{"q_indices": [73, 11, 54, 88, 70, 49, 121, 102, 76, 58, 83, 30, 63, 118, 50, 66, 64, 81, 107, 90, 45, 71, 104, 69, 55, 96, 95, 20, 127, 67, 17, 2, 10, 1, 40, 43, 117, 84, 0, 61, 34, 60, 110, 123, 36, 48, 93, 115, 46, 39, 29, 59, 80, 105, 21, 57, 28, 31, 33, 85, 15, 41, 108, 5], "a_indices": [27, 125, 26, 100, 120, 23, 114, 56, 92, 86, 126, 99, 51, 74, 4, 97, 8, 72, 79, 16, 119, 24, 112, 109, 94, 103, 25, 38, 13, 101, 53, 68, 116, 52, 47, 35, 42, 44, 19, 89, 98, 77, 14, 106, 87, 37, 7, 82, 18, 75, 22, 78, 122, 111, 9, 124, 3, 91, 6, 32, 65, 113, 12, 62], "texts": ["What are some key benefits of using Bitcoin casinos compared to traditional online casinos", "What are the names of the three versions of Shooter that Sunline has", "What services does Eavesway provide for cruise passengers traveling from Southampton", "I can find what my top read posts are by looking at the right hand side of my blog.....or Google Analytics. But I don't want to talk about those....I want to talk about my favorite blog posts that I've ever written. These are the ones I enjoy reading over long after I have written them. Here they are, in no particular order:\nNot Rocket Science, Making Pizza at Home Thursday, December 31, 2009\nGoing", "October 02, 2009 by Julie Jacobson\nSharp plans to help consumers record giant HD movie files to a Blu-ray disc.\nThe company is coming out with 13 new Aquos DX Series LCD TVs with built-in Blu-ray players/recorders.\nSharp introduced the DX Series in 2008, but the second edition extends HD video recording time up to seven times the usual length (7X mode). Even at 7X, the recording maintains \u201cthe exact same full-HD quality as the original high-definition broadcast,\u201d according to Sharp.\nThe new TVs come with Sharp\u2019s new Motion Guide, which enables users to browse TV, Internet and Blu-ray content while watching TV in the background.\nThe Image Select feature automatically adjusts images to the ideal setting based on room brightness and type of TV/video program or scene.\nThe DX Series TVs, available in sizes from 26 inches to 52 inches, will be demonstrated at CEATEC in Japan next week. They come in black, white and red.\nThere\u2019s no word on pricing and U.S. release dates.\nFoll", "What role did Sidney Childs assume at SVSU, and what does he come with in terms of previous experience", "The Karen Mullen Breast Cancer Foundation has awarded $35,000 to Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center at the Miller School to support the groundbreaking work of Stefan Gl\u00fcck, M.D., Ph.D., Sylvester Professor of Medicine. The grant specifically supports Gl\u00fcck\u2019s research into estrogen receptors in breast cancer.\nSmoking not only causes bladder cancer, it also affects its course, in that people who smoke more have greater likelihood of developing more aggressive and deadly disease. That is one of the conclusions of a study published January 14 in CANCER, a peer-reviewed journal of the", "I have worked for companies such as Polaroid, Max Factor, BSR System X 10, Phone Mate and Cobra.\nThe common thread of all these companies was the founder\u2019s found a unique solution to a problem at the time was very successful but as time went on technology passed them by.\nNow I am in real estate and today I visited with Karen Adams the CEO of Green Dwellings, greendwellings.net. Karen is bringing to market the home of the future.\nIt is Solar, Smart and Sustainable. Rather t", "Hopefully you\u2019re planning a summer vacation, but it might surprise you to learn that the U.S. is the only country in the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) with no legally required vacation days or holidays. Many countries give their citizens much more time off than the U.S., and the European Union requires at least four weeks of paid vacation a year.\nSo Who Gets the Most Time Off?\nAustrians seem to get the most generous offer with 22 paid vacation days and 13 separate individual holiday days. France also provides a substantial time off package, with 30 paid vacation days a year. Spain and Portugal offer 34 and 35 paid vacation days and holidays, respectively. Belgium and Germany offer 20 paid vacation days and 10 individual holiday days annually.\nHistorically, so many Europeans choose to take their time off in August, that many businesses in those cities simply close down the for the month. French and Italians like to travel to major cities and beaches all around Europe during their month off in August.\nAmericans Do Not Utilize Time Off\nAlthough there is no obligation for time off in the United States, the private sector usually offers workers 10 vacation days and six individual holiday days. That\u2019s bad enough, but to make matters worse, most Americans don\u2019t even utilize the full amount of paid time off they receive. Research firm Harris Interactive asserts that Americans only use about 51 percent of their eligible vacation time.\nAdam Sacks, president of the Tourism Economics division of Oxford Economics, argues that unused vacation ti", "That\u2019s a name. He\u2019s an Israeli chef and cookbook writer. (He\u2019s also gay and has a Palestinian boyfriend) So, Easter. Gay Israeli with Palestinian BF seemed like a natural. I\u2019ve made it before, albeit in a much smaller quantity. Chicken and potatoes with pomegranate molasses. Add onions and prunes. Cover and roast for 2.5 hours.\nYeah, the potatoes were rock hard. In the end I had to roast the potatoes and", "What was the goal of Sunline when introducing the new version of the Shooter Flurocarbon Fishing Line", "What significant changes in higher education does the author suggest regarding tuition costs and learning methods", "It is with great pleasure and pride that I share the news that we were selected to achieve the \u201cGreat College to Work For\u201d recognition from the Chronicle of Higher Education. We are one of only 93 institutions chosen; the list includes community colleges, private universities and public universities. This award has been given for nine years, but this is the first time we have participated in the survey. We join the University of Michigan as the state\u2019s only institutions to earn the distinction. We were honored in three categories: compensation and benefits; facilities, workspace and security; and teaching environment. While the recognition is nice, the most satisfying piece of this award is that it is based on your responses. This is reflective of what you think of our university. My thanks to everyone who worked on this and/or took the time to complete a survey, and my deepest appreciation to everyone who comes to work each day and makes this such a special place for our students and our colleagues.\nWe may not have to wait long for our next national award. I send my best wishes to recent graduate Kim Salwey and the members of our student-alumni group Forever Red as they travel to Atlanta next week for the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE) Network Convention. In March, Kim won the Outstanding Student Leader award and SVSU\u2019s Forever Red won the Outstanding Student Organization award from CASE District V, which encompasses Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, Minnesota, Ohio and Wisconsin. Each of the district winners are now eligible for the national award in their category. We are sending 13 SVSU representatives to the conference; it is a wonderful growth opportunity for them, and we hope they report good news from the awards ceremony Saturday, Aug. 6.\nCongratulations to Matt Zivich, professor of art, whose 2015 painting, \"Overboard,\" acrylic on canvas, was chosen as one of three top-awarded art works at the University of Michigan's juried 2016 Stamps School of Art & Design Annual Alumni Show. Approximately 170 works were submitted and 68 were selected for the exhibition, which opened this week and runs through Sunday, Aug. 7 at the Argus II gallery in Ann Arbor.\nAs mentioned above, this is a great place to work because so many people consistently demonstrate remarkable dedication to the students we serve. Judy Youngquist, senior ESL specialist, was one of these people. She recently retired af", "- Van Wert\nDiary of Cathy Minges - Week 4 - December 20-26\nMonday, December 20, 2010\nAllen did his barn chores before he left for work. Another cold day with a lot of snow on the ground that is not going anywhere anytime soon! I worked at the FB office. Short week for me with the holidays. Allen will finish the week on Thursday. After work Allen worked on the livestock trailer. The back doors seem a little loose and he is tightening up the bolts. Not a very easy task as the bolts are behind a welded piece with no easy access to them. I went to Harrison after work to pick up a few last minute supplies. Allen put out round bales of hay and then went to get some straw they will need for the sale next week. Wyatt is having a semi trailer haul his cattle in, we may meet the trailer north of Eaton on I-70 to put our 4 head on for the trip to Zanesville. Scott will pull a gooseneck trailer with the big supplies they will need such as: chutes, generators, blowers, space heaters, straw and hay. Allen will pull our livestock trailer with other supplies they will need. We join together with Carrie and Wyatt on supplies since we all help each other. Allen did his evening feeding and checked bedding and water. Allen and Scott will start clipping later in the week for transport on next Tuesday. It takes a good 3-4 hours or more to clip on each head, plus the calf has to be washed and blown dry thoroughly before you can clip. Clipping takes a lot of practice and patience and can be very meticulous. Allen does a little prep clipping, but Scott does the majority. A good clip job will enhance the calf and is necessity with show cattle. Wyatt was going to start his sale clipping on Sunday with all the cattle he has in the sale. Not sure if he got started, he had people looking at steers on Sunday and sold a few head. Carrie helps Wyatt clip when she can. A few years ago for her birthday he gave he a hot pink toolbox and painted all her tools and clippers hot pink for her. That is one of her favorite colors. With all of Scott's work and Allen's work week, they will probably spend a majority of the weekend clipping, along with Monday to be ready to send the cattle on Tuesday.\nTuesday, December 21, 2010\nMore snow this morning, maybe another 2-3 inches. Allen up and fed cattle and did chores before he left for work at 6:00. I worked at the FB office. Our office is closed on Wednesday so this is the last day this week for me for the Christmas holiday! After work, Allen put out round bales for the cows, fed the calves and finished his other chores before we went Christmas shopping. He said he would finish up early so we could get a good start. Early to him was around 6:30. Grabbed a bit to eat on the way and did our one stop shopping at JC Penney. After 1 1/2 hrs we were finished and Allen hopes he doesn't see another store besides Tractor Supply for at least another year. Allen and Scott already talking about the next calf crop. Depending on how the bred heifer we have in the sale will sell, we may flush the cow for eggs. They plan ahead on how they will A/I breed a cow to what bull based on the genetics of the cow and bull. They are many things you look for and if a calf turns out really well, other advanced reproductive techniques such as flushing for more eggs to try to get the same quality calves for embryo transfers with recip cows. This can be a costly venture and we only consider this option with cows that are super-producers. Breeders will purchase their bull semen from catalogs with the genetics of the bull along with other EPD's (Expected Progeny Differences) such as: birth weight, weaning weight, yearly weight, milking ability, calving ease and other data used to make the calculations. You have to be careful breeding a heifer or small cow to bulls that produce large calves. This can cause real problems at birth in which you can loose the calf and possibly the cow or heifer.\nWednesday, December 22, 2010\nAllen fed and did his other chores before leaving for work. This is his last full work day at his job before the holiday. He was at the Zoo again today and will return there on Jan. 3. His company is closed down for the week between Christmas and New Year. This will work out well for him with the upcoming cattle sale next week. I met Sheri to pick-up Cole for the day. I took Cole down to Ross for a haircut and we had to go to the bank. Afterwards we worked on painting ornaments that he is giving to family for the holidays. I did the usual Wednesday chores, cleaned, laundry and put our fresh Christmas greens for decorations in the house. Love the evergreen smell. After lunch we went over to visit my parents, something he loves to do and looks forward to each week. After Allen returned home from work a little later than usual, he did his feeding and other chores for the evening. Allen met Sheri to drop-off Cole and also load our semen tank in her vehicle for Scott. Sheri is finished with this semester of school so she is off work on Wednesdays a little earlier now. It weighs about 40 pounds and currently has about 100 straws of semen in the tank. The tank is filled with nitrogen gas to keep the semen froze for proper storage. A straw of semen can cost between $20 and $100, or much more, depending on the quality of the bulls. We insure the semen tank as a separate rider on our insurance policy, when it is full, you can have a lot of money at stake. I made pancakes and sausage for supper, hit the spot. Nice to be home for the evening. The cattle are all doing very well and tolerating the bitter cold weather, much better than we are.\nThursday, December 23, 2010\nAllen was able to sleep in a little today and got up at 6:00 to feed and do other barn chores. They have a short day at work today. He and other co-workers met down at the little restaurant in Okeana for their annual breakfast get-together before they go into work. They have a short company meeting then a catered meal before their holiday break. Allen returned home around 12:30 to head out to the barn. He put more round bales out and had to put out some more corn stalk bales for bedding. Keeping dry bedding for the cattle is always a priority. I was off today and star", "Edutainment Market Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2018 - 2027\nEdutainment Market: Overview\nThe edutainment market report provides analysis for the period 2017 \u2013 2027, where 2019 to 2027 is the forecast period and 2018 is the base year. The report covers all the major trends and technologies expected to play an influential role in the market\u2019s growth over the forecast period. It also highlights the drivers, restraints, and opportunities for the analysis of market growth during the said period. The study provides a complete perspective on the evolution of the global edutainment market throughout the above mentioned forecast period in terms of revenue (US$ Mn).\nThe market overview section of the report demonstrates market dynamics such as the drivers, restraints, and opportunities that influence the current nature and future status of this market and macroeconomic factors. A market attractiveness analysis has been provided for every segment in the report, in order to provide a thorough understanding of the overall scenario in the edutainment market. The report also provides an overview of various strategies adopted by key players in the market.\nGlobal Edutainment Market: Scope of the Report\nThe edutainment market is segmented based on visitor demographics, facility size, gaming type, and revenue source. Based on visitor demographics, the market has been bifurcated into children (0-12 years), teenager (13-18 years), young adult (19-25 years), and adult (25+ years). In terms of facility size, the market has been segmented into 5,001 to 10,000 sq. ft., 10,001 to 20,000 sq. ft., 20,001 to 40,000 sq. ft. and > 40,000 sq. ft. Based on gaming type, the market is segmented into interactive, non-interactive, explorative, and hybrid combination games. On the basis of revenue source, the market has been divided into entry fees & tickets, food & beverages, merchandising, advertising, and others. The report provides in-depth segment analysis of the global edutainment market, thereby providing valuable insights at the macro as well as micro levels.\nThe report also highlights the competitive landscape of the global edutainment market, positioning all the major players according to their presence in different regions of the world and recent key developments initiated by them in the market. The comprehensive edutainment market estimates are the result of our in-depth secondary research, primary interviews, and in-house expert panel reviews. These market estimates have been analyzed by taking into account the impact of different political, social, economic, and technological factors along with the current market dynamics affecting the growth of the edutainment market.\nThe report provides all the essential information required to understand the key developments in the edutainment market, and growth trends of each segment and region. It also includesstrategies, financial information, sales footprint, and developmentsunder the company profile section. The report provides i", "What strategy does the author use as a form of discipline for their children", "nagement Co.\nPest Control Supplies, free advice by pest control experts. Free shipping, pest control, termite control, termites\nForshaw Distribution featuring a pest control distributor catalog of products including Termidor for South and North Carolina, Virginia, Florida, Georgia, Tennessee, Indiana, and Ohio.\n|Green Light Company\nGardening tips, lawn care advice, information on garden insecticides\n|Monterey Lawn and Garden\nMonterey Lawn and Garden Products supplies home garden chemical products such as herbicides, insecticides, fungicides, fertilizers, disease control products. Designed for home, commercial and professional gardeners.\n|Nott Products Company Inc.\nProducts for Home & Landscaping at Nott Products Manufacturer of pest control solutions", "What benefits does the author find in using Eavesway Travel's cruise link service for reaching the port of Southampton", "Crime risks of three-dimensional virtual environments\nTrends & issues in crime and criminal justice no. 388\nIan Warren and Darren Palmer\nCanberra: Australian Institute of Criminology, February 2010\nForeword | Three-dimensional virtual environments (3dves) are the new generation of digital multi-user social networking platforms. Their immersive character allows users to create a digital humanised representation or avatar, enabling a degree of virtual interaction not possible through conventional text-based internet technologies. As recent international experience demonstrates, in addition to the conventional range of cybercrimes (including economic fraud, the dissemination of child pornography and copyright violations), the 'virtual-reality' promoted by 3dves is the source of great speculation and concern over a range of specific and emerging forms of crime and harm to users. This paper provides some examples of the types of harm currently emerging in 3dves and suggests internal regulation by user groups, terms of service, or end-user licensing agreements, possibly linked to real-world criminological principles. This paper also provides some directions for future research aimed at understanding the role of Australian criminal law and the justice system more broadly in this emerging field.\nDebate over the potential harmful and criminological impacts of virtual worlds first emerged when North American journalist Julian Dibble (1993) documented the Mr Bungle case. It involved an alleged 'virtual rape' of a female user in the purely text-based virtual world called LambdaMOO. Any connection between a virtual and real crime in this case is highly debatable, because the harm involved 'a real-time non-consensual textual description of the rape' through 'the display\u2026of graphic and offensive\u2026sentences' (Lastowka & Hunter 2004: 295). Nevertheless, since the early 1990s, the rapid technological evolution and global appeal of many Web 2.0 social software platforms such as Facebook and MySpace (Coates, Suzor & Fitzgerald 2007), ensures new forms of user-generated internet content and 'virtual-reality' pose various risks worthy of ongoing criminological investigation (Williams 2006).\nSmith, Grabosky and Urbas (2004) define cybercrime as the use of digital technologies to commit an offence, behaviour targeting communications technologies, or the use of these technologies for the commission of other crimes. Along with improved graphic capabilities, their global reach and their immersive or 'inter-real' character, the European Network and Information Security Agency (ENISA) identify five additional characteristics of three-dimensional virtual environments (3dves) or virtual worlds:\n- persistence, meaning that the virtual environment as it is seen by all users is the same and continues to host activity even when users log out (unlike video games, which shut down when the user logs off);\n- central storage on a database controlled by the service provider;\n- users interact in real time;\n- a set of physical laws to determine how interactions take place 'in-world'; and\n- participation by using an 'avatar' (de Zwart 2009).\nThese characteristics add to the degree of 'presence' associated with 3dve use (Boellstorff 2008). This feature is the main challenge 3dves pose to conventional understandings of cybercrime and cyber-harm.\nGames and worlds\nMost current generation 3dves are goal-directed multi-user games. World of Warcraft boasts over 11.5 million members worldwide (Blizzard 2008) within a platform containing various fictitious digital landscapes. Users pay an initial fee to purchase the gaming software, then additional monthly participation fees. Users must complete various goal-directed quests, such as slaying monsters or gathering special items, with the complexity of tasks and rewards for successful completion increasing the further one journeys through each stage. The platform also allows users to forge ongoing social ties, while receiving training for in-world roles and exchanging virtual currency to complete game-based objectives.\nIn contrast, Second Life is not a goal-directed game, although it supports many game-related activities. Abrahams (2007) describes Second Life as a virtual world promoting various business, educational, artistic and governmental activities.\nWith over 14 million users and 27,000 parcels of land, the distinctive feature of Second Life is a thriving market economy. Linden Lab, the platform administrator, actively encourages trade through the LindeX currency exchange. In April 2009, Linden$260 were the equivalent of US$1 and around Linden$5,851,223,689 were in circulation (Linden Lab 2009a).\nUsers are charged small fees to upload content into the platform. However, the bulk of trading activity involves land sales, the exchange of goods and services such as clothing, prefabricated buildings and counselling services, and the conversion of Lindens$ into real-world currency.\nThe initial cost of a parcel of land for private users is around $1,300, plus a further $900 each year for maintenance. Educational and charitable users are offered discounted land rates. In addition, a monthly premium membership fee of around $20 provides users with Linden$1,000. Land can only be purchased by paid members. This structure allows fee-payers to develop their own virtual environments according to their preference, imagination and technical ability.\n3dves have been used to develop simulations of real-world behaviours useful in understanding crime prevention and citizenship issues (Hall et al. 2006). However, the free-market economic structure and real-world value of virtual currency blurs the boundaries between the virtual and the real.\nFor example, in 2007, it was estimated that up to US$75,000 was lost when the Ginko Bank in Second Life collapsed after offering investors 40 percent interest per annum on their Linden$ investments (Semuels 2008). This Ponzi scheme was able to flourish in the absence of any real-world regulatory scrutiny. It is therefore possible that 3dves can provide a lucrative global environment for financial scams devoid of any external regulatory oversight.\n'Inter-reality' and immersion\nThe convergence of technical functions promotes two forms of inter-reality in 3dves. The first involves the creation of realistic 3D environments for users to navigate. The second relates to the functionality of the 'avatar', which is the medium through which users engage with the 3dve platform and other users.\nPaid members or site developers create fantasy worlds or replicas of real-world environments by uploading jpeg images into the central data repository and manipulating these files to create a 3D landscape. Only fully-paid members who own an Island can construct an environment in this way.\nAn 'avatar' is a human-like representation of its user, which moves through the digital world by walking, flying, or 'teleporting' to new locations. The user controls avatar movements and can communicate with other avatars (users) in real time through speech, text or simulated gestures. Studies indicate that users place more trust in avatars with human characteristics and prefer to develop avatars that reflect their own gender and racial profiles (Nowak & Rauh 2005). However, with a few simple commands, users can easily alter their avatar's physical appearance, switch gender or adopt any number of fictitious or androgynous characteristics.\nThese immersive and synchronous elements of 3dves alter conventional notions of cyber-harm by converging text, audio and video communication methods. Therefore, offensive conduct can encompass interaction through speech, gestures, or simulated behaviours including sexual acts, assaults, gunshots and even terrorist attacks.\nThe reach of real-world law\nThe question of whether real-world notions of interpersonal harm apply to virtual assault or sexual assault is unresolved. This complicates the question of regulation within virtual worl", "The Best Bitcoin Casinos 2023\nMore importantly, the blockchain processes and records transactions without sharing your details. The reason why cryptocurrencies are irreversible is that you are on your own. For the last 10 years, we\u2019ve seen the rise of crypto gambling transactions overtake traditional modes of payment. Take a look at the five best bitcoin casino games for payout percentages. Since KingBit ranked as the best crypto casino, we will take you through the swift process of signing up with them. If you need any assistance from us, use Contact Us. This site accepts transactions made via credit and debit cards, SEPA transfer, iDEAL, and several more, depending upon your location. If you\u2019re the kind of person who enjoys a good time at a Bitcoin gambling site, then an important factor for you is to select one with a great VIP program and lots of entertaining bonuses. But casinos that have a Gold or a Silver medal are definitely reliable. Bettors want a casino that rewards them for all their gameplay, not only when they first sign up. 7Bit Casino does a great job of delivering a nice mix of over 1,300 casino games. Keep in mind, though, that mBit caps your withdrawal amounts. So, if you\u2019re following a sport on the television, radio or better yet, live, then you can bet along with the action.\nComparing the Best Bitcoin Casino Sites\nMost of the time, you\u2019ll get your transaction included in the next few blocks with a fee of less than $1. This also enhances the quality and feel of the site, and it can boost your overall experience in the casino. These are good but are tied to certain games. With its easy to use platform, great selection of games, and sports betting options, Cloudbet is sure to be one of the top Bitcoin Casinos for 2023. Whether it relates to the winning or a payment choice. Withdrawal processing times for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies take 24 hours at the most, but they\u2019re typically processed within the hour of your request. With every bet on dice and roulette you have the chance to win our ever growing jackpot.\n8 Tamadoge TAMA \u2013 Crypto with the Best Roadmap for 2023 Integrating a P2E Project with NFTs and AR\nBased on your IP address, below is a list of RNG audited, provably fair Bitcoin http://ycfthb.com/2023/02/18/apply-any-of-these-10-secret-techniques-to-improve-crypto-casino-online/ casinos available in the USA as well as in your country. They have Android and iOS apps, making mobile deposits at bitcoin casinos easy using QR codes. This casino features an extensive FAQ section that answers key questions for players. This is a completely decentralized process, which means that there are no banks or other organizations who are a part of this process. The minimum deposit and withdrawal amounts vary depending on the coin, but they range from 1 DOGE to 0. TV, BGaming, and CT Gaming Interactive.\nWhat Do You Need to Know When Gambling in Thailand?\nVariety of Casino Games: 4. All licensed sites are required to be fair and follow a set of guidelines. There is no minimum deposit either, but there is a minimum withdrawal amount that varies for each currency. To ensure fair play, it employs a random number generator and encrypts its users\u2019 personal information, allowing them to get the most out of their gambling experience. XRP casinos are becoming increasingly popular due to their connections to large banks such as Bank of America. Bet casino stand out among the competition is its varied selection of over 5,000 games from over 90 providers, ensuring a wide range of games to suit everyone\u2019s tastes. It\u2019s a great game type for gamblers who like the thrill of live lottery calls, from the comfort of their own home. We have encountered a amount of unfavorable suggestions, though, yet all of them have been resolved within 2 days.\nCan I use a mobile or tablet?\nIf you are interested in learning more about the approach that we use to evaluate and test Bitcoinist proposed them, we are happy to take you behind the scenes. We believe it\u2019s essential to have a diverse selection of games that suits all tastes and preferences. The first thing that everyone asks is whether bitcoin gaming sites are legal in the United Kingdom. 1 mBTC and processes most deposits and withdrawals almost instantly, with no processing fees. For every BTC you wager, you will accumulate points that you can convert into generous freebies. This is one of the biggest Bitcoin bonuses we\u2019ve ever seen, and it also comes with fair wagering requirements. Perfect Basic Strategy in Sap is still negative outlook EV. KatsuBet Casino offers over 5000 games and is home to 100,000+ players.\n\u2018Greenium\u2019 To Be Commanded By India\u2019s First Green Bond Sale: Report\nOther Types Of Casino Deposits You Can Use\nA pop up will appear with several fields for you to fill out. This is why we\u2019re here to put your mind at ease by explaining why you have nothing to worry about when it comes to playing at online casino sites using Bitcoin. As you might imagine, this gaming veteran has a huge range of games, including slots, Blackjack, video poker, live casino, and table games. Enjoy ongoing promotions including tournaments such as \u201cLegends of Slots\u201d \u2013 Play any slot game, to win from a prize pool of $1,000 and 2,000 Free Spins every week, and the Loyalty/VIP program. That offer that you may think is attractive at first sight, maybe just a trap. If we talk about the technical part of crypto casinos, they are usually divided into two types. This online casino boasts a huge array of slots with progressive jackpots and video poker, including some of the latest releases from NetEnt and Microgaming.\nBeware of fake Bitcoin denominated games\nHowever, make sure you open a wallet with a trusted platform and keep your password and private keys safe. Customer Support and Online Presence: 4. A Bitcoin no deposit bonus doesn\u2019t require making deposits in order to claim it. Betonline does everything you want in a modern site, with great gameplay and an eye catching design. Anonymity has become a rare commodity in today\u2019s digitized world. Currently the sixth biggest cryptocurrency in the world, Litecoin is available at most crypto casinos. You can easily search for slot based games by viewing categories, searching video slot names, or typing keywords of the preferred match. Though guaranteeing your anonymity, those legal operators still track where you are located in order to avoid servicing players based in countries where the law disapproves of online gambling. Litecoin, XRP, Ether and Bitcoin Cash are among the top crypto tokens that have appeared alongside Bitcoin in top crypto casinos, so you are best off trying any of them. Another option is Mirax Casino, a casino that launched in mid 2022. This is only a downside if you don\u2019t play at a casino with live dealer games.\nA crypto exchange converts fiat currencies such as the US Dollar, Euro, or Pound into the cryptocurrency of investors\u2019 choice. Furthermore, new crypto casinos tend to have lower fees than regular online casinos, offer higher limits on betting, and offer faster withdrawal times than other payment methods. MBit Casino is the best online bitcoin casino for game variety. By hitting your account with $30+, you get an 80% bonus with the maximum win limited to $90 in BTC equivalent. So, what is a deposit bonus, and how does it work. They have some unique promos as well though like the \u2018Bitty Quiz\u2019 which basically is a Pub Q", "What brands were listed as popular for summer according to E-Score", "What dish did the author make that includes chicken, potatoes, and pomegranate molasses", "Cerebral palsy (CP) is an umbrella term for a type of motor disorder (a form of physical disability) caused by damage to the immature or developing brain that occurs before, during or immediately after the birth of the child. The type of cerebral palsy, and its severity, depends upon the size, location and timing of the brain damage.\nThe current UK incidence rate is a", "These People Under Any Circumstances.\u201d\nJosie was not interested in anything but fussing and pouring everyone\u2019s drink on the floor. Nicholas kept disappearing to the bathroom, the bar, the kitchen \u2013 God knows where. I was sweating bullets from running up and down mopping up puddles of Josie\u2019s mess and trying to track down my son.\nThe highlight. My friend Sandy\u2019s youngest was trying to be helpful and tried to carry Josie across the restaurant. He is only a few inches taller than she. Yep. Dropped her right on her face on the concrete floor. You could hear her screams all the way to my hometown.\nI rush outside with Baby J to calm her down. Not even five minutes later, Nan comes running out yelling at me to get back inside. Nicholas has it in his head that we have left him there. And he is letting everyone know it by sobbing hysterically in the middle of the wrestling ring.\nI throw Baby J down and try to console Nicholas (to absolutely no avail). In the meantime Baby J has wandered off. Too the bar. (like mother, like daughter).\nI\u2019ll just take my wine to go \u2013 thank you. Got my sippy cup right here.\nNan\u2019s oldest son was getting tired of the drama (as was the rest of the restaurant). He is practically pulling his mom out the door to escape the madness.\nHowever, she sees me out of the corner of her eye, looking wild eyed trying to pawn my children off on Jeramy (the owner of the restaurant). In the meantime \u2013 Josie is trying to make drinks at the bar and Nicholas has sequestered himself in a corner (still crying) and refusing to leave.\nNan was not about to leave me alone \u2013 for fear she would wake up in the morning and read about me on the front page of the paper.\nShe is a good friend. Ranks right up there with Chardonnay.\nSo on this note \u2013 mama is taking a break. Headed to the mountains for family vacay. Where I am not allowed to plan the day\u2019s activities.\nGood bye my readers \u2013 wish us luck on the road and I\u2019ll be back in a couple weeks", "is a good compromise for being close to each other and eventually spending much more time as a family.\nMiles\u2014I believe\u2014 is just along for the ride. His good nature and relative flexibility are a godsend right now. He knows we are moving, and sometimes jokes about going early or not at all. I\u2019m pretty sure he\u2019s gauging our reaction, but we just play it cool.\nThe house is of course a disaster. There\u2019s nothing like a good comprehensive purge to reduce a seemingly orderly life to smoldering piles of Cerberean effluence. The upside to all this chaos is that there is almost certainly a phoenix* of simple living in our near future. I have read a bit about this kind of purging, and don\u2019t recall anyone speaking of any kind of effluence, so I felt it important to add that note to the record.\nOn the boat there will be quite literally no place for disorder. At least not if we want to sail, and oh how I want to sail. Our stated goal is to keep the boat ready to sail within one hour. From what I gather, this is not a reasonable goal, but its ours and we\u2019re sticking to it\u2026 for now \ud83d\ude09\n* please pardon the mixed metapho", "As Americans prepare to hit the beaches and the road for this year\u2019s summer season, market research firm E-Score is releasing a survey that shows which popular brands are most in favor this season.\nE-Score surveyed 1,500 people over the age of 13, adjusting for demographic characteristics to best represent average American responses. Respondents to the survey were asked what popular brands were best associated with summer. The popular brands were then ranked according to their appeal.\nNot surprisingly, Unilever\u2019s (UL) Good Humor ice cream bars", "So you can\u2019t make the LIAC Casino Night but still want to have some fun? We have over 55 amazing Team Spirit Chance Baskets that are still calling your name. (See attached for a preview listing.)\nSo, if you want to take a Chance on our awesome Team Spirit Baskets, come meet Stacy Gregorace and Grace Aroesty at the Eisenhower Pool Main Lobby on Wednesday, February 1st between 4:45pm and 7:15pm to purchase your raffle tickets.\nRaffl", "Submitted by Charles Hugh-Smith of OfTwoMinds blog,\nOnce we accredit the student, not the institution, existing universities will compete directly with Nearly Free Universities not in issuing diplomas but in how much students actually learned and mastered.\nOne of the key insights from recent work in psychology is that humans tend to substitute easier problems rather than solve difficult problems. Daniel Kahneman explained this dynamic in his recent book Thinking, Fast and Slow.\nTo \"solve\" a difficult problem we are unfamiliar with, we substitute a lesser problem we already know the answer to, and then declare we've \"solved\" the original (often knotty, complex) problem.\nThe real problem then festers, unsolved and addressed, while the misguided \"solution\" only drains resources and exacerbates the real problem.\nAn excellent example of this dynamic is higher education: the real problems are soaring costs and sharply declining yields in actual learning and in the real-world value of a diploma.\nConsider the study Academically Adrift: Limited Learning on College Campuses which concluded that \"American higher education is characterized by limited or no learning for a large proportion of students.\"\nThese charts illustrate the costs and diminishing returns:\nThe yield (in earnings) on the increasingly unaffordable college degree is declining sharply:\nThe Status Quo has substituted two false \"solutions\" that completely ignore the real problems of soaring costs and diminishing returns: increasing student loans and hiring hundreds of thousands of non-teaching administrators.\nWhile student loans have soared to over $1 trillion, with direct Federal loans ballooning from $115 billion to over $700 billion in a few short years, only 37% of freshmen at four-year colleges graduate in four years (58% finally graduate in six years), and 53% of recent college graduates under the age of 25 are unemployed or doing work they could have done without going to college.\nNew Analysis Shows Problematic Boom In Higher Ed Administrators:\nIn all, from 1987 until 2011-12--the most recent academic year for which comparable figures are available\u2014universities and colleges collectively added 517,636 administrators and professional employees, according to the analysis by the New England Center for Investigative Reporting.\n\u201cThere\u2019s just a mind-boggling amount of money per student that\u2019s being spent on administration,\u201d said Andrew Gillen, a senior researcher at the institutes. \u201cIt raises a question of priorities.\u201d\nThe ratio of nonacademic employees to faculty has also doubled. There are now two nonacademic employees at public and two and a half at private universities and colleges for every one full-tim", "What type of blog posts does the author want to discuss", "What causes cerebral palsy and how does its type and severity vary", "Who were elected as the school council representatives at their first meeting", "What are some blog posts mentioned in the text that made the author laugh or cry", "American Cancer Society.\nMichigan entrepreneur Wayne Lobdell is convinced that the mind-and-body wellness techniques his UHealth doctors introduced him to in South Florida are key to his recovered good health \u2013 so convinced that he and his wife Terry are ensuring all patients who visit UHealth\u2019s Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center at Deerfield Beach can access a broad range of holistic mind-body preventive and therapeutic interventions.\nThe Saul and Theresa Esman Foundation has made a pledge of $450,000 to support UHealth\u2019s Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center at the Miller School", "What is the purpose of the $35,000 grant awarded by the Karen Mullen Breast Cancer Foundation", "What is the significance of building social capital in Uganda's society as described in the speech", "e 27, 2016\nCeltic were in training at their usual base in Glasgow last week, but they have moved to pastures new today.\nCeltic are travelling to Slovenia, where they have three friendly matches lined up.\nRodgers\u2019 side will take on Sturm Graz, NK Olimpija and Maribor during their time in Slovenia.\nCeltic are preparing ahead of their first competitive match in the season, which will come in the form of a Champions League qualifier midway through July.\nCeltic will take on either Lincoln of Gibraltar or FC Tallinn in that Champions League qualification match", "What is the design inspiration behind the Excel Desk Lamp", "gram by the same name, the full Excel family includes the table lamp, wall sconce, floor lamp and chandelier.\n- Materials: Oak, steel\n- Dimensions: 20\" H x 10\" W x 19\" D\n- Bulbs: LED Universal Voltag", "and camping gear manufacture Coleman, a division of Jarden (JAH) ranked well on the list. So did Disney\u2019s (DIS) Pixar film studio and its Disneyland and Disney World amusement parks.\nHere is the full list of popular brands for summer, as compiled by E-Score:\n- Good Humor\n- Mondelez International\u2019s (MDLZ) Oreo\n- ConAgra\u2019s (CAG) Orville Redenbacher (popcorn)\n- Disney World\n- Toys R Us\n- Kraft Foods (KRFT) Oscar Mayer\n- SeaWorld (SEAS)\n- Fiji Water\n- Billabong (clothing)\n- Major League Baseball\n- Harley Davidson (HOG)\n- Carnival Cruise Lines (CCL)", "What are the types of harms associated with the use of 3dves, and how should they be addressed according to the text", "What has Chris Davies said about the attitude and mentality of the Celtic squad during their pre-season training", "What lesson did the parent learn from their child's response about the importance of balance in coaching and parenting", "Scarring in the bladder neck: What can be done?\nDear Dr. Motola:\nI have scaring in my bladder neck after prostate removal. I have had this scarring removed 2 times in the last 2 years. I have been inserting a catheter daily for the past 11 months to help prevention. I am scheduled for scar tissue removal for a third time next month. What, if anything, can be done to prevent scar tissue from returning?\nBladder neck scarring after radical prostatectomy can be extremely frustrating to treat for both the patient and the urologist. Injections of steroids hav", "What teams will Celtic play against during their training in Slovenia", "e been tried to help prevent this, however the results are not very successful. Utilizing a different energy source such as a laser may provide some advantage.** I am not sure if you have had a TURP or a radical prostatectomy. If it were a TURP, a more complete resection of the prostate can be helpful. If you had treatment with a radical prostatectomy, this becomes an extremely challenging problem because if the removal of the scarring is too aggressive, permanent incontinence can occur. Various prostatic stents are available that may also be helpful.**", "How does Vick feel about becoming live-aboards compared to the author who feels comforted by it", "What are the main characteristics of three-dimensional virtual environments (3dves) that contribute to the complexities of cybercrime", "Chris Davies and Brendan Rodgers have taken Celtic on tour of Slovenia.\nCeltic assistant manager Chris Davies says that he has been pleasantly surprised by the attitude and mentality of the squad at Parkhead.\nDavies and Brendan Rodgers have now had over a week to assess the talents of their new Celtic squad.\nThe Bhoys have been back for over a week in pre-season, and Davies has been happy by what he\u2019s seen.\nCD: \"The attitude and mentality of the players has been brilliant. We've been pleasantly surprised about that.\"\u2014 Celtic Football Club (@celticfc) Jun", "What items are included in the full Excel family of lamps", "What caused chaos in the restaurant during the author's visit", "What is the new feature of the Aquos DX Series LCD TVs that allows for extended recording times while maintaining full HD quality", "South America's powerhouse faces tough dilemmas in 2014.\nBrazil is hastily preparing to host two of the world's premier mega-events: the World Cup starting in June and the Olympics just 24 months later. While it has come under heavy criticism for the slow pace of preparations, among other things, this is a country that knows how to throw a party.\nMeanwhile, the government is gearing up for a repeat of last year's social protests. In 2013, more than 1 million people flooded the streets to denounce poor-quality services, the skyrocketing cost of living and the deterioration in public safety. Brazil faces profound problems with violence, including more homicides than any other nation and an exploding prison population.\nThe way a society cares for its prison population is a good index of its values and civility. A cursory inspection of Brazil's penal justice system reveals a culture bordering on sadism. The country features the world's fourth-largest prison population, with roughly 550,000 inmates occupying cell space designed for less than 300,000. Almost half of them have yet to be tried and languish for years before seeing a judge. A study by the International Bar Association's Human Rights Institute found that 1 in 5 pretrial prisoners was jailed improperly. Almost a third of all inmate deaths are a result of homicide, six times the rate for the country as a whole.\nBrazil's prisons have been among the world's most violent for decades. A 1992 prison riot in Sao Paulo's infamous Carandiru prison left 111 members of rival gangs dead. It took more than two decades for riot police accused of the killings to finally be brought to justice. The First Command of the Capital, or PCC, the nation's most powerful gang, was formed to avenge the victims of that riot.\nViolence in Brazilian prisons amplifies violence on Brazilian streets. In 2006, the PCC launched a wave of attacks against law enforcement and penal personnel as a protest over prison conditions. At least 450 people were killed and riots were organised in more than 70 prisons.\nMany of Brazil's poorly managed prisons are lorded over by gangs that serve as de facto judges, jurors and executioners. A recent government report describes crumbling facilities where torture, sexual violence and beheading are rampant. In the notorious Pedrinhas penitentiary in Maranhao state, for example, some 60 inmates were brutally slain in 2013. More than 60 deaths were reported in the Pernambuco state prison system a few years earlier. Gangs also recruit most of their rank and file from prisons and organise their business from within their walls. Even Justice Minister Jose Eduardo Cardozo recently said he'd rather die than be condemned to a Brazilian prison.\nBrazil's penitentiaries are filling up faster than they can be built. Controversial privatisation efforts are far from keeping pace with the ever-increasing nu", "actly the same across a wide range of sizes and have it be effective for all of those, so Sunline now has three versions of Shooter.\nShooter Invisible and Shooter Metan Green are not changing. They will remain the same for the rest of 2013.\nShooter Fluorocarbon features include the following", "One of the most important things for me when it comes to cruising is how I actually get to the port of Southampton. I live more or less at the other end of the country so the cruise link service is vital, without it the only cruising I would be doing is down the River Tyne in a dinghy, not quite the same really, is it?\nI have used Eavesway Travel since 2010 and it\u2019s now a firm part of my cruise experience. The coach journey from Washington Services (my pick-up point with Eavesway) to the port of Southampton takes roughly 7 hours. It sounds like a long time I know, but I can honestly say it never feels as long as it is. All the coaches are very comfortable and more importantly, very spacious. I couldn\u2019t believe the amount of leg room between the seats when I first used the coach service. The driver will also usually take 2 comfort stops so this breaks the journey up nicely, gives you a chance to grab some food and stretch your legs. In all it\u2019s a very relaxed start to your cruise and I know a lot of people who stopped taking their cars to the port because the cruise link service was so convenient and reliable.\nBecause I rely on Eavesway, as I am sure many others do, I wanted to use today\u2019s blog to let you know about what\u2019s happening with their cruise link service in 2014. From April, they will offer a cruise link service for P&O Cruises, Cunard, Princess, Royal Caribbean, Celebrity Cruises and it was recently announced that Fred Olsen will also be on the list. Eavesway will also be freezing their 2013 prices until Ja", "What is happening at the Eisenhower Pool Main Lobby on February 1st where people can purchase raffle tickets", "Who is leaving TBWA\\Chiat\\Day LA to join Havas New York", "ycled materials on show. Judging will take place on Monday 27th November and the winner will be announced at assembly by our Litter and Waste team.\nGreen Schools News\nHarold Boys' Green Schools Committee", "What type of molasses was used in the recipe, and why was honey added", "What should you do with the news about celebs that you receive in your inbox", "What is the estimated number of children diagnosed with cerebral palsy each year and what are some common risk factors", "What were the primary effects of the LTTE's actions on social capital in Sri Lanka", "What are some advantages of using cryptocurrencies for online gambling according to the text", "ter 17 years of service. Judy was admired by her colleagues, and respected by her students; she would go to great lengths to help our international students master the English language, which can be a challenging task. My best wishes to Judy in her retirement.\nAs some colleagues depart, others arrive. Sidney Childs began his duties as associate provost for Student Affairs this week. He will have a few weeks to work alongside Merry Jo Brandimore before she retires. Sidney comes to us from Bowling Green State University in Ohio, his alma mater, where he had served for the past 23 years, most recently as interim vice president for student affairs. Sidney has led programs to enhance student retention and persistence to graduation, and we will look to him to lead similar efforts here and maintain the excellent student service our students have come to expect. As opportunity permits, please introduce yourself and welcome him to SVSU.\nWe enjoyed a nice event this week as the restaurant Cardinal\u2019s Nest opened for business, across the street from campus on Pierce Road. They hosted a fundraiser to support Alumni Legacy and Forever Red scholarships, and the event drew hundreds of faculty, staff, students and friends of SVSU. They may have even presented the recipe for one of their featured burgers, the Bachand. I look forward to trying it. My thanks to everyone who came to the event, and my best wishes to all our local businesses.\nFinally, I received a request from our recently retired colleague Gene Hamilton to share something with you in this Weekly Update. He was quite touched by everyone who attended the dedication ceremony for Hamilton Gymnasium. In his words:\n\u201cI have been overwhelmed with the outpouring of sentiments and recognition for my retirement. To have the gymnasium bear the \u2018Hamilton\u2019 name is truly an honor, and to have a special plaque included to acknowledge the contributions and commitment of my late wife, Mary Pat, was highly unexpected. My family deeply appreciates the love and respect of the entire Cardinal family. I will not be far away, and I expect to make frequent visits to campus to volunteer and to see my many friends \u2013 including you \u2013 and I will always be a faithful Cardinal. With love and sincere gratitude\" -- Gene Hamilton\nMay we all express similar sentiments when our days of service to SVSU are complete. Until such time, however, please keep up the good work and please enjoy your summer.", "What significant events is Brazil preparing to hold in 2014, and how has it been criticized in relation to these preparations", "Which country in the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has no legally required vacation days or holidays", "Friday, January 11, 2013\nI find great truth in the adage that the way we speak to our children becomes their inner voice, (while cringing with conviction at some of what I may have contributed in my yuckier moments of motherhood.) Recently, God has laid it on my heart to get serious about the messages that are being programmed into the hearts, minds and spirits of my offspring.\nPractically speaking, it has resulted in sentence writing becoming my preferred form of discipline. It has helped my own reactionary nature because I can walk away from a situation, contemplate the real issue at hand and write sentences, tailored specifically to the issue(s), laced with Scripture, encouragement and admonition. The child then copies the sentences a predetermined number of times.\nI love this strategy because it allows for the observance of another parenting pearl I adore: Rules without relationship always lead to rebellion. -Josh McDowell Our sentences generally start with a promise of God's love & their parents' love and wrap up with the same.\nBecause my strongest willed child seems to have inherited his Mama's mouth and hard headedness, we experience our fair share of run ins. Being somewhat secluded with none of our usual distractions and 'breaks' from one another", "What background did Julie Jacobson have before becoming a writer for CE Pro", "What activities did Allen engage in to prepare for the sale cattle and family events during the Christmas holiday", "nuary 1st 2015.\nI know they already offer a cruise link service for P&O Cruises, Princess and Cunard, but offering the service for the other cruise lines that homeport ships in Southampton can\u2019t come soon enough and I am very excited about it. It\u2019s going to give cruisers so much more choice when it comes to deciding which ship to pick and more importantly, take away the hassle of things like rail and longer journey options to and from the port.\nI have never had a bad experience with Eavesway or arrived at the port later than scheduled and best of all, I have never been ticked off for the fact my bags are usually over weight, OK! Always overweight! \ud83d\ude09 They have a 20kg weight limit per bag, however passengers can bring as much luggage as they like unless the cruise is over 21 nights in which case it is restricted to 3 cases per person.\nI would recommend Eavesway to everyone. If you usually drive to Southampton and park your car at the port then for your next cruise just give Eavesway a try, I am positive you will never use the car again. You meet your coach, your luggage is loaded for you and that\u2019s the last time you will see it until it magically appears outside your cabin. It\u2019s so hassle free that even if you lose your ticket it doesn\u2019t matter because they will have you on their list. It really couldn\u2019t be any more convenient.\nThis is the link to the Eavesway 2013 newsletter. It contains information on fare prices for 2014, new pick up points for 2014 and contact information should you require any further information", "How is the visibility of Visitor IP addresses controlled in Piwik Analytics Live! API", "What events did the mother and her children attend before the dinner with friends", "What is Miles' attitude toward the family's move and how does his demeanor help during this transition", "me makes the economy less efficient. \u201cLeaving earned days on the table,\u201d he argues, \u201charms, not helps, employers by creating a less productive and less loyal employee.\u201d\nIt seems that the American work ethic and job worries provide an unhealthy pressure, making them less likely to take time off. When Americans do take time off, many of them still answer emails and complete other work-related tasks. This all-work mentality has serious implications for companies, employees, and the overall economy.\nA report in Forbes concluded that if employees took an additional day off each year, the U.S. economy would benefit with an extra $73 billion in output and advantages to both employees and businesses.\nBenefits of Holidays\nThere are many obvious benefits to vacations. Individuals often mention feeling more relaxed, productive, and happy. There is also research that shows that annual holidays significantly decrease the risk of heart attacks in both men and women. Vacationers also report lower blood pressure, improved mental health, less stress, and enhanced energy.\nCompanies with individuals who take time off also experience lower burnout rates and higher retention. Nevertheless, according to National Geographic, don\u2019t look for quick solutions immediately after a vacation. The study shows that the recuperative benefits of a vacation start kicking in after two weeks.\nSo\u2026stop reading this and take some time off!\nFor more information on how to take care of your health\u2013in general, and while traveling\u2013visit the Health & Fitness Archives.\nBy Justin Shamtoob for PeterGreenberg.com", "What are the main issues facing higher education according to the text", "mbers of detainees. Overcrowding and poor conditions have been repeatedly condemned by the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights. But with a dizzying average of 3,000 new incarcerations each month, the situation is becoming more horrendous by the day. The Brazilian criminal justice and penal system has been repeatedly criticised for its failings, including by Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, Conectas and Justica Global, not least for violating the government's legal responsibility to protect human rights.\nNot all of Brazil's incarcerated population suffers equally. The penal system is intrinsically elitist. The minority of detainees with a university diploma or public connections are often issued separate cells and better conditions. The poor are seldom afforded such treatment. One study found that more than 80 per cent of prisoners could not afford to hire a lawyer. Making matters worse, there are no public defenders in more than 70 per cent of all judicial jurisdictions. It's hardly surprising, then, that those killed in custody tend to be poorer Brazilians, a sobering finding of the United Nations special rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions.\nA rash of federal and state investigations has confirmed that the penal system is disastrously overcrowded, stacked against the poor and rife with police brutality. So why do the deplorable conditions persist? One reason may be that Brazilian society tolerates the status quo. Criminals, so the argument goes, are simply unworthy of public concern. Opinion polls confirm that many Brazilians support tough penalties, prefer punishment over rehabilitation and accept that police abuses may occur. And Brazil's politicians lack not the material resources but the political and moral resolve to do the right thing.\nTurning around Brazil's backward penal system will require a dramatic shift in public attitudes. If popular pressure is applied on politicians, entrenched resistance can be overcome. But real change requires political leadership. President Dilma Rousseff, who was imprisoned and tortured during the dictatorship era, pledged to improve prison conditions. Sadly, she has yet to move the agenda forward.\nIf she does, reforms should focus on reducing overcrowding and improving conditions. At the federal level, much-needed changes in drug legislation could drastically reduce the nonviolent-offender caseload. States should be encouraged to adopt alternatives to pretrial detention and invest in non-custodial sentencing and rehabilitation programs.\nEven Justice Minister Jose Eduardo Cardozo recently said he'd rather die than be condemned to a Brazilian prison.\nThe justice system need not be reinvented. What is required is the implementation of key provisions of the constitution, not least the safeguarding of basic rights that all Brazilians are entitled to.\nLos Angeles Times", "mal behavioural norms or even the establishment of site-specific policing, security and vigilante services (Wall & Williams 2007).\nJohnson and Post (1996) used net-federalism to describe the decentralised regulatory nature of the internet. Figure 1 indicates this model can be easily adapted to explain regulatory approaches in 3dves.\nUnder the net-federalism model, layers of site-specific governance are developed by user communities within the 3dve platform. These are overlaid by the platform's ToS and EULAs which, in turn, co-exist with four generic forms of regulatory control to promote good conduct and site security: formal law, market forces, informal norms and digital code (Lessig 1999).\nRecent law enforcement literature indicates decentralised policing and security arrangements exist in all realms of contemporary social life. This tends to occur when conventional forms of centralised policing no longer meet the crime prevention needs of diverse communities (Shearing & Wood 2003), or where 'opportunistic' forms of third-party policing evolve to support specific interests of the state or concerned social groups (Mazerolle & Ransley 2006).\nThe sheer technical sophistication and variety of digital coding mechanisms and site-specific conduct norms to identify and prevent harmful activity also ensure considerable levels of 'responsibilisation' are actively promoted by the very structure of 3dve platforms (O'Malley & Palmer 1996). This means individual users or user-groups do not require extensive scrutiny or intervention by formal justice agencies or site administrators in response to the majority of 3dve harms. Provided they have the technical knowledge, user groups are arguably best situated to develop viable forms of digital coding or site-specific norms to prevent harm to digital infrastructure or other users (Wall & Williams 2007).\nA typology of 3dve harm\nIn a decentralised and highly technical environment with high levels of user 'responsibilisation' for harm identification, prevention and the development of appropriate norms of good conduct, there is considerable uncertainty surrounding role of the criminal law in these multi-user platforms. This uncertainty is compounded by the wide range of regulatory choices available to users, confusion over the real-world implications of much of the behaviour within 3dves, the transnational appeal and jurisdictional uncertainties associated with these emerging media and the broader lack of empirical research documenting how 3dve users perceive issues relating to harm, risk, safety and governance.\nThe body of knowledge on each of these issues is so recent that it is premature to speculate on the ideal role of the criminal law in this field. Nevertheless, a basic typology of harms associated with 3dve use can help to clarify the various regulatory and harm-prevention strategies available to individuals, user communities and formal justice agencies.\nTable 1 outlines a graded series of harms associated with 3dve use, ranging from behaviours with purely in-world implications considered too trivial to warrant formal action, to those with clearly actionable consequences under the criminal law. Within these extremes, a grey area of inter-real harms bridges the virtual and the real. Inter-real harms differ from conventional cybercrimes due to the peculiarly immersive character of 3dve technologies. How 3dve users view the severity of these harms is the most appropriate measure of the ideal regulatory approach in any given case.\nHarms mediated by the technical or coding mechanisms facilitated by the platform should remain subject to current disciplinary and complaints processes established by platform administrators or under ToS agreements. For example, while activities such as digital cloning might generate fears that 3dves facilitate widespread and persistent identity thefts, systematic frauds, obscene behaviour or predatory real-world conduct (Wall 2008; Yar 2008), these nuisances are best prevented through rigorous internal digital coding modifications or informal policing, enforcement and dispute resolution methods (Wall & Williams 2007).\n|Types of harm||Conduct||Proposed outcome|\n|Purely in-world harm||Cloning, theft, appropriation or damage to digital property of limited value or which can be easily replaced, breach of gaming rules (cheating), innocuous harassment, obscenity (flying genitalia, bots)||Internal regulation by user groups (including eviction), ToS, EULAs or formal discipline, methods of coding to prevent harm developed by platform managers|\n|Inter-real harm||Conduct affecting avatars or property with real world physical or economic consequences: includes virtual rape, assault, sexual harassment, fraud and deception, destruction of property, abusive or threatening speech||Real-world impact must be measurable and substantial to justify formal intervention beyond the ToS, EULA and site management complaint processes|\n|Criminal harm||Conspiracies or threats to engage in crime against the person, property, the state, communication networks or children: includes stalking, privacy, piracy and copyright violations, money laundering, disabling or tampering with 3dve platforms||Conventional criminal laws subject to jurisdictional issues and the severity or prevalence of the conduct. Internet Service Providers or platform managers to provide evidence of real-world offending|\nThe rape of an avatar may produce some real-world physical discomfort or shock among unsuspecting or novice users (Boellstorff 2008: 189). This could be prevented through modifying simulation codes, in- or real-world counselling to deal with psychological or emotional harms or improved education about recognised risks for new 3dve users. Formal criminal intervention would only have a place if an appreciable and measurable effect on the real-world victim could be established, or if the violation clearly falls under the established criminal provisions targeting harmful online conduct (Criminal Code 1995 Part 10.6).\nSimilarly, most cases of financial deception or the purchase of faulty virtual goods in 3dves will involve a minor in-world financial penalty in the order of Linden$10. Market force and greater education for vulnerable users will play a more useful harm-prevention role than the enforcement of ToS agreements or any formal legal provisions.\nIn contrast, systematic and organised scams aimed at using 3dves as a means of making illicit profits or for laundering real- and virtual-world money clearly have coverage under existing criminal laws. Here, the major complexity lies in assessing the scale of harm to justify a formal criminal investigation. In such cases, Internet Service Providers and platform administrators would provide crucial support to investigators aiming to establish a successful prosecution satisfying the criminal burden of proof.\nThe various strands associated with harm, safety, immersion and regulation in 3dves greatly extend our conventional understanding of cybercrime. Three pertinent issues should underscore future research in this field.\nThe first involves enhancing our understanding of the nature of harm within multi-user 3dve platforms. Our preliminary typology and the work of ENISA (2008) provide useful starting points. ENISA's detailed report recommended the development of industry-wide standards to prevent intellectual property violations, spamming, poor user authentication procedures, automated attacks and in-world harassment, along with greater legal clarity of each of these issues.\nFuture research should also assess perceptions of harm, risk and appropriate educational and prevention strategies amongst 3dve users. This is crucial, given most calls for increased regulation of new technologies are made by those with little direct experience or understanding of how they are used or how they might cause harm (Wall 2008; Yar 2008).\nSecond, the Internet Safety Technical Task Force (2008) at Harvard Universit", "What situation made it difficult to discern whether Kim Kardashian was wearing a bra", "ian targets, child recruitment and kidnapping, and\nThe LTTE randomly targeted women and children, rural communities,\nplaces of worship, and mass transportation including trains, buses and\nbus stations. Babies were separated from breast feeding mothers and\nhacked to death.\nTheir violence was random and unprovoked.\nTheir purpose was to cause havoc through random fear. This was their\nmorality. But at what cost! Do any events that happened in the past\njustify this horrific violence against innocent Sri Lankans?\nThe worst consequence of LTTE terrorist campaign has been the\ndestruction of our long-developed social capital.\nFor example, personal relations between friends, neighbours and\nfamilies have been affected due to growing mistrust and suspicion among\nethnic groups, police and community relations have suffered due to\ndetachment of police from the community, political leaders have become\nisolated from the public, people have lost access to their\nrepresentatives and public servants, barriers have prevented free\nmovement and socialization, multi community integration through\nparticipation at religious ceremonies such as Vesak and Madu\ncelebrations and visits to multi religious places of worship such as\nKataragama, Sri Pada and Anuradhapura have been adversely affected, and\npeople have kept away from large community gatherings due to fear of\nLoss of contact among people and between communities have affected\nindividual and collective productivity due to loss of employment, trade\nSocial functions such as Shrama Dana, through which people help each\nother with various projects by donating labour, have ceased. Many\nsocial, cultural and public institutions have crumbled under the weight\nAs a result of LTTE terror, communities that have the capacity to\npeacefully co-exist have become sharply divided and grown suspicious of\neach other. Violence has become a common norm in some urban areas. There\nis a decline of civic engagement and our social and cultural\ninstitutions have begun to crumble. Consequently it has created a\npolitical culture that is authoritative and repressive. This\ntransformation seems to have occurred during the last three decades at\nan accelerated pace. What should a democratically elected Government do\nunder these circumstances?\nSuccessive governments in the last three decades have attempted to\ntackle the LTTE problem.\nThey have attempted military and non-military options including peace\nnegotiations and the introduction of new constitutional and legal\nframeworks. None of these were successful for various reasons. Peace\nnegotiations were unsuccessful mainly due to lack of forthright dealing\nby the LTTE.\nFinally the present Government led by President Mahinda Rajapaksa has\nmanaged to wipe out LTTE terror from Sri Lanka by acting with laster\nlike focus and sheer determination on the task at hand.\nThe feat of the LTTE and the eradication of terrorism from our soil\nare significant historical events because the major cause of the\ndissipation and destruction of social capital has been removed.\nWe have reached an important milestone in our history. Presently we\nare passing through a time when the hard fought victories against\nvicious terror must be solidified to ensure that terrorism will never\nagain raise its ugly head in Sri Lanka.\nWe have suffered enough. It is crucial that every peace loving Sri\nLankan bond together with the Government in its effort to guarantee\neverlasting peaceful co-existence under one banner of unity.\nOtherwise all of the valuable lives, limbs and property lost and the\nsorrow of families disjointed and scattered in the last three decades,\nand the valiant efforts of those who fought will be in vain. May not the\nlives and tearers of innocent mothers, fathers and children go to waste.\nIt will be the worst crime against humanity ever in the history of\nObviously rebuilding social capital by improving trust among and\nwithin communities and by improving the sense of personal security takes\nmore hard work than building economic capital.\nNevertheless building social capital will enhance personal and\ncollective productivity, bring lasting peace and prosperity, and improve\nthe quality of life of every Sri Lankan citizen.\nCrushing the LTTE terrorism militarily was a daunting task that\nrequired enormous sacrifices and hard work.\nNow, the same leadership can take us to a resurgent Sri Lanka through\nbuilding social capital on a foundation of national unity. Social\ncapital can be revitalised through economic development and through\nsocial and legal frameworks. First I will discuss economic development.\nNow that the military war is over it is time to rearrange budgetary\npriorities and spend the war capital wisely.\nIn this respect it is laudable to note that the Government in\ncooperation with the private sector has already embarked on various\ndevelopment projects aimed at erecting infrastructures, building homes,\nschools and places of worship in the areas of the North and East that\nhave been seriously affected by war.\nIn addition, various development schemes are under way to bring\neconomic well being to rural areas specially in the dry zone and at the\nperiphery that have been neglected for a long period of time.\nSuccessive Governments of Sri Lanka have neglected development at the\nperiphery. Industrialization has focused around urban centres.\nTo be continued tomorro", "bout 1 in 400 births (which means about 1,800 children, from all social backgrounds and ethnic groups, are diagnosed every year, and about 250 per year in the region in which Pace is based). Common risk factors include premature and multiple births. Cerebral palsy is often not diagnosed until developmental milestones are observed to be delayed (typically 3-18 months).", "Pest Control >\nChemical decorating directory\nArgentine Ants Carpenter Ants Fire Ants Ant Bait and Ant Control Techniques\nMost effective ant bait solution, easy to use and really kills ants and eleminates ants colony.\n|Blue Diamond Distribution\nMost Effective Roach and Ant Control Products available in the world. Safer-for-Everyone. See how easy it is to Do It Yourself!\n|Bug Off Pest Control Center\nPest Control Center- Bug Off Pest Control Center -'Everything in Pest Control' Providing pest control, pest control products, pest control training, and pest control certification. We're licensed, registered and insured. Mice, rats, termites, roaches, mouse.\n|D and D Chemical\nManufacture & Distributor of environmental products & Services.\n|D'BugLady Pest Ma", "What measures are being taken to address the parking shortages for Gautrain users at the Centurion, Pretoria, and Rhodesfield stations", "What are some benefits of taking time off from work according to the text", "han restate what her company is doing visit her website to see if this technology of tomorrow works for you today.\nBasically by building a modular house in a factory you can achieve a lot of efficient building designs but it's combination of all the parts: solar, highest hurricane standards, steel construction etc. that truly makes the difference.\nPlease contact me for all of your residential and commercial real estate needs.\nSignature International Real Estate\n561 699 300", "Who are the elected Form Class Representatives for the class 9CJ", "What is the potential consequence of aggressive removal of scarring after a radical prostatectomy", "What contribution has the Saul and Theresa Esman Foundation made to support the UHealth's Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center", "-Griffin\nWhat\u2019s Your Reaction?\nThanks for your reaction\nDon\u2019t forget to share this with your friends!\nEnjoy the latest news on the celebs you love in your inbox", "Excel Desk Lamp\nSpare and economical in form, Excel is a family of fixtures made from simple, elegant structures with illuminated shades. Inspired by the colorful lines and charts of the software pro", "What is the price for 25 raffle tickets and how can payments be made", "uiz where you win free spins. Each coin has two sides, and cryptocurrencies are no exception.\nThank you for your feedback!\nThere are many markets in many different sports to choose from, including in play betting. Three row five reel 25 payline masterpiece filled with drinks, chips, money, cards, jewelry, pit bosses, and all things Casino. Although, there\u2019s an increasing number of them are offering other cryptocurrencies. That can obviously lead to some big wins. Game follows all that to the letter and gives you a wholesome community heavy gambling experience. The writer of this article is a user of the products or services mentioned in this article and was not influenced by the respective owners.\nA Bitcoin represents a certain value, similar to normal money. Amazingly, the casino games have an RNG software chip that makes the casino\u2019s games fair. After all, if something goes wrong, how do you get your money back when all transactions are untraceable by name. But with Bitcoin, you only need a digital wallet and an internet connection. TV, BGaming, and CT Gaming Interactive. Live dealer games are geo restricted, though.\nVarious new developments within the Dutch iGaming market\nIf you\u2019re lucky enough, you can go home with your pockets filled with cryptocoins. Now, the preferred, reliable and trustworthy authorities on the planet of online gambling are UK Gambling Commission and the Malta Gambling Authority. Keno \u2013 It highly resembles a lottery game, so gamblers are generally familiar with it. You can claim a 100% deposit bonus of up to 5 BTC here. Gambling resources from our ranking of best bitcoin casinos in 2023 strive to process user transactions as fast as possible. Crypto sports betting sites eliminate all the gambling problems that many gamblers wish to place bets from every corner of the world. As one of the best Bitcoin slots sites, BC. Provably fair games allow players to check fairness manually by themselves. Mobile Compatibility 5/5.\nFirst, the casino has a big library of bright slots with distinctive vibes. But the opposite can also happen while gambling at the best crypto casino sites. You\u2019ll be introduced to some of the hottest games as soon as you enter the immersive website. We hope our in depth analysis of the best Bitcoin casinos provides you with enough information to decide on which Bitcoin gambling platform is best for you. Come over to 7Bit Casino and receive a gift for a newcomer. Perfect for getting a great start to your online crypto gaming. That with blackjack in it. We have tested 36 games, and the finest picks from Stake slots are the following three titles.\nRegular Payment Methods\nOn the blockchain, there are portals that offer 100% RTP games for their players, Edgeless being one of those rare, but existing platforms. You can bet using top cryptocurrencies, as well as Euros and US Dollars. Then, another advantage of using this Bitcoin casino is the 100% bonus of up to 1 BTC + free spin as well as its rewarding VIP program that enables users to get constant bonuses, cash backs, and other benefits. If you no longer want to receive our occasional offers and news, you may opt out at any time. Playing in a responsible manner is also a fun manner. The real Baccarat mentioned above strategies do not 100% guarantee to win Baccarat games but will help you go a long way to enhance your odds of winning. This can turn a lot of people off, though, because the process looks daunting. High on our list is Kryptosino casino, one of the newest casinos having launched in 2022.\nNavigating Crypto Taxes Made Easy and Cheap: Meet Cryptiony\nFortunately for free bitcoin hunters there is still a couple of casinos with bitcoin faucets. The brand is quite reputable according to numerous Bitcoin casino reviews and users\u2019 comments. The system creates its own encryption codes automatically and prohibits any meddling. Blackjack is a casino staple. This crypto casino offers a Bitcoin welcome bonus worth 300% up to $3,000 150% up to $1,500 for poker and 150% up to $1,500 for the casino. The quickest is, of course, to exchange it for fiat currency.\nIn summary, FortuneJack is a great online Bitcoin casino to play, and constantly adds new and interesting games and sports to their casino. StETH is now available to all players who want to place a bet using staked coins. Giving the casino your name and email address is one thing. If you\u2019re looking to purchase Dogecoin, we\u2019d recommend using an exchange like Binance. So, more than enough reasons to scroll through this post. If you are making a deposit on your computer, you may want to grab your cell phone for this part. Although wagering requirements are higher than others to withdraw the bonus \u2013 100x.\nHow can I buy Bitcoin in United Arab Emirates?\nWe understand why players may be hesitant when picking Bitcoin as their casino deposit method. For more information, you can read our Bitstarz Casino Review or visit Bitstarz Casino. Because they use crypto, crypto casinos have low or no transaction fees. Their is no limit to how much Sportsbetting. Ignition was launched in 2016 and had been accepting Bitcoin as a payment method ever since. Read our review of Bitcoin Casino bonuses to learn how deposit bonus deals work. The introduction of innovative solutions produces major shifts in many industries, and the growing interest in cryptocurrencies in the online casino sector is no exception. From Bitcoin to Litecoin and ETH and even a few altcoins in between, you\u2019re sure to find a casino from this list that will meet your crypto gambling needs. The first thing you need to do to do when BTC betting is to set up a Bitcoin wallet. Megaslot\u2019s payments are fast, and low to no fees are charged for each transaction. Here are a few pointers and warning signs for you.\nThere are different tables for casual players and high rollers, so make sure you choose one suited to your betting style. The shortlist below will give you free spins absolutely voluntarily. If you\u2019re looking for the brick and mortar casino experience from the comfort of your own home, PartyCasino also has over 75 different games to play, powered by Playtech and Evolution Gaming. When we say \u201cDream Big, Win Bigger\u201d you can be sure that we mean every word. In addition, the casino offers a wide range of promotions and bonuses for both new and existing players, including a generous 100% welcome bonus of up to 5000 USDT and ongoing promotions such as free spins and reload bonuses. So now the old dude is back to gambling. Disclaimer: Some of these casino reviews feature sponsored content. The site has a game library of over eight hundred slots brought to you by Amatic, Spinomenal, Betsoft, and others. For bettors that live in countries with restrictions on gambling, the anonymity bitcoin offers can be an appealing prospect. Cryptocurrency payments offer a lower cost alternative for all involved. As such, if you plan to play live casino games, it is highly recommended that you find a Bitcoin casino that features a live chat for players. If a Bitcoin transaction is blocked, it\u2019s most likely because you\u2019re trying to send the wrong cryptocurrency to the wrong wallet address. Among table games, Dice games are also a favorite, and crypto enthusiasts can play Bitcoin Dice. Overall, the crypto options reign supreme with Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Cardano, Chainlink, Doge, Ethereum, Lite Coin, Ripple, Tether, and USD coin all available here.", "What type of products does Monterey Lawn and Garden offer", "Green=Spending Green Sunday, August 10, 2008\nPickled Eggs Wednesday, April 05, 2006\nSpice Rack Challenge August: Cumin Saturday, July 30, 2011\nDisconnected Saturday, November 20, 2010\nSalsa Fest 2006 Sunday, September 10, 2006\nSo, if you are new to my blog, check them out. These are the ones, when I read them, still make me laugh or at least in one case cry. I hope you like them as much as I do...", "All the Times You Just Couldn't Look Away From Kim Kardashian's Cleavage\n9 of 26\nThat Time You Couldn't Tell If She Was Wearing a Bra or Not\nGetty / Ignat/Bauer", "What has the author done in their career before entering real estate", "- Head of social Larry Lac is leaving to join Havas New York\n- Executive director of integrated production Richard O\u2019Neill left earlier this month\nThese are only the latest changes atop the TBWA\\Chiat\\Day LA team, most prominent among them being the appoin", "Which popular brand of ice cream bars was highlighted in the E-Score survey as most associated with summer", "Who was appointed to replace the outgoing president Carisa Bianchi", "ow Electronic House\nJulie Jacobson is co-founder of EH Publishing and currently spends most of her time writing for CE Pro, mostly in the areas of home automation, networked A/V and the business of home systems integration. She majored in Economics at the University of Michigan, earned an MBA from the University of Texas at Austin, and has never taken a journalism class in her life. Julie is a washed-up Ultimate Frisbee player with the scars to prove it. Follow her on Twitter @juliejacobson.\nFREE Charter Platinum Membership\nClaim your FREE Charter Platinum Membership to EH Network and receive 6 FREE issues of EH Magazine.*\nWe understand your email address is private. By granting you access to the EH Network, you agree to receive email communications from us, including our newsletters. You can manage your subscription at any time in the future.\n* The new EH Network launches and your free subscription begins December 2014.\nCommenting is not available in this weblog entry", "Leaders focus on a resurgent Sri Lanka:\nBuilding social capital on the foundation of national unity\nThe following are excerpts from this year\u2019s D.\nA. Rajapaksa memorial oration delivered on November 11 at the BMICH by\nProfessor Karunaratne Hangawatte of the Department of Criminal Justice,\nUniversity of Nevada, Las Vegas, US.\nI am honoured humbled by the invitation to deliver this year\u2019s Hon.\nD.A. Rajapaksa oration on this solemn occasion commemorating the life\nand legacy of the late Mr. Rajapaksa.\nThis year\u2019s commemoration ceremony is very significant, because the\nyear 2009 marks an important milestone of the history of Sri Lanka.\nDriven by the legacy of the Late D.A. Rajapaksa, his progeny have led\nthe way to finally free the nation from the grip of violent and vicious\nterror that has plagued Sri Lanka for several decades.\nIt is no secret that the national and international community stands\nin gratitude and salutes Your Excellency for your unwavering leadership,\nour defense leaders and personnel for their enormous sacrifices, the\npublic servants, and the civic community that bore the burdens of untold\nThe concept of social capital\nThe late Hon. D.A. Rajapaksa has left an exemplary legacy of public\nservice and a set of values rooted in Sri lankan heritage.\nSri Lankan heritage is rooted in Buddhism, and is influenced by the\nphilosophical doctrines and practices of Hinduism, Christianity and\nIt is particularly characterised by the values of compassion, unity\nand caring for others.\nOver the last three decades LTTE terrorism has for the most part\nretarded this legacy, destroyed the economy and economic development,\nand severely damaged the social capital of Sri Lanka.\nPresident Mahinda Rajapaksa has a sharp intellect that is\nnative to rural folks of Sri Lanka\nSocial capital in this context refers to social networks, community\nand civic order that strengthen and integrate communities while helping\nindividuals achieve their goals. In this sense social networks have\nvalue just the same way economic capital has value.\nSocial capital comprises the networks of association and cohesion\nThese include social, cultural and community networks, and community\nrelations that foster trust and a sense of belonging.\nThe norms, values and networks developed within and between different\nethnic and religious communities, and the personal relationships that\naid in achieving community goals can generally be conceptualized as\nsocial capital. Social contacts that occur through social networking\nhave value because they affect both individual and collective\nSocial capital is not a single explanation or variable, it is how\ninformal human social relationships are important to the quality of life\nof the entire community.\nJust as economic capital and investment brings economic riches,\nsocial capital building by improving social networks and cohesion\nimproves the quality of life for everyone throughout the country.\nThe next logical step is to eradicate any lingering terrorist\nenvironments and violent ideologies from our culture and society.\nIn this respect it is very heartening to notice that, in the noblest\ntraditions of our heritage, President Mahinda Rajapaksa has no dedicated\nthe legacy and the spirit of public service that he has inherited from\nhis father, the late D.A. Rajapaksa to develop \u201csocial capital\u201d through\nunity. In my view, carrying the military defeat of terrorism to its\nultimate goal of establishing peace, unity and prosperity through social\ncapital building will be the best celebration of the life of late D.A.\nOver the course of centuries Sri Lankan communities have been bound\nin cohesion and enriched social capital.\nSri Lanka is a multi-ethnic, multi-religious and multi-cultural\nsociety. Buddha preached (Atthahi Atthano Natho) the importance of\ncompassion towards others while having faith in self and the importance\nof self examination of truths. The Bhagwad Gita is a set of teachings\nabout the performance of one\u2019s duties, without attachment and without\nany heed to the rewards that might follow. It is a sense of duty towards\nour fellow beings, both human and non human. The Biblical concept of\ncovenant teaches love, loyalty, responsibility, and compassion among\nthose who join in covenantal relationships. It is a bond of belonging.\nNorth African Scholar Ibn Khaldun referred to asabiyya, an Arabic term\nfor the spirit of kinship or social bonding in fourteenth century Islam.\nHuman relationships in Sri Lanka are heavily influenced by these\nethos and values that are built into our mixed heritage.\nThis is our heritage and it runs in our blood. Our heritage has\nevolved over thousands of years. Colonial influences could not destroy\nThe Sri Lankan people have weathered foreign invasions, incursions\nand encroachments, and various communities have lived together in\nharmony for centuries bound by a common social experience.\nLTTE terrorism and social capital\nThe strength of Sri Lankan social capital has gradually developed and\nshined through thousands of years. But it has been weakened and damaged\nby the LTTE in just three decades.\nLTTE routinely perpetrated horrific violence against innocent\ncivilians of every communal and religious group of the country.\nThese violent crimes include large scale massacres, murder,\ndecapitation, drug smuggling, gun running, violent suppression of\ndissent, bombing civil", "bas, Emanuel Gorges|\n|9SL||Brooklyn Leota, Callum Gibling|\n|9SN||Renee Pearce, Casey Norman|\n|9WG||Stella Lu, Benjamin Murdoch|\nAt their first meeting, the group elected Callum Gibling and Nikaiah Basabas as the school council representatives. Congratulations to these two! In the school council, each Year Level is represented by two members and the group meets regularly to discuss and deal with matters relating to the student body.", "e tickets are $20 for 25 tickets, and $50 for 75 tickets. Only checks or credit card payments will be accepted.\nTo be eligible for the raffles, you must engage with a friend who is attending Casino Night and who will you drop your tickets into the baskets and take the baskets home with them on Friday night. All baskets must be taken home Friday night or they will be forfeited.\nThanks again for your support.\nLong Island Aquatic Clu", "ted cleaning the house from top to bottom for Christmas Eve. Went to the grocery store early to get items for the holiday weekend. I seem to be very slow this year with my fall cleaning so have been trying to catch up the past month washing curtains, windows and scrubbing down walls and floors. Seems to be more work than usual with my hip problem. Allen worked in the barn cleaning and repairing supplies they will need for the sale next week. Allen washed the cows that will be in the sale next week. After they are washed, he uses a blower that is like a giant hair dryer and blows the cows dry. The cows hair must be clean for clipping. The sale cattle and calves are kept in pens in the show barn where the manure is cleaned each morning and evening. This helps keep the cattle clean. The vet was coming today around 4:00 to check over the sale cattle and leave the health papers needed for the sale. After the vet left, Allen put out more round bales and finished feeding the cows. Checked the waterers and tanks and picked pens in the show barn. This cold weather means busting ice in mornings and evenings in the water tanks, thank goodness we only have a few that we use now since we put in the automatic waterer. Allen in the house by 6:30, steak for dinner. Carrie called later in evening. They have been clipping on their sale cattle and have had buyers out at farm for steer calves. Something broke on their large tractor loader that they use to put out round bales, she said it was $6000 to fix it. Costly equipment repairs can really hurt!\nFriday, December 24, 2010\nAnother cold morning. Allen up early to get his chores done before Scott comes out to clip. Allen had the cows ready for clipping when Scott arrived around 10:00. They stopped for a quick bite of lunch and clipped until about 3:00. The 2 cows are clipped and ready to go for the sale. Allen and Scott are very pleased with how they look and hopeful they sell well in the sale. My sister and family, along with Scott, Sheri and Cole are coming over for Christmas Eve. We have been following the weather all day since they were calling for snow. My sister is traveling from near Hillsboro and worried about the drive home. I cleaned and made cookies. Made all the other goodies we were having for the evening. Allen finished his chores for the day and in the house around 4:30. Had a very nice evening with family and enjoyed opening gifts and just visiting. We all enjoyed watching Cole open gifts and the expression on his face. We bought him a new coat for Christmas that has Minges Show Cattle on the back and his name on the front. He had to wear it for a while then finally decided he was getting hot and took it off. We have been showing and selling cattle as Minges Show Cattle since 1989 and our kids always enjoyed having coats with our name on it. Good advertising! We played games and everyone went home around 10:30. Roads were in good shape and we only had a dusting of snow.\nSaturday, December 25, 2010\nMerry Christmas! Allen up early to feed. Even on holidays, the livestock is fed just like any other day and chores have to be done. Allen worked in barn for a while getting more supplies ready that will be loaded into our livestock trailer. I baked a pie that I was taking over to my parents for lunch with family. Allen finished his chores we left for my parents around noon. Like always at my parents, too much food and too many gifts! Allen left their house around 4:00 to go home and do his evening chores before we headed up to his sister's house for the Minges Christmas get-together. Carrie was not able to make it home for Christmas but we talked with her before we left for the day. They will be spending Christmas Day at the Baker family and also spending part of the day clipping cattle. Scott, Sheri and Cole came to my parents late in the afternoon after spending the day with her family. Cole fell asleep on the trip there, worn out from all the presents and excitment. They went to the Minges side and we all went home around 10:00.\nSunday, December 26, 2010\nAllen up early to do the feeding and put out round bales. He washed the bred heifer that will sell in the sale and blew her dry so that Scott could clip her later that morning. Bitter cold today and the wind is really whipping around. Snow blowing over the roads. Scott and Allen clipped until around 3:00. They decided to wait until Monday to clip the open heifer. After clipping, they started loading supplies on our livestock trailer. Our dog Chloe, an Australian Shepherd, is Allen's shadow when he is out doing the chores. She likes to know what is going on. We originally bought her for Scott to go with his working border collie dog Jake. She was only out at Scott's for a few months, she liked to chase birds more than anything and was a distraction for his dog. Scott's cattle dog is really something to watch. He is his right-hand man and we credit him with saving Scott from serious injury a few years ago. Scott was loading several large bulls on a trailer when one of the bulls kicked back full force as he was trying to latch the door, hitting Scott in the forehead and knocking him out. His dog kept the bulls from stepping back off the trailer onto Scott until someone could get there to get him out of the way. Scott was okay, he just had stitches all the way across his forehead. You always have to be careful around cattle, especially bulls and cows with calves. We have raised a few bulls, but generally castrate our bull calves and sell them for steers. We just don't have the facilities to accommodate bulls and I don't like them around. Allen finished his evening chores and in the house early. We had to go to Harrison and get new bulbs for the lights they will use at the sale and decided to eat while we were down there. Carrie called in the evening to say they were just returning from picking up heifers on the eastern side of Indy. They will be clipping non-stop until Tuesday morning to have all the cattle ready. Glad the weather forecast shows warmer weather on Thursday. They will have to wash, blow-dry and fit 20 head of cattle before the 1:00 PM sale, which means they will probably start around 3:00 AM or earlier", "When will the judging take place for the recycled materials", "tment of Luis DeAnda to replace outgoing president Carisa Bianchi two weeks ago following a round of cuts that occurred back in March.\nWe have no word on where O\u2019Neill is going or who will fill either of the now-vacant positions. Updates as we receive them", "How can you view the visitor IP addresses in Piwik", "What plans are being proposed to address overcrowding on existing train routes", "nsights related to trends and their impact on the market. The report also provides a comprehensivevalue chain analysis for the edutainment market.\nGlobal Edutainment Market: Research Methodology\nThe research methodology is a perfect combination of primary research, secondary research, and expert panel reviews. Secondary research sources such as annual reports, company websites, broker reports, financial reports, SEC filings and investor presentations, national government documents, internal and external proprietary databases, statistical databases, relevant patent and regulatory databases, market reports, government publications, statistical databases, World Bank database, and industry white papers are usuallyreferred.\nPrimary research involves telephonic interviews, e-mail interactions, and face-to-face interviews for detailed and unbiased reviews on the edutainment market,across geographies. Primary interviews are usually conducted on an ongoing basis with industry expertsand participants in order to get latest market insights and validate the existing data and analysis. Primary interviews offer firsthand information on important factors such as market trends, market size, competitive landscape, growth trends, and outlook, etc. These factors help to validate and strengthen secondary research findings and also help to develop the analysis team\u2019s expertise and market understanding. Moreover, the data collected and analyzed from secondary and primary research is again discussed and examined by our expert panel.\nGlobal Edutainment market: Competitive Dynamics\nThe research study includes profiles of leading companies operating in the global edutainment market. Some of the key players profiled include Kidzania, Legoland Discovery Center, Kindercity, Plabo, Pororo Parks, CurioCity, Totter's Otterville, Mattel Play! Town, Little Explorers, and Kidz Holding S.A.L.\nThe edutainment market has been segmented as below:\nMarket Segmentation: Global Edutainment market\nBy Gaming Type\nBy Facility Size\n5,001 to 10,000 Sq. Ft.\n10,001 to 20,000 Sq. Ft.\n20,001 to 40,000 Sq. Ft.\n> 40,000 Sq. Ft.\nBy Revenue Source\nEntry Fees & Tickets\nFood & Beverages\nBy Visitor Demographics\nChildren (0-12 years)\nTeenager (13-18 years)\nYoung adult (19-25 years)\nAdult (25+ years)\nIn addition, the report provides analysis of the edutainment market with respect to the following geographic segments:\nRest of North America\nRest of Western Europe\nRest of Eastern Europe\nAsia Pacific (APAC)\nAustralia & New Zealand\nRest of Asia Pacific\nMiddle East & Africa (MEA)\nRest of MEA\nRest of South America\nLeaders in analytics, research and advisory services for Fortune 500 companies, scores of high potential startups, and financial institutions. Our success stories have proven why we are a prominent provider of a cutting-edge syndicated and customized research services. Leverage the best of our seasoned research analysts who had a keen interest and enviable expertise of almost 4 million hours in global, regional, and local market intelligence", "What services does the Bug Off Pest Control Center provide", "What recognition did the university recently achieve, and in which three categories were they honored", "of a given visitor, or all visitors in a selected date range, using the Piwik Analytics Live! API.\n- you may also see the Visitor IP on the Visitor Profile report\n- the raw data is also available in the database, in tables\npiwik_log_*See this FAQ.\nNote: in both cases, the IP address will only be displayed if you are logged in Piwik: for privacy reasons, IPs are never displayed to the anonymous user", "What factors are analyzed in the edutainment market report for the forecast period of 2019 to 2027", "teria such as safety, reliability and cost effectiveness, and external factors such as the cost of fuel and the introduction of e-tolling.\nTo address these problems, feasibility studies will commence soon into the introduction of new routes, Jensen said. Proposals include extending the line from the existing stations at Park to Westgate, Rhodesfield to Boksburg as well as Sandton to Randburg and Honeydew.\nThe fourth line will link Naledi in Soweto and Mamelodi using either a proposed new station at Samrand or the existing one at Midrand.\nJensen said studies would \u201cmost probably\u201d take more than a year to complete.\n\u201cTwo eight-car trains were introduced in April in the morning peak hours and another in the afternoon peak periods in an attempt to alleviate overcrowding.\n\u201cCertain trains are still quite crowded, but no incidents have been reported that the hourly capacity threshold has been reached.\u201d\nThe feasibility and possible introduction of a dedicated morning shuttle train between Centurion and Sandton \u2013 currently the busiest and most used route \u2013 will also be done.\nThe off-peak fare discount has changed from 15 percent to 20 percent when compared with the previous year, resulting in marginal fare increases on the longer distances, said Jensen.\n\u201cThis option is available system-wide for commuters, except those travelling to and from the airport.\u201d", "Piwik by default tracks the full IP address of all visitors to your site (you can anonymize this IP if you wish).\nTo view your visitor IP addresses:\n- In the User Interface, click Visitors > Visitor Log. The Visitor Log will display a list of all the visits during the selected calendar period, and for each visitor will display the IP address in the left.\n- you can also fetch the visit IP addresses", "this week in Honduras brought a lot of our issues to the surface. (i.e., there were some sentences being written.)\nIt was a gift to my heart yesterday when he chose to copy (and add to) my closing remarks.\nI am choosing to believe it was precious rather than that he simply wanted to have the last word. :)\nTonight as I was tucking in said child, I acknowledged that I knew this had been an intense week of 'coaching' from me. Attempting to tap into his love of sports and competitive nature I said, \"You know how coaches treat champions, right? They keep working them because they know what they are capable of. That's how I feel about your heart & character. I know God has big plans for you, we just need to work on your self control muscles. What do you think about that?\"\nHis very serious reply was, \"I think sometimes, Mama, the coaches give their champs a break too--just to see what would happen.\"\nIf his tone hadn't been so pensive, I might have been offended. It was a humbling, big gulp moment for me, but one I plan to swallow with an even bigger dose of prayer.\nDon\u2019t exasperate your children by coming down hard on them. Take them by the hand and lead them in the way of the Master.\nEphesians 6:4 The Message\nI knew so much more about parenting before I was one.", "Our recycled Christmas decoration deadline was today so our decorations are all in! Thank you to everybody who has taken part. There are lots of fantastic decorations and plenty of creative ideas for rec", "What are some features of the modular houses being built by the company mentioned in the text", "Shooter Flurocarbon Fishing Line\nIn April 2013, Sunline introduced a new version of the top line Shooter product.\nSunline\u2019s goal with making the new version was to create a line that could be used in all applications and was now available in more sizes. It is difficult to make one product ex", "What are some potential treatments for bladder neck scarring after prostate removal", "What are some main reasons for the grievances in Brazil's penal system highlighted in the text", "This is it. As of Monday we are officially live-aboards. To me that means that, starting on Monday, I will come home to the boat, sleep on the boat and wake up on the boat every day for the foreseeable future. This is deeply comforting to me. To Vick it means a week (only a week) of final push to sell everything that we own that doesn\u2019t fit this new life, or doesn\u2019t fit in the boat/manvan/storage unit. Monday is not deeply comforting to Vick.\nThis morning Vick made the brilliant and unexpected decision to call our good friend Katherine in for some professional organizing help. Katherine arrived late in the afternoon and the two of them lit into the piles of stuff that we\u2019ve accumulated over the years and reduced it to a tidy stack of boxes and neatly organized piles. They made it through two rooms. Tomorrow Vick will be flying solo, but she\u2019s already significantly more optimistic.\nRuby seems genuinely overjoyed with the prospect of moving onto a sailboat. I think she\u2019s even given it significant and rational consideration. She knows that she\u2019ll have next to no toys for example, but seems to think that", "It was a meltdown of epic proportions.\nAnd I\u2019m not talking about my sweet Baby J turned temperamental toddler who I am thinking already has raging hormones.\nNor am I talking about my six year old son who has an impeccable flair for the dramatic.\nNo, this time it was mama.\nIt was my own fault, really.\nI mean as they say \u2013 too much of a good thing is bad? (or however the hell that saying goes).\nAnyway. Yes. Kids have their limits.\nSo I decided to cram in one more social event in an already overly scheduled day. I dragged my completely worn out kids out to dinner with friends and their completely worn out kids.\nSeriously? Did I REALLY think this could possibly end well?\nAgain, my naivety never ceases to astound me.\nThe day started off great \u2013 my friend Nan and I took Baby J and our two youngest boys to Nonni\u2019s for a tour of their factory to learn how they make their to-die-for biscotti (thanks T-Town Moms!).\nThe magic is done all right here in Tulsa, Oklahoma, people. Think Willy Wonka minus the creepy voice and the Oompa Loompas.\nAfter 2 hours of learning how to make the heavenly twice-baked goodness (and chasing Baby J around the factory, trying to keep her hairnet on and keeping Nicholas out of the massive vat of chocolate) \u2013 most people would have called it a day.\nBut we were just getting started.\nLunch at Nan\u2019s house.\nTwo hours at the pool in the 100 plus degree weather.\nAnother playdate at our house\u2026four kids playing Survival Man while Baby J tried to sleep. You can imagine that scenario.\nAnd of course I didn\u2019t stop there. Because I\u2019m an idiot.\nFast forward to our Super Fun Relaxing Dinner with Friends and All Their Kids. An Oxymoron at its best.\nNicholas cried the entire way to Elote (my favorite restaurant \u2013 in downtown Tulsa) because his friends left. Josie just cried.\nSix tired kids. One unhappy baby. Four frazzled parents. You do the math.\nI\u2019m pretty sure our photo is posted to the hostess stand with the note: \u201cDo Not Seat", "What was the purpose of the deadline mentioned in the text segment", "More parking bays for Gautrain usersComment on this story\nCape Town - Land has been obtained for additional parking at Gautrain stations in Centurion, Pretoria and Rhodesfield stations.\nSeveral feasibility studies are also on the cards, the findings of which will guide plans to increase capacity of Africa\u2019s first rapid rail system.\nBarbara Jensen, spokeswoman for the Gautrain Management Agency, said necessary studies such as the environmental and transport impact assessments would be undertaken in due course at the three locations.\nThe Gautrain system includes about 10 000 parking bays spread across all stations.\nBut parking facilities at the Pretoria, Centurion and Rhodesfield stations are filled to capacity, and occasionally at Rosebank and Park stations, Jensen said.\nThe move to increase parking and overall capacity followed complaints from passengers about parking shortages, as well as overcrowding in trains.\nSuch is the popularity of the Gautrain that its usage surpassed all expectations \u2013 the current average weekday use varies between 54 000 and 56 000 train passengers and about 21 000 bus passengers.\nAlready train services are being operated at levels originally anticipated only in 2026, according to the Gautrain Management Agency.\nThis growth in passenger demand has been attributed to the project\u2019s focus on key customer satisfaction cri", "What research methodologies are used to analyze the global edutainment market", "the chicken separately with the oven on convect. The chicken turned out beautifully and the potatoes turned orange because of the molasses. But it all worked out. It was delicious. Or at least no one complained.\nThe recipe is here and basically it\u2019s very easy. I used all chicken thighs, Yotam likes the leg and thigh, and since pomegranate molasses is very sour I added a couple of TBs of my sister\u2019s honey.", "e, tenure-track member of the faculty.\nThe number of employees in central system offices has increased six-fold since 1987, and the number of administrators in them by a factor of more than 34.\nI have demonstrated in my book The Nearly Free University and The Emerging Economy: The Revolution in Higher Education that the tuition for a four-year bachelor's degree could (and should) cost $5,000, not $100,000 or $200,000.\nThe technology and tools already exist to accredit the student, not the institution and provide distributed courses, adaptive learning and real-world, workplace-based workshops for a tiny fraction of the ineffective, unaffordable system of higher education we are currently burdened with.\nOnce costs decline 95%, there is no need for student loans or the bloated bureaucracies currently overseeing the parasitic student-loan system.\nOnce we accredit the student, not the institution, existing universities will compete directly with Nearly Free Universities not in issuing diplomas but in how much students actually learned and mastered. If students can learn as much or more for $5,000 (including workshops in real-world workplaces) than they do for $160,000 in conventional universities, then the sectors of higher education that charge $160,000 for a 4-year degree will vanish.\nIn essence, technology has leapfrogged the existing higher education Status Quo, just as it has leapfrogged the banking sector.\nGordon T. Long and I discuss these issues in this 25-minute program:\nHere is a taste of what we discuss:\nTHE LEGACY SYSTEM IS OBSOLETE\n- Media and knowledge are no longer scarce\u2014both are essentially free\n- Students no longer need to be congregated in classrooms to hear oral lectures; the lectures can be distributed at almost no cost via the Internet\n- The factory model of teaching the same texts and curriculum no longer makes sense; every digital device is a library and a display for oral lectures\n- Lessons and methodologies of learning can now be tailored to individual students (adaptive learning) via interactive software\n- The need for live oral lectures as the primary (and presumed to be best) mode of teaching has vanished\n- Students learn mastery in workshops held in real-world workplaces, not classrooms\nTHE FUNDAMENTALS HAVE BROKEN\n- Colleges must separate Research and Educational funding\n- Education versus Occupational Training\n- Internships versus Apprenticeships; why corporations are no longer training\n- \"Time is the New Competitive Dimension;\" the educational systems needs to understand what this means\n- The New Economy requires Soft Skills such as Collaboration, Lifetime Learning, Continual Innovation and the full spectrum of Entrepreneurial Skill", "In this \u2018Flashback Friday\u2019 we revisit the 2013 Form Representatives.\nCongratulations to the elected Form Class Representatives! The names below will represent their Form Class at regular Year Level meetings run by Head Girl Sachinie Wanasinghe and Board of Trustees Student Rep Mark Liew.\n|9CJ||Chantel Gates, Lochlan Young|\n|9LD||Tharushi Nanayakkara, Joshua Steele|\n|9LW||Renee Hargreaves, Caleb Sawers-McClintock|\n|9NP||Nikaiah Basa", "What preparations are Allen and Scott making for the upcoming cattle sale next week"]}