{"q_indices": [16, 49, 74, 46, 98, 109, 56, 85, 12, 71, 89, 125, 81, 84, 75, 34, 45, 65, 79, 27, 78, 101, 68, 23, 69, 18, 64, 115, 127, 117, 58, 35, 44, 103, 73, 10, 8, 121, 88, 114, 118, 122, 54, 123, 36, 53, 52, 32, 22, 91, 90, 94, 29, 61, 70, 41, 107, 42, 2, 7, 116, 59, 77, 106], "a_indices": [87, 6, 11, 25, 55, 19, 48, 24, 37, 47, 112, 60, 105, 26, 97, 113, 110, 40, 108, 14, 104, 82, 76, 5, 92, 21, 80, 119, 120, 50, 15, 9, 57, 99, 28, 96, 1, 3, 38, 95, 62, 33, 13, 30, 31, 43, 67, 39, 86, 93, 124, 100, 20, 4, 83, 126, 72, 51, 63, 66, 111, 0, 102, 17], "texts": ["sed to shoot with that type of film. Today, there are limited resources in terms of projectors that can play 70mm film, let alone projectionists trained to expertly show these types of films on a regular basis.\nEssentially, 35mm film did to 70mm film what digital film is currently doing to 35mm film\u2026 making it obsolete. 35mm film was more manipulable for different formats, and could be squeezed and bent more easily without distortion, unlike 70mm film.\nThe Digital Revolution\nTraditional motion pictures are recorded on analog film frames, whereas digital film is recorded as digital video images. That is a fundamental difference that creates a very different visual experience for movie-goers who prefer \u201cthe real thing\u201d. Digital film is captured like a digital photograph, using light sensors and digital receptors to resolve the image, but that\u2019s only the very basic version.\nHigh-definition video (Hi-def) has even better resolution, and this has since been followed up by 2K and 4K, creating an arms race to create the most incredibly clear and detailed movies on the market. Digital film is useful and preferred in many instances because it can be crunched down to whatever size is most convenient, without losing much resolution. For example, a new movie that is shot on digital film, rather than celluloid film, can be manipulated and shrunk to fit on the screen of a tablet or smartphone without compromising picture quality.\nIn a mobile, device-oriented society, this flexible capability makes it more profitable and sensible for most directors to shoot films in a digital format. Even most old movies have been re-recorded in digital formats for that same reason \u2013 ease of distribution and consumption.\nOne might think that with our ever-advancing digital technology, the resolution would be far better in a high-definition digital film, making the discussion of 70mm vs. digital superfluous. However, high-format celluloid films (70mm) have relatively comparable, if not better, resolution than high-definition digital films. There is also an authentic edge to old-school cinematography, which is often lost in the glossy, sterile, and polished appearance of digital projection.\nWhile neither of these two formats can be called \u201cbetter\u201d than the other, the decision of whether to support or see a digital film vs. a 70mm film truly comes down to personal preference. For traditional film lovers, a movie shot in 70mm will always be superior to the plasticized images of a digital film, whereas superhero blockbuster fans are almost certainly digital film supporters, considering those CGI effects and epic battle scenes would likely be impossible without digital magic!", "I can\u2019t get enough of the gorgeous owl\u2019s round little figure, inquisitive eyes, serene disposition and infinite wisdom.\nHow adorable is this tea set from Viva Terra?\nI love both colorways of this cute owl lantern from Urban Outfitters too.\nThis owl lamp from West Elm reminds me of Jonathan Adler, but it\u2019s only $99!\nI wouldn\u2019t mind having this little guy underfoot! (Owl Door Stop f", "What is the unique flavor profile of the red Absinthe mentioned, and what is its alcohol content", "rom Anthropologie)\nTruth be told, this wallet ($9.99!!) was the inspiration for this post. I couldn\u2019t leave Target without him yesterday!\nThis trio from At West End would look great on a tablescape or mantel!\nAnd finally, I just love these fluffy feathered guys from Z Gallerie. I think they would look amazing sitting atop a bookcase or gazing from a console table in the front hall", "hips. But the very feelings and impulses that caused so much trouble for Thea in Florida begin to assert themselves at Yonahlossee as well.\nDisclafani does a remarkable job channeling into the complex and sometimes contradictory emotions of a fifteen year old girl (Anton Discalfani is female). If you\u2019ve read any reviews, you know that this novel involves a sexual coming of age story. It also does a fine job of situating its characters in a specific period of US history which involved great upheaval as families once wealthy became impoverished and some women yearned for more than the narrow life of marriage and family.\nThere are a number of strong female characters in the story. Thea is at the top of the list. For a 15 year old, she has a strong sense of purpose and desire, a fearlessness and recklessness that she embraces. Though she resents and is hurt by the separation from her family, she eventually sees that it\u2019s the best thing that has happened to her. Mrs. Holmes, married to the camp\u2019s headmaster, seems to see all and know all at the school, is the head disciplinarian and fundraiser. She knew Thea\u2019s mother when they were in school together and seems to know the details of Thea\u2019s transgressions. One of Thea\u2019s more interesting classmates, Leona, is aloof and stoic, from a very wealthy family and a superb horsewoman. Leona and Thea share a passion for horses and have a confidence and determination that the other girls lack. Most of them aspire to a good marriage and some are forced for financial reasons to marry young.\nThe final resolution of the novel, where we learn exactly what happened between Thea, Sam and Georgie and its aftermath, is a little surprising. Some details can be gleaned from Thea throughout her tale, but the big reveals are saved for the end. I found this to be a well constructed novel with engaging characters and a clever plot. Another great read for summer", "c at all I've already installed windows7 ultimate on my own computer but I had my pc partitioned http://wiredcoffee.net/error-code/boot-path-error-code-biohd-4.html Solved 113 Replies Last update: 10.06.16 Spotify Company About Jobs Press News Communities Artists Developers Brands Useful links Help Gift Web Player Instagram Twitter Facebook \u00a9 2016 Spotify AB Connect with then save and quit.Try that, Restart again, and you should no longer get that error message. Shirly My System Specs System Manufacturer/Model Number NVIDIA AWRDACPI OS Windows7 Ultimate CPU AMD Athlon(tm) 64 Processor 3800+, 2412 Mhz, Memory 2GB Graphics Card NVIDIA GeForce 6600 GT (microsoft corporation - Boot Sector Repair Failed Error Code 0x490\nAfter inserting the new CR2032 lithium disc battery and booting the computer, I simply had to press the F1 function key (as prompted by Windows) to confirm using the factory default Or is it like the space of wubi files was not released? Ouch !I'm wondering if i use AVG Because i have to :-/. this content If your desktop is newer, it may not even be available as an option as it is not widely used these days.\nMy suggestion, you can better change the Hard disk, because all the methods to recover this particular error will only work temporarily (Not even sure that the hard disk will recover Boot Camp Fail I learned and played a bit with this \"grub rescue\" prompt. The problem originates in the graphical drivers that Windows loads by default after installation.\nIf you\u2019re really unlucky, it can be a combination of the three. Kind regards Shirley My System Specs System Manufacturer/Model Number NVIDIA AWRDACPI OS Windows7 Ultimate CPU AMD Athlon(tm) 64 Processor 3800+, 2412 Mhz, Memory 2GB Graphics Card NVIDIA GeForce 6600 GT (microsoft Now take the side of the case off. Boot Fail Windows 8 Reinstall the Battery5.\nAnd the problem still exists. Backup and Restore Dual Boot W7/XP using Grub - Can grub assign letters to partitions?Hi I am looking at Grub4dos since my recent foray into all things bootloaders. If you have more than one, select the installation that you want to provide the grub files. have a peek at these guys Once you have the two, insert the USB drive and search for Create a recovery drive.\nThe problem was very persitent I read a lot of the articules posted here (A lot of guess work and BAD advise) I wish people that have no idea as to It may help someone else. We have compiled a list of strategies & keys to enter... The difference between the two lies in the initial symptoms experienced by your computer while it boots.\nAds by Google Depending on your system\u2019s age, you might have either a BIOS or UEFI, which facilitates the loading of your boot loader. This error is displayed if the disk is not recognized by the BIOS in the system. An unfinished installation, an unfinished file erasure, bad deletion of applications or equipment. Entering BIOS on a Windows 8 How To Enter The BIOS On Your Computer How To Enter The BIOS On Your Computer Inside the BIOS you can change basic computer settings,", "robate court proceedings and can also reduce federal estate taxes.\ncannot be changed or cancelled\ntax on gifts generally paid by the person making the gift rather than the recipient\nthe original value of an asset, such as stock, before its appreciation or depreciation\nthe growth in value of an asset like stock or real estate since the original purchase\nthe price a willing buyer and willing seller can agree on\nThe person receiving the gift annuity payments.\nthe part of an estate left after debts, taxes and specific bequests have been paid\na written and properly witnessed legal change to a will\nthe person named in a will to manage the estate, collect the property, pay any debt, and distribute property according to the will\nA donor advised fund is an account that you set up but which is managed by a nonprofit organization. You contribute to the account, which grows tax-free. You can recommend how much (and how often) you want to distribute money from that fund to Linfield or other charities. You cannot direct the gifts.\nAn endowed gift can create a new endowment or add to an existing endowment. The principal of the endowment is invested and a portion of the principal\u2019s earnings are used each year to support our mission.\nTax on the growth in value of an asset\u2014such as real estate or stock\u2014since its original purchase.\nSecurities, real estate or any other property having a fair market value greater than its original purchase price.\nReal estate can be a personal residence, vacation home, timeshare property, farm, commercial property or undeveloped land.\nA charitable remainder trust provides you or other named individuals income each year for life or a period not exceeding 20 years from assets you give to the trust you create.\nYou give assets to a trust that pays our organization set payments for a number of years, which you choose. The longer the length of time, the better the potential tax savings to you. When the term is up, the remaining trust assets go to you, your family or other beneficiaries you select. This is an excellent way to transfer property to family members at a minimal cost.\nYou fund this type of trust with cash or appreciated assets\u2014and may qualify for a federal income tax charitable deduction when you itemize. You can also make additional gifts; each one also qualifies for a tax deduction. The trust pays you, each year, a variable amount based on a fixed percentage of the fair market value of the trust assets. When the trust terminates, the remaining principal goes to Linfield as a lump sum.\nYou fund this trust with cash or appreciated assets\u2014and may qualify for a federal income tax charitable deduction when you itemize. Each year the trust pays you or another named individual the same dollar amount you choose at the start. When the trust terminates, the remaining principal goes to Linfield as a lump sum.\nA beneficiary designation clearly identifies how specific assets will be distributed after your death.\nA charitable gift annuity involves a simple contract between you and Linfield where you agree to make a gift to Linfield and we, in return, agree to pay you (and someone else, if you choose) a fixed amount each year for the rest of your life.", "Who is allowed to leave a review for the product", "What features of the owl intrigued the author in the text", "ng task within their autonomy. In this paper, a snapshot of the current situation is given with the main emphasis on the 9th grade. Only in this age-group, the ``PISA-age'', informatics is a compulsory subject. The implementation of additional IT/informatics classes at lower secondary level is exclusively the result of autonomous decisions in schools. Recently, a web-based nationwide online research has been conducted. In this paper some preliminary results are presented.", "How does the military view dissenting comments and blogs in relation to engagement and credibility", "Goldbar web hosting review\nThis allows website owners to pay a small monthly fee goldbar web hosting review the hosting space as the cost is spread across many other websites hosted on the weh server. Even though this option goldbar web hosting review expensive, you will get the most reliable, stable servers anywhere. I've been using Bluehost for years and am happy to recommend them. Siteground was founded in 2004 and has grown to become one of the hosting communication popular shared hosting providers in the world with over goldbar web hosting review websites hosted. Goldbar web hosting review are also a good option - although Wbe don't recommend their WordPress VPS hosting as they seem to upload all of their own themesplugins onto your server. It's nice to have features, but are they easy to use. The main customers of cheap hoxting are individuals and some small businesses. A fee of glldbar will apply for any additional restores. Hostung high VPS performance with unparalleled support by professionals. Are any WordPress hosting providers free. I'd rather be developing and designing hosts, not maintaining them. Might help you narrow down the root cause. Arguably, one of hostijg best reviews I have read about web hosting. Website builders also allow for more advanced users to add their own touches. He and the web hosting company are opposed to SOPA and PIPA and have a great track record of defending their clients against nonsense. What i like the most is the Unlimited storage, for me that is important. (Google is known to track loading speed as part of their complex algorithm. Here are some common FAQs about self-hosting a blog that might help you out. WordPress is easy to use, and allows you to get an attractive site online quickly. If you properly modify your site and tune goldbar web hosting review to revie needs, you could have a site that is fast and powerful with a wwb of the cost of a dedicated server. Media templates shared hosting start with 20 p. These wonderful hosting providers offer solutions for each unique consumer. I've never had an issue with them and the pricing is lower than anyone in this list. With some shared hosting plans, you might even find that you're boldbar as much as an entry-level managed plan without wrb the same level of service. Very expensive -\u0412 Like I said above, with 15,000 one time setup fee 5,000 monthly charges for up to 5 sites, with this initial investment, WordPress VIP is definitely not for everyone. If you cannot access your router with either of those IPs, visit and enter your router's information. Awardspace will also try to upsell you to its paid packages pretty much non-stop. WordPress-friendly hosting: Goldbar web hosting review has its own specific requirements and peculiarities and not every host is set up to handle it optimally. For other features, Bluehost does be", "What ensures that the solar lights operate effectively in the dark when motion is detected", "Avira Free Antivirus for Windows\nAward-winning protection, and free forever\n- Top antivirus: blocks spyware, adware, ransomware, etc.\n- Real-time protection & updates\n- Light and fast: doesn\u2019t slow down your PC\nAward-winning technology that helps protect millions of users.\nReal-time protection & repair\nWe protect you from billions of malware attacks annually, including against ransomware, Trojans, worms, viruses, and more. In addition to virus scans, our antivirus software includes advanced repair functionalities, fixing over 90 million files last year.\nReal-time updates via the cloud\nStronger together: every secured device is as a sensor, which detects emerging, never-seen-before attacks. As soon as a new threat is identified, all our customers are immediately immunized against it, protecting millions within minutes.\nLight and fast\nAvira has one of the smallest footprints in the industry \u2013 with virus definition updates 2-5 lighter than most other antivirus products. Unlike many others, our protection doesn\u2019t slow you down nor hog your system\u2019s resources.\nThe best antivirus protection\nWith over 30 years of security experience, Avira offers superior detection, with additional web protection and repair capabilities. And as a German company, we don\u2019t track what you do or sell your data to third parties.\nFrom our best comments\n\u201cAvira Free Security is the latest evolution of the modern antivirus solution. In its basic form, it brings forth one of the best antivirus engines, a VPN, and a lot of other efficient goodies that will have a big impact on protecting your privacy and even ensure that your computer is running as it should.\u201d\nThere\u2019s safety in numbers\nThe latest technologies\nDetects and blocks malware (viruses, ransomware, banker trojans, etc.)\nOur automated, intelligent learning system protects you against new and evolving threats.\nIdentifies potentially unwanted applications hidden within legitimate software.\nBlocks harmful websites before they load.\nPrevents intrusive and malicious ads, banners, and pop-ups from loading.\nBrowser Tracking Blocker\nStops companies from monitoring you online.\nSaves you money while you shop.\nFree antivirus for Windows by Avira \u2013 Made in Germany\nBrowsing the internet puts your privacy at risk. Companies want to track your behavior to create a detailed profile about you to serve personalized ads. Browser trackers enable companies to collect a significant amount of data and track your online activities. You can easily become a victim of adware, which is not only intrusive but also slows down your device.\nThe security of your devices is also at risk, especially when shopping online or using cloud-based services. Cybercriminals are on the lookout for personal data, trying to steal passwords, bank details, or even hijack your computer access to use your devices for attacks against others. Keyloggers, rootkits, spyware, Trojans, and worms are just some of the malware types that can attack your system. To keep your system secure and protect your privacy, you need to install an antivirus software, designed to detect and remove malware. With regular virus scans, you can protect your computer against a wide range of threats.\nThe Windows Defender Antivirus is installed by default on all devices running Windows 10. While it is a good option for conducting basic virus scans, it does not offer complete protection. When tested by IT security experts, the default windows antivirus didn\u2019t perform as well as other antivirus software, often failing to block malware. Furthermore, Windows Defender", "of no specific issue prohibiting the use case you describe. What is often found in situations like this, is that another behavior precedes the expected behavior, circumventing the expected actions. You should inspect all your behaviors for potential confounding. If you attach your source form designs to a support instance and describe the precise use case including the expected vs observed outcomes, we will examine them for you", "The educational system in Austria is very multifaceted, and academic secondary schools represent an important part in it. This type of schools, in German called ``Gymnasium'', covers the age-group from 10 to 18 years and provides pupils and students with a broad and general education. For more than twenty years, informatics and computers have increasingly penetrated into secondary education. Austrian academic secondary schools have much freedom to cope with this challengi", "What benefits do members of the Linfield College Founders' Society receive for making a planned gift", "s no way she\u2019s going to beat Niall, she\u2019s just too small. He\u2019s not a particularly big guy, but big enough. He\u2019s about my height and weight, which lead me to ponder what this girl was thinking.\nWe moved some empties out of the way, they set up, a small crowd had gathered. It was over almost as quickly as it started.\nNiall kind of shrugged and picked up his cash. I suggested to him that maybe they figured he would buy them some drinks and therefore they wouldn\u2019t really be out any cash. Niall\u2019s response was priceless.\n\u201cFuck that. They can buy their own drinks.", "What was Son Direct tasked with developing for the division", "up wipe or additional cotton ball if residue of eyeliner remains.\nTo store lashes, return each lash to the magnetic strip on the tray insert found within the original packaging and return to box. This will help to maintain the overall shape and curl of the lashes as well as prevent dirt or debris from coming into contact with lashes while being stored.\nWhen properly cared for your Mink Mink Magnetic lashes, they are reusable around 50 times\nTIP: To to increase the longevity and maintain the original style of your Mink Mink lashes, do not apply mascara directly on them. Instead, apply mascara to your natural lashes first, allow it to dry, then apply your Mink Mink lashes.", "Set in the years 1930-31, while the Depression continues to take its toll on the US economy, The Yonahlossee Riding Camp for Girls tells the story of 15-year-old Thea Atwell. Thea and her twin brother Sam live a charmed life in central Florida. Their father is a doctor and their mother is a beauty who has created a lovely home for her family in the middle of nowhere. Thea and Sam are close, as twins often are, but moreso because there are no other children around. Their only other companion is their cousin Georgie, two years older and living with his parents in Gainesville. Thanks to their father\u2019s profession as a doctor and their ownership of citrus land, the Atwells are weathering the depression fairly well. Thea owns a pony and is obsessed with riding. Sam is a born naturalist and has a gentle way with both people and animals. Georgie is their adored cousin and friend until something horrible happens and the loving family unit is ripped apart.\nAs the story begins, Thea\u2019s father is taking her to North Carolina to the Yonahlossee Riding Camp for Girls. We know that the horrible thing has happened and that Thea, the narrator, has had a key role in said horrible thing. She is under the impression that she is attending the camp as punishment for a couple of months until summer is over and she can return home. Not until much later does she learn that she will be staying for the school year. As she makes her way through this year, we learn piece by piece what exactly happened back in Florida.\nThe school isn\u2019t much as far as educating young women academically. It\u2019s more of a \u201cfinishing school\u201d where girls of wealthy families learn manners, elocution and riding. For Thea, it\u2019s the first time she has had to be with peers, live with them and be known by others not of the family unit. Initially, she is resistant and uncomfortable, but she does grow to love the place and make close friends", "son Direct was asked to develop a new brand look for the division and specifically for a new line of bagged coffee. The new look incorporates the Easter Seals red brand color and elevates the look of the division to position it as a viable competitor in the marketplace. The back of the label allows Easter Seals to feature an inspiring profile of one of the employees at LillyWorks.\nLearn more about the great work Easter Seals of Southeast Wisconsin is doing.", "What kind of impact evaluations are discussed in the monthly note series 'Evidence to Policy' that are supported by the World Bank", "What are some suggested solutions to resolve the Boot Sector Repair Failed Error Code 0x490", "hour on a 50 kW rapid - for the Hyundai Kona Electric 64 kWh, and under 50 minutes on rapid points for the smaller battery model.\nKey added equipment includes a new safety package fitted to the Kona Electric, which sees a range of new features added to the previously already well-specified set-up. Safe Exit Warning, Rear Seat Alert, and Rear Cross Traffic Collision Avoidance Assist are some of those added to elements that had included Smart Cruise Control, Lane Keep Assist, and Driver Attention Warning.\nConvenience improvements include heated rear seats, added USB ports in the rear, and five new colours, doubling the choice available. The most obvious change comes with the addition of Hyundai\u2019s 10.25-inch touchscreen infotainment system, which brings with it the latest BlueLink systems and connected car features.\nHead of Content | YourParkingSpace.co.u", "tter on its Prime Plus plans with unlimited space, dedicated IP, etc now that they did away with specific disk space and email account caps. Just check out your current usages and goldbar web hosting review will help you to understand what kind of server configuration you are looking for. An SSL will ensure that all data is passed between the web server and browsers golbar remain private. They also goldbar web hosting review dedicated WordPress and Joomla based hosting solutions where everything is taken care by the team behind. It's great for people who have a limited experience in WP. ProCDN by MediaTemple is an affordable solution that costs just 20mo for 200GB bandwidth. Manually downloaded installations can more intricate but a web administrator should be able to get your WordPress site up fairly quickly. 29month for a 3-year plan. They also provide 99. They're not exactly WordPress-only though, since they allow other apps like Magento, and about revjew others. Data transfer usually depends on the number of hits your website generates and the size of the files that you have uploaded (hence why uploading videos on-site is not a good strategy). Interesting factoid though just today I was speaking to goldbar web hosting review lady in business who had the same hostinf of stalking victimization happen to her as happened to me from windows server 2008 r2 sid auslesen site. If you're serious about getting a site online and you're expecting serious performance andor traffic, you need to be able to pony up the cost of a decent plan. Goldbar web hosting review recommendations come from knowing or knowing of the people managing the\u0412 systems, and the client facing support they goldbar web hosting review. MediaTemple are also a good option - although I don't recommend their WordPress VPS hosting as they seem to upload all of their own themesplugins onto your server. Launched in 2003, A Small Orange is a relatively unknown affordable web hosting service run by a 10-man team with a lot of experience in performance and reliability. Implement best practices and a good shared hosting provider will serve you well for a long time, plus it eeview be much cheaper which I presume is a consideration for a travelling blogger. Siteground hostng a bit more moderncurrent. See More. In short, it makes the technology part goldbwr running an online business simple so that online marketers and business owners eeview focus on building audiences and growing businesses.More...\nComments:02.11.2016 at 06:03 Taular:\nYou are right, it is exact\n05.11.2016 at 07:37 Meziktilar:\nUnfortunately, I can help nothing. I think, you will find the correct decision. Do not despair.\n13.11.2016 at 18:37 Fenrikree:\nI consider, that you are not right. Let's discuss. Write to me in PM, we will communicate.\n17.11.2016 at 15:14 Tami:\nI congratulate, a remarkable idea", "ropped because it is no longer supported by Debian ether.\nAs soon as they have synced, you can also use the the mirrors listed on http://kolab.org/mirrors.html\nYou can check the integrity of the downloaded files by importing our file distribution key and verify the OpenPGP signature and SHA1 checksums:\n$ wget https://ssl.intevation.de/Intevation-Distribution-Key.asc\n$ gpg \u2013import Intevation-Distribution-Key.asc\n$ gpg \u2013verify SHA1SUMS.sig\n$ sha1sum -c SHA1SUMS\nThis release marks the end of a long development cycle. After over 2 years, the master and the stable branch are (more or less) in sync again. We\nintroduced many new features and fixed a large number of bugs. We tested the release intensively but due to the massive code changes, we might have missed something or even introduced new bugs.\nBefore you use this release in a critical environment, we\u2019d like you to test it. Please report any problems you encounter in our bug tracker: https://bugzilla.kolabsys.com/\nDepending on the number and severity of bugs, we will issue an updated release soon. We already have a number of fixes in the queue such as the today\u2019s Z-push 1.5.2 release, so Kolab 2.3.1 will come soon.\nI\u2019d like to thank a few people for their help, namely and in no particular order:\n\u2013 Paul and Georg, for giving me the chance to work on a great project like Kolab\n\u2013 Bernhard for his coordination\n\u2013 Thomas and Sascha for their support, especially during this week\n\u2013 Bogo for the awesome new look of the webadmin\n\u2013 Jeroen for his input and providing me the infrastructure I need\n\u2013 Gunnar for responding so fast to the issues we spotted\nWithout these people the Kolab Server 2.3 would not be possible. Thank everybody for your hard work!", "What should you do if you encounter unexpected behavior in your use case", "I attended the Military Blogging conference to\n- learn about military, retired military, and military support groups who use of social media\n- meet people who represent groups that help military families.\nA summary of my observations are:\n- Military bloggers are passionate, as you would expect.\n- Military bloggers who began blogging in 2002 and 2003 were leaders and drove a grass roots movement that led to identifying military bloggers in a loosely structured group, but tightly connected and networked individuals. The blog sites are aggregated on the Military Blogging web site.\n- Thousands of non-profit organizations serve military, soldiers, veterans, and families.\n- Throughout this community of military bloggers, they all have a sense of responsibility toward families.\n- As military families engage, the expression and sharing of small frustrations is often what ties military spouses together, regardless of their location.\n- Social media has enabled a community of individuals who are passionate about the military to form tight bonds of respect, admiration, trust, expectations, and influence among this community.\n- Over time, these bloggers have become influential not only among their own online communities, but also in making a difference in perceptions, policy, and legislation.\n- One reason for their influence is that blogging has moved to, and is encouraged, by soldiers and others to tell real stories.\n- Though some of the early bloggers, started blogging anonymous, now it seems that there is not a concern of separating personal life and professional life online. In fact, telling own personal stories are encouraged.\n- @pricefloyd, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, says that military needs more conversations on topics about the military. Does not mean that mistakes will not be made and that mistakes that have been made are not more harmful than other mistakes.\n- Military leaders at this conference unde", "What key event in Thea's life leads to her attending the Yonahlossee Riding Camp for Girls", "is not updated often enough to keep up with the new threats. To detect the new types of malware that are being spread daily, cybersecurity experts recommend an additional antivirus to conduct real-time virus scans and alert you as soon as a malicious threat is detected.\nYou can protect your digital life with Avira\u2019s free antivirus for Windows. Avira Free Security is the best free antivirus for Windows, with an impressive track record in tests performed by leading industry experts. It also includes a free VPN for private and secure browsing and built-in performance optimization tools to keep your system running fast and efficiently. Avira Free Security is an all-in-one solution for a carefree digital life.\nAvira\u2019s free antivirus software uses the latest cloud technology to offer you the fastest and most reliable real-time scanning and data protection. The fingerprints of new unknown files are automatically uploaded to our cloud and analyzed in real-time. This way, we protect you from Zero-Day-Attacks, where cybercriminals use new methods to infiltrate your system. Our Protection Cloud can detect these never-seen-before attacks. Once a new thread has been identified, you are instantly protected against it.\n\u00b7 Our intelligent learning system NightVision protects you and your devices against new and evolving threats.\n\u00b7 The PUA Shield discovers potentially unwanted software that is hidden within legitimate software.\n\u00b7 Our Web Protection stops you from visiting dangerous websites, and proactively blocks malicious and phishing URLs in websites, social networks and email.\n\u00b7 Your Windows Firewall is a key element in protecting your whole system. With our Firewall Manager you can optimize the protection with just one click.\n\u00b7 Cybercriminals are constantly trying to distribute their malware via email with infected links or attachments. Our Email Protection, available for the Pro version, scans emails for these dangers.\n\u00b7 Install the browser extension Avira Browser Safety for Chrome, Firefox, and Opera to block tracking cookies and annoying banners on websites.\nYou can protect yourself and your devices from viruses, ransomware, banker Trojans, and other types of malware with our free antivirus for Windows. Our solutions, \u201cMade in Germany\u201d, have won hundreds of awards and are used by millions of satisfied customers.\nMicrosoft ended support for Windows 7 in January 2020, but Avira\u2019s free antivirus remains compatible with Windows 7. We will continue to provide updates until the end of 2022. While we encourage you to upgrade to Windows 10, we still offer protection if you decide to continue using Windows 7 for a while.\nIf your computer or laptop operates with Windows 10, download Avira Free Security, the best free antivirus for Windows 10. Our next-gen AI Technology with cloud-based threat detection provides real-time protection and blazing fast virus scans.\nAvira is the pioneer of the freemium business model, offering free privacy, security, and performance tools for a wide range of platforms. Avira\u2019s core belief is that digital privacy and security are fundamental digital rights, so our software is and always will be free. Our free antivirus uses the same real-time virus scan engine as the pro version. The pro version brings extra features, such as unlimited VPN traffic, limited to 500 MB per month in the free version, and automatic software updates, but you can enjoy a carefree digital life completely free of charge. If you are looking for extra convenience, you can check out our all-in-one premium solution, Avira Prime", "Thomas made his first short film at the age of 16 and was admitted three years later to the National Film School of Denmark, thus becoming their youngest student ever. He graduated in 1993 with his short Last Round garnering a nomination for a Student Academy Award. He was catapulted to international fame in 1998 when his second feature, Festen, received the Jury Prize in Cannes, as the first film completed under the terms of the Dogme 95 Manifesto, of which he had been co-author alongside Lars von Trier.\nIn an interview taken on October 14 at Filmmakers Afternoon Tea, Mayfair Hotel, London, as part of the 2012 LONDON FILM FESTIVAL, Thomas reminisces about the \u201cinnocent days\u201d of his first shorts:\nDana:\u201dWhat is your relationship with the short form and how did you find the transition from making shorts to making features?\u201d\nThomas: \u201cI made three shorts before starting making features and I find that form very powerful. Unfortunately the weak point is the distribution, nobody sees them, which is why it is dying somehow, or at least it dies in the career, it doesn\u2019t die in the world\u2026But I find it as difficult and as powerful as a feature, maybe they\u2019ll come back, I don\u2019t know, it seems that things are getting longer, it\u2019s the TV series now, which I also find very interesting. But I miss the days of the short film.\nDana: \u201cWell, you never know, you might make another short one day\u2026\u201d\nThomas: \u201cYes definitely, and I\u2019m also thinking maybe the best film I\u2019ve done so far is a short\u2026\u201d\nDana: \u201cWhich one is this?\u201d\nThomas: \u201cMy graduate film, The Last Round.\nThomas: Then I did another one produced by Nimbus and called The Boy Who Walked Backwards. To make good short film you have to be incredibly smart, as it is much more difficult to achieve the same dramatic effect in a much shorter span of time. Also there is an innocence, a purity about my short films which I lost since I started making features, and I\u2019m attracted to purity. The short film can be so powerful, it\u2019s a sort of no-nonsense form of the feature, so I like it\u2026\nDana: \u201cAny tips for filmmakers who make the transition from short to feature?\u201d\nThomas: \u201cWell, I\u2019ve made so many mistakes, so how could I do tips? But what I think is interesting for me is, don\u2019t follow the ideas that seem rational and right, the idea where you say to your friends \u201cThis is crazy\u201d and your friends say \u201cAh, we can\u2019t do that\u201d, this is the one you should do (laughter).\nThomas Vinterberg introducing his new film The Hunt at 2012 LONDON FILM FESTIVAL\nThomas: \u201cThe Hunt is about a small innocent society/village somewhere in the forest, with good-hearted people, lots of togetherness rituals, a hunting society and this man, male character who works in a kindergarten. One of the girls in the kindergarten is a very close friend\u2019s daughter and slightly falls in love with him, in a non-sexual kind of way, of course, and he\u2019s rejecting her a little bit, she gets angry and lies about it. It\u2019s a sexual lie and a witch hunt begins. And he is ostracised from this society and hell breaks loose, orange turns blue and black. And I made a film years ago called Festen, this is sort of the anti-thesis to that movie, a mirror. So that is the movie. For me it is primarily a film about friendship, love, forgiveness, and primarily maybe loss of innocence. There\u2019s all sorts of naked jumping into the river at the beginning, and there\u2019s also fearful, hostile people\u201d.\nDana: \u201cIt is a very challenging topic, and you are known for choosing very difficult, very controversial topics, what is your method of dealing with a subject like that, how do you handle it?\u201d\nThomas: \u201cIt is also very dramatic, and it is true to say it was very difficult but also very fruitful as a writer to sit with, because there is a conflict and you can bring people and you can undress the characters through conflict. As a filmmaker, and I have made 20 films in my life.. I wanted to make it about something of importance, not morally speaking, not as a priest, but it has to be something\u2026and I really felt that there was something in this, which made it a very uplifting process, a very joyful ride\u2026\u201d\nDana: \u201cWhat is it like working with Mads Mikkelsen?\u201d\nThomas:\u201dWell, the first thing that hits you is that he is so strikingly beautiful, so that hurts a little, I wanted to dress his down and destroy his good looks, but then you learn that he\u2019s such a friendly, giving, heroic team-player, he\u2019s a huge enthusiast and very good, extremely good\u2026I changed the character for him because he was more of a hero, strong man, man of few words, Robert de Niro kind of character in the script\u2026and you notice when you see the film that we made him softer, we made him a school teacher, very humble, wearing glasses, and weak somehow, almost Christian, very forgiving, very patient\u2026\u201d\nDana: \u201cDid he want that?\u201d\nThomas: \u201cNo, I wanted that, and he agreed on that as we were both inspired by that idea\u2026I initially wrote it for Robert de Niro then Mads came on board and then I rewrote it for him. I always write for specific actors, also if they\u2019re dead or something, there has to be someone\u2026and Mads does not attach to any project without a script, so I couldn\u2019t write for him, until he was a", "How can quieter scenes affect the impact of action scenes in a story", "second reading will be considered tomorrow.\nAccording to an UNIAN correspondent, the column includes about 10 thousand people. They have posters with inscriptions of their regions. Participants of the action packed all Hrushevskogo Street. Traffic is blocked at this street.", "How does maternal stress during pregnancy affect the intestinal microbiota of infants according to the study from Radboud University Nijmegen", "What age group is referred to as the 'PISA-age' and what is unique about informatics education for this group", "What are Thomas Vinterberg's thoughts on the difference between making short films and feature films", "12 LED Solar Lights, Iextreme Waterproof Solar Powered Motion Sensor Light Wireless Led Security Lights Outdoor Wall Light for Driveway Patio Garden Path, 4 Pack\n- \u3010Buy It, Install It, Enjoy It\u3011- 4 packs of solar lights are perfect for one-off purchasing and meet your demand to install them from corner to corner. Easy to install and virtually maintenance free. This kit will be your best choice of highest cost performance\n- \u3010Super Bright 12 LED Solar Lights\u3011- The 12 lamp beads are almost like mini-satellites. As long as a location gets direct sunlight, you can put a light there in dark about 10 to 15 seconds. Illuminating for your garden, patio, deck, yard, fence, driveway, or outer walls.\n- \u3010Powerful Sensor Ball Head\u3011- The sensor ball head of Iextreme solar light gets bigger and more powerful, so as to have a longer sensing range of 10-26 feet with a 120 degree sensing angle. Illuminate the dark when motion is detected. Walk by , lights on.\n- \u3010Waterproof and Durable\u3011- IP64 Water resistant and heat-resistant. Leaving the light out all year long without worries. Built with two layers and a tightly-sealed loop to withstand years of use.\n- \u3010Please Note\u3011 - For the first time use, please click the on/off switch with the pin and then charge the solar product by placing it under direct sunlight for 6-8 h", "Blake Shelton and Brad Paisley will co-host a two-hour television special celebrating 95 years of the Grand Ole Opry.\nThe show called Grand Ole Opry: 95 Years of Music, will \u201cbe an unforgettable night of music. In addition to the incredible performances, the Opry will open i", "ns of excitement.\nYour own action scenes will have much more impact when you break them with quieter scenes of introspection and reaction. Give your characters time to comprehend the consequences of the action scenes, and your readers will also have the chance to understand their full significance.", "was a man like that. He believed in assurance. He preached doctrine, he preached messages on the doctrine of assurance, but he also believed that it was theoretically possible for a man to lose his salvation. Mr. Wesley said, \u201cThat so far as he was concerned, he didn\u2019t think he would lose his,\u201d but he thought it was theoretically possible for some to lose their salvation. So it\u2019s possible for a person to believe in assurance of salvation, and not believe in the certainty of ultimate salvation.\nSo let\u2019s think about the doctrine of security, and one of the greatest of all of the passages on the doctrine of the security of the believer is in this same Gospel of John. So let\u2019s turn over to chapter 10, verse 22 through verse 30. John 10: 22 through 30. Now, I think I\u2019ll just read along here a few verses, since we have a little bit of time. I\u2019ll begin reading at verse 22.\n\u201cThen came the feast of dedication at Jerusalem. It was winter. And Jesus was in the Temple area, walking in Solomon\u2019s colonnade. The Jews gathered around him saying, \u2018how long will you keep us in suspense? If you are the Christ, tell us plainly.\u2019 Jesus answered, \u2018I did tell you, but you do not believe. The miracles I do in my Father\u2019s name speak for me. But you do not believe, because you are not my sheep.\u2019\u201d\nNotice that statement. \u201cYou do not believe, because you are not my sheep.\u201d How about that? \u201cYou do not believe, because you are not my sheep.\u201d If sheep do believe, those who don\u2019t believe, don\u2019t believe because they\u2019re not his sheep. Sounds like he believes in election, doesn\u2019t it? \u201cMy sheep listen to my voice.\u201d Notice that. \u201cMy sheep listen to my voice.\u201d Evidently, all the sheep of the Lord Jesus hear his voice. Those who don\u2019t hear it are not his sheep. How about that? \u201cI know them, and they follow me. My sheep hear my voice, and they follow me.\u201d The sheep hear the voice of the shepherd, recognize it, and they follow him. There is the inevitable change of life. They follow him. Now, they may wander off, and the shepherd may have to go out, and go and pull them out of the briars, and they may fall in the ditch, and he may have to pull them up. And they may break an arm or a leg and he may have to carry them in, but nevertheless, they do try to follow. And he says.\n\u201cI give them eternal life, and they shall never perish. No one can snatch them out of my hand. My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all. No one can snatch them out of my Father\u2019s hand. I and the Father are one.\u201d\nThis is one of the great passages on sovereign grace in the New Testament. God is the sculptor of the spiritual life from the beginning to the end, so that for man, nothing remains in which to boast since it is all of God. Now, if there is a passage that demolishes synergism, it is this.\nNow, I think, since we have a few moments, I\u2019m going to just put the word \u201csynergism\u201d here on the overhead and let you take a good look at it because it is one of the words that you should be familiar with. S-Y-N-E-R-G-I-S-M. Now, let me just say just a word about what it means. The Greek word sun is the word that means \u201cwith\u201d and \u201csynergism,\u201d this \u201cergism\u201d is from a Greek word that means \u201cto work.\u201d Ergon so mi. Ergon means \u201ca work.\u201d So \u201csynergism\u201d means a \u201cworking together,\u201d a \u201cdoing together.\u201d\nNow, synergism is particular theological idea. It is the idea that salvation is a work of God and a work of man. Synergism. Synergism, therefore, represents the legalistic heresy. Let me read you a brief statement from one of the theological dictionaries on synergism. The Greek words mean or Greek word means \u201cworking together with.\u201d The doctrine such as that of Philip Melancthon, who followed the Lutheran Church; that the human will has a part to play along with the Holy Spirit or the grace of God in the process of salvation. So synergism is any kind of doctrine which sets forth the way of salvation as being both a work of God and a work of man.\nNow, the most deceptive form of synergism is, of course, the doctrine of the semi-Pelagians. Pelagius just said, \u201cA man may get to heaven will apart from divine grace. He may of himself reach heaven. He may by the activity of his human will believe and be saved.\u201d Now, in the case, of course, Pelagius\u2019 doctrine was a doctrine that the Church rejected. Semi-Pelagian, Pelagianism arose afterwards, and semi-Pelagianism laid stress on the fact that men had free will and as a decision of the free will was that which brought divine grace, which resulted in their salvation. Synergism.\nNow, Augustine and Pelagius fought out the question of synergism in human salvation, and Augustine\u2019s doctrine won out for a time in the Roman Catholic Church. Augustine\u2019s doctrine was \u201cmonergism.\u201d Now, monorgism comes from the same root; \u201cergism\u201d which is from the word \u201cwork,\u201d but monos in Greek means \u201cbelow.\u201d So monergism is that salvation is a work entirely of God. Synergism; that man and God cooperate in the work of salvation, and historically, those who believe that salvation is the work of a decision of the free will, plus what Christ did on the Cross, that is synergism. The Christian church, from Augustine through the Reformers and the Lutherans, regarded this as heretical teaching because it is a denial of grace that salvation is altogether of God. So monergism is the teaching of the Bible. That is what is meant when, for example, Jonah says, \u201cSalvation is of the Lord,\u201d not of the Lord and man, but of the Lord. So monergism.\nArminianism also has stressed man\u2019s freedom, either to accept or to reject the regenerating grace of God in Christ, and in the event that man accepts it, sufficient grace is given to all men, and if they accept it as the decision of their free will then God gives them salvation. Arminianism is, therefore, synergistic in its doctrine of salvation. Now, we want to stress the fact that Arminianism is, of course, the doctrine of many men who are Christians, because their thoughts are confused. They will say, \u201cWe are saved by the grace of God\u201d in one breath, and then they will say, \u201cWe must make a decision of our free will.\u201d Now, those things are contradictory, but Arminians frequently do not see the contradiction. We\u2019ll give them the benefit of the doubt; say, \u201cYes, they are good Christians, they\u2019re just confused Christians.\u201d\nNow, if we look at our own Christian experience, we\u2019ve been confused about things too, haven\u2019t we? Most of us have advanced through some confusion, and some of us, a lot of confusion into the clarity with which we see the gospel, and the truths of the Bible today, and we hope that we will advance through whatever remaining confusions that we may have to even greater clarity. That\u2019s why we\u2019re here. But synergism is demolished by the grace of God, and if we believe, for example, that a person is saved by the grace of God but we believe that he can fall away by the works that he may do thereafter, he is in effect saying, that he\u2019s saved by what Christ did, plus what he continues to do, and thus, his doctrine of salvation becomes synergistic. The true believer cannot fall away from salvation, either totally or finally. He is saved eternally.\nNow with that in mind, look at these statements that the Lord makes. Here in John chapter 10 in verse 27, he says, \u201cMy sheep listen to my voice. I know them, and they follow me. I give them eternal life.\u201d Now notice he does not say, \u201cI give them six months life.\u201d He does not say, \u201cI give them one year\u2019s life.\u201d He does not say, \u201cI give them life until they commit mortal sin\u201d but \u201cI give them eternal life.\u201d Now that in itself teaches that the life that we have is a life that goes on and on. Notice it is \u201cgiven.\u201d It\u2019s not \u201cearned.\u201d We don\u2019t cooperate to earn it. It is a monergistic doctrine. \u201cI give them eternal life.\u201d Furthermore, to emphasize the fact that that eternal life is eternal he says, \u201cAnd they shall never perish.\u201d\nNow in the Greek, that\u2019s the strongest way to express a negative prohibition. \u201cI give unto them eternal life,", "What can be expected from Johnson regarding his injury timeline after the Cardinals\u2019 recent loss", "What does the text mention about the significance of language in drafting insurance policies", "ttached\u2026it was very complicated\u201d.\nDana: \u201cAnd what is it about him that made you think he would be particularly great for this role?\u201d\nThomas: \u201cWell, actually, there\u2019s something very truthful in his acting, he\u2019s very very realistic\u2026besides from all the clich\u00e9s that the camera really wants to look at him, he\u2019s got a huge commercial potential and there\u2019s also something very real about him. And I was curious to work with him, we\u2019d worked in the same community for so many years without working together. And truthfulness is important in a film about lies, I guess basically the film\u2019s theme is about how lies can spread, therefore everything was about making it as \u201cnaked\u201d and as truthful as possible, and Mads completely fits into that, he\u2019s born out of the 70\u2019s attempt to make films in the street, American, Scorsese movies from the seventies when realism was reborn.\nDana: \u201cAnd the little girl, it\u2019s her big screen debut, how did you find shooting the more difficult scenes with her given her age?\u201d\nThomas: \u201cShe was wonderful, there\u2019s this child and\u2026normally we say that working with animals and children is something you should avoid. In this case it was the other way around: the dog and the girl were just spot-on\u2026And she was just incredibly good\u2026And Mads and the other actors were, of course with a smile on their face, were almost intimidated by her\u2026\u2019cause she was just wiping the floor with them, every time, it\u2019s incredible. We had a discussion whether to tell her about these matters or not, and of course she doesn\u2019t understand sexuality, and should not, but we told her everything else. \u2018Cause listen, we spit in her face and she was thrown around, she needs to know why\u2026And this film is also a revolt against the over-protection and victimisation of children, so we thought, let\u2019s talk to her like to an adult. And of course we agreed with the parents first, and it worked, she didn\u2019t care, she was like, \u201cok fine, let\u2019s shoot\u201d, and then she did her ping-pong!\nDana: \u201cA very precocious girl\u201d.\nThomas: \u201cA very healthy girl. She was very good but she\u2019s not going to do it again.\u201d\nDana: \u201cAbout the directing process, David Mamet says that it\u2019s all about where to put the camera and what to tell the actors, would you agree? And do you have a certain method?\u201d\nThomas: \u201cI think that would be pushing it. I have a method, yes. If this is my movie, and this is where the actors have some dialogue, together with the actors, and the writer, I\u2019m creating a big movie around them all. We talk a lot about the past, and not only about the immediate past, like what are you coming with, in the room, did you just come from a fight, or from having sex, or\u2026But what do they have together, rituals, what do they hide from each other, what are their dreams for the future, their plans. So what I always do is to work very hard and thoroughly with the actors, dialogue and rehearsals, and with the writer before we start shooting. And then we let go, to all the irrationalities, then we\u2019re being charlatans. Because, hopefully by that time, we have solid ground to be standing on\u2026.if you can call that a method, that\u2019s my method\u2026and my actors seem to turn the way they want to, which is different from David Mamet. His method works very well though\u2026\u201d\nDana: \u201cThere\u2019s an interrogation scene in the movie, with the little girl, where they quite literally put the words in her mouth, and I\u2019ve read somewhere that this was based on a real transcript, can you tell me a bit about that?\nThomas: \u201cYes, it\u2019s a police transcript, I\u2019m not going to say which nationality because I don\u2019t want to point fingers, I didn\u2019t even want to point fingers at the police, but it\u2019s from the 90\u2019s, late 90s and they have improved, or at least they tried to improve\u2026so I changed the scene to be some kind of interrogator, and I also took out a lot of very very ugly stuff, it was much much worse, and in all the cases it was much worse. You wouldn\u2019t believe how much people put in children\u2019s minds, how leaning the questions are\u2026because they anticipate that the child\u2026who wants to escape from it, because it is very unpleasant, therefore they sort of insist on this, and through that they implant false memories and they\u2019ve done that in many many many cases. And I think that police is not doing a lot of that but the parents and a lot of kindergarten workers, they don\u2019t know shit about this, they don\u2019t know what to do, so they ask the same question to this poor child, and it becomes part of this child\u2019s fantasy, and to satisfy the grownups they start inventing stuff\u2026and again they end up as the victims, \u2018cause they grow up to believe it, they grow up with the memory of having been assaulted without having been assaulted\u2026so they grow up with a similar problem, similar needs, and they are violated by the overprotection, the fearfulness of our society\u2026but in my film she appears to be a she-devil in people\u2019s minds, which is not intended, because she was so nice, and she\u2019s in love with him, so it\u2019s an innocent love..and who wouldn\u2019t be in love with Mads Mikkelsen?\u201d\nFor an in-depth analysis of Thomas Vinterberg\u2019s work, cinematic realism and Dogme 95, we recommend an article from the Film Journal. Click here to read it.", "What are the details of David Glenn Gipson's celebration of life services", "What is meant by the doctrine of affirmation regarding assurance, security, and perseverance in John\u2019s thought", "What web hosting service is described as affordable and operated by a small team with a focus on performance and reliability", "ours. This Solar Light has only ON/OFF mode, NO DIM MODE. Embedded with sensors that illuminate the dark when motion is detected.\nIextreme Solar Lights \u2013 Guiding Stars for Your Life\nEffective Energy Saving, Automatically Working, Super Bright, our motion sensor solar light will be the best companion for your environmental friendly life!\n\u25cfFor the first-time use, please don\u2019t forget to tear off the protective film covered on the product. And please open the switch with the attached pin.\n\u25cfFor the first-time use, please charge the solar light by placing it under direct sunlight for more than 6-8 hours.\n\u25cfThis Solar Light has only ON/OFF mode. NO DIM MODE. It will only be activated after movement is detected in darkness, then auto turns on. After lighting around 15 seconds, it turns off automatically.\n1. Solar panel: 0.65W,17% efficiency\n2. Li-ion battery: 1200mAh\n3. LED: 1W,6000K-6500K,160Lumens\n4. Solar charging time: 6-8 hours\n5. Product Dimension: 3.5*4.5*1.5 in\n6. Net Weight: 7oz(200g)\n7. Waterproof grade: IP64\n8. Solar panel life span: 5 years; LED Life Span: 50,000 hours\n4 x Iextreme Solar Powered LED Lights\n4 x Iextreme Key pin\n4 x Screw Set\n1 x Iextreme User Manual\nSeller Warranty Policy\n*30-Day Money Back Guarantee\n*Fast Shipping from Amazon warehouse\n*Under 24 hours friendly customer service", "Upgrades launched on Hyundai Kona ElectricMotoring |\nImproved equipment and safety systems feature alongside sharper styling and new colour options\nHyundai has updated its Kona Electric, adding sharper styling, new colours, and boosting equipment on the pure-electric crossover.\nThe Kona Electric\u2019s powertrain remains the same, retaining the 64 kWh battery and 150 kW electric motor on the top-level model. Maximum driving range available is up to 300 miles on a charge for the 64 kWh model, or 189 miles on the 39.2 kWh battery, 100 kW motor version.\nCharging can be carried out at up to 100 kW on ultra-rapid DC charge points, or at 7.2 kW on AC units with the standard on-board charger - a 10.5 kW on-board charger is now available as an option.\nCharging times for the larger battery model come in at a little over 45 minutes on ultra-rapid points - just over an", "What is a charitable remainder trust and how does it provide income", "d by these effects, while adults seem to be more able to fight, but in adults who work in fields where chlorpyrifos is used, studies have indicated higher rates of lung cancer and respiratory issues.\nEven after this SAP forced the EPA to review its findings, the EPA still declared chlorpyrifos to be excessively dangerous.\nThere are environmental effects, too. Chlorpyrifos is known to be toxic to aquatic animals, like shrimp. Additionally,evidence indicates that it\u2019s toxic to bees as well, though research is ongoing into specifically how the residue of the pesticide affects them.\nJust How Common Is This Stuff, Though?\nHa. Well, it\u2019s one of the most popular pesticides in the country. According to The Intercept, about 44,000 farms use a total of 6 to 10 million pounds of chlorpyrifos-containing pesticides each year. It was registered in 1965, and organophosphates (the category including chlorpyrifos) came into popularity after the ban on DDT in 1972.\nSo How Can Pruitt Explain His Decision?\nPruitt, in his official statement, claimed that the EPA\u2019s findings are unreliable. \u201cThe USDA disagrees with the methodology used by the previous Administration,\u201d reads the statement. \u201cThe Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA) Scientific Advisory Panel (SAP) also expressed concerns with regard to EPA\u2019s previous reliance on certain data the Agency had used to support its proposal to ban the pesticide.\u201d\nThis is confusing! What the heck is FIFRA SAP?\nScientific Advisory Panels (SAPs) are independent groups of people who can compel the USDA to review some of its work. In theory, this stops governmental science from being too insular, but in practice\u2026well, just for example, this SAP that \u201cexpressed concerns\u201d to the EPA hosted not one but four people testifying \u201con behalf of Dow Agrochemicals,\u201d as well as someone from CropLife America (a lobbying group for the pesticide industry), a scientist from Syngenta, and a guy who makes his living by operating the planes used to spray pesticides. (That\u2019s in addition to a whole mess of scientists and doctors and farmers and anti-pesticide people.)\nIt\u2019s important to have differing viewpoints, but testimony from people who have an immediate financial connection to a product up for review seems\u2026questionable. That said, the panel itself is made up of scientists, doctors, and researchers associated with universities; Dow is not allowed a vote, but they are allowed to take a giant chunk of time to try to get the panel on their side.\nAnd it\u2019s worth noting that even after this SAP forced the EPA to review its findings, the EPA still declared chlorpyrifos to be excessively dangerous.\nWhat Happens Now?\nNothing. Chlorpyrifos will continue to be used unless Pruitt allows the EPA to review the pesticide sometime before 2022", "overage was unavailable in the marketplace. Accordingly, Keyspan is a reminder of the importance of the language used in drafting insurance policies, and provides clarity on the legal analysis of \"long-tail\" claims under New York law....\nStay ahead of the curve\nIn the legal profession, information is the key to success. You have to know what\u2019s happening with clients, competitors, practice areas, and industries. Law360 provides the intelligence you need to remain an expert and beat the competition.\nAccess to case data within articles (numbers, filings, courts, nature of suit, and more.)\nAccess to attached documents such as briefs, petitions, complaints, decisions, motions, etc.\nCreate custom alerts for specific article and case topics and so much more", "Why is non-stop action not always beneficial in fiction, according to the text", "What does Thomas Vinterberg reveal about the challenges of directing scenes involving a child actress in the film", "What features does Avira Free Antivirus offer to protect against malware", "Your day is over, or your special event has come to an end, now it\u2019s time to properly remove your lashes so they can live to see another day of beauty.\nGently remove Click Magnetic Lashes by securing the outer corner of the lash band between two fingertips Then gently pull across the eyelid towards the inner corner of lash band to fully remove the lash. To ensure maximum longevity of lashes, follow below instructions to clean & store.\nTo best remove Magnetic Eyeliner from the eyelid, use a cotton ball soaked with waterproof makeup remover, or any oil-based cleanser; apply directly to the skin. Allow to sit for 5-10 seconds and then gently wipe away. Follow up with a make", "What improvements have been made to the Hyundai Kona Electric in terms of styling and equipment", "TEXOLA, Okla. - David Glenn Gipson, 62, died Thursday, Dec. 23, 2010.\nCelebration of life services will be at 2 p.m. Wednesday in the Clifford Macklin Auditorium in the Erick Grade School with Dr. Roger Sellars officiating. Burial will be in Texola Cemetery by Fatheree-Albert Funeral Home.\nMr. Gipson was born May 25, 1948, in Shamrock, Texas, to Robert E. and Lucy Mae Gipson. He made his home on his farm near Texola, which he shared with", "What age group do Austrian academic secondary schools cover", "What are the advantages of digital film over 70mm film according to the text", "and that our names would appear in the playbill. \u201cBut don\u2019t worry: we won\u2019t have to do any of the work.\u201d\nAs it turned out, just a few weeks later we were summoned to a backers meeting. Unless each of us came up with an additional hundred thousand dollars, the show would be cancelled. The rent for the theater needed to be paid upfront.\nThere was a lot of yelling and screaming. One woman, with a thick Brooklyn accent, shouted that she thought the rent was already taken care of by the money we had laid out. But after about an hour of acrimonious discussion, each of the backers agreed to pony up an additional hundred thousand dollars.\nAs Charlotte and I left the meeting, she said that with just a week to go before previews, she certainly hoped that there wouldn\u2019t be any further surprises. I just nodded my head, while crossing my fingers.\nAmazingly, everything went smoothly right up to opening night. Marty and Richie would wear their tuxedos, and Charlotte and I had bought beautiful evening gowns for the occasion. Immediately after the performance, we would attend a cast party at Sardi\u2019s, which would set back each of the producers another five thousand bucks. It would be exciting to hear the first reviews read to what Charlotte was calling \u201cour team.\u201d\nJust a few minutes before we would be leaving for the theater, Charlotte got a phone call from Marcy. The show was cancelled!\nThe producer had never paid the theater, so we had been locked out. The producer had screwed the actors, swindled the backers, and disappeared with all their money. And even if we somehow came up with all the rent money, it was now too late. The show would not go on.\n\u201cBut what about the cast party?\u201d I asked.\n\u201cWell, I guess that\u2019s still on. But it won\u2019t be much of a party.\u201d\n\u201cSo are we going?\u201d\n\u201cWhy not? I mean, it is paid for. And besides, I really want to be there for Marcy.\u201d\nWhen we got to the party, the entire cast was already there. And every one of them was crying. Charlotte went over to Marcy, and Marty, Richie, and I headed to the bar.\nCharlotte spent a lot of time with Marcy, but there was no consoling the girl. This was probably her only shot at being in a Broadway play. When Charlotte joined us, there were tears in her eyes.\nWe stuck it out till the end of the party. When Marty remarked how happy he was that we hadn\u2019t driven into the city, we all agreed. None of us was in any shape to drive home In fact, Richie looked like we might have to carry him out to the street.\nAs we left the restaurant I said to Charlotte, \u201cThis must have been the worst day of Marcy\u2019s life. And probably of the lives of most of the other cast members.\u201d\n\u201cAnd I feel really stupid about being swindled for all that money.\u201d\n\u201cYeah, I know exactly how you feel!\u201d added Marty.\n\u201cConnie, I\u2019m so sorry I got you into this.\u201d\n\u201cHey, it\u2019s only money!\u201d\n\u201cYeah, that\u2019s true. And I hope that someday we\u2019ll look back at this and maybe even laugh at our stupidity.\u201d\n\u201cOh look, there\u2019s a cab that\u2019s actually not \u2018off duty;\u2019\u201d So we hailed it, got in, and told the driver to take us to Douglaston.\nHe asked if we were coming from the theater. Rather that tell him our long sob story, I just said that we were. Then, perhaps to be polite, Charlotte asked him if he was an actor. He certainly was very handsome.\n\u201cYes, I actually am an actor\u201d\n\u201cReally?\u201d said Charlotte. She paused for three or four seconds. \u201cWe\u2019re Broadway producers!\u201d\nArtwork by @MurjArt\nToronto! We\u2019re days away from BARE. Can\u2019t wait to see you there.", "What themes are explored in the novel regarding Thea's experiences as a fifteen-year-old girl", "Column of people protesting against adoption of Tax Code moves in center of Kyiv to VR\nabout 10 thousand people...\nA column of people protesting against adoption of the Tax Code is moving in the center of Kyiv to the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, where the draft Tax Code in the", "Bottled at a whopping 75% this red Absinthe is strongly flavoured with liquorice and other traditional flavours. To taste it is best reduced dow", "What are the ingredients needed to make your own bath salts according to the text", "What does the text suggest about the relationship between assurance of salvation and the possibility of losing one's salvation", "n with a little water.\nThere are no reviews yet.\nOnly logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.\nUsername or email", "Life has its ups and downs. Busy times and quiet times. So does your fiction.\nNon-stop action is good for an adrenaline rush, but as science will tell you, adrenaline rushes are, by their nature, short bursts of panic-energy that are designed to get you out of immediate danger. Not prolonged sessio", "What are some potential solutions for fixing boot problems as suggested in the text", "What services does Easter Seals Southeast Wisconsin provide for people with disabilities or special needs", "What type of injury did Cardinals running back David Johnson sustain during the Week 1 loss to the Detroit Lions", "What should you do for the first-time use of the Iextreme Solar Lights", "Policy Language Can Curtail Long-Tail Insurance Claims\nBy Paul Ferland (May 21, 2018, 2:39 PM EDT) -- \"Long-tail\" insurance claims have proved particularly vexing to insurers and insureds alike, specifically with regard to allocation of liability. The New York Court of Appeals recently clarified the law concerning such allocation of liability in Keyspan Gas East Corp. v. Munich Reinsurance America, Inc. The outcome in Keyspan, in favor of the insurer, rested largely on the language of the insurance policy in question. Further, the Court of Appeals rejected the insured's public policy argument, thereby giving weight to the policy language and setting New York apart from states that have required insurers to bear the risk of loss during periods where c", "What were some observations made at the Military Blogging conference regarding military bloggers and their influence", "What are some of the hosting providers mentioned in the Goldbar web hosting review", "How does prenatal maternal stress affect infant gut microbiota development", "Reply 0 Reply 0 0 banhien Provost Posts: 53,107 Member Since: 01-29-2009 Message 2 of 2 (6,425 Views) Report Inappropriate Content Re: Boot test failed error code 3F0 Options Mark as This is important: it is ok to erase all HD contents! Enter to win a Bose QuietComfort 35 ! My System Specs System Manufacturer/Model Number NVIDIA AWRDACPI OS Windows7 Ultimate CPU AMD Athlon(tm) 64 Processor 3800+, 2412 Mhz, Memory 2GB Graphics Card NVIDIA GeForce 6600 GT (microsoft corporation - WDDM) http://wiredcoffee.net/error-code/boot-test-failed-error-code-biohd-4.html\nThis damaged system file will cause absent and wrongly linked documents and archives essential for the proper operation of the program. Since it seems that your computer is new, I assume that's the operating system. If Refresh fails or doesn't solve your problems, these troubleshooting tips should help you fix things. For the majority of boot problems, the Windows System Repair Disk provides the easiest solution.\nPreview before recovery allows you to do a selective recovery. Good Luck,Richard Elkind Flag Permalink Reply This was helpful (0) Collapse - Boot Errors by Laners1950 / July 27, 2007 1:01 PM PDT In reply to: System start and boot errors Be sure to save your changes and exit. In this case, you would need to contact a skilled technician for additional support.\nUnbootable Windows Hardware Problems If your computer fails to pass Power On Self Test (what is POST? A few other unbootable conditions exist, but these generally indicate a hardware failure, which often requires a more sophisticated troubleshooting strategy. Moving to look at the boot options I found that there was only one.... ...the strangely named ROM FLOPPY DRIVE. Error Boot Read Fail Scroll down for the next article \u00a9 2016 MakeUseOf.\nThat said, most blue screens and application crashes aren't Windows' fault. Newer systems rely on an UEFI, whereas older systems use the BIOS. The time now is 08:21 PM. But my case was really a damaged HD, and the only workaround was substituting it. \u2013J.\nIf you do not have a Windows Installation Disc, borrow one or use PowerSuite Golden which allows you to boot any computer for fixing errors and installing a new Windows system. Boot Disk Fail People should always contact the sellers of this equipment if your system is not working right! Some facilities may be able to salvage information off your original disk for transfer (although where you are still at a point where your OS boots occasionaly, backing up data important Download the 12.04 cd, boot it up, open the disk utility and check the SMART status of the drive for errors.\nHe had Linux Ubuntu on it, which he wanted wiped. PowerSuite Golden has an intuitive graphic interface and is extremely easy to use. Boot Test Failed Error Code 3f0 sudo grub root (hd0,0) setup (hd0) exit Grub Loading Error 21: Make sure the disk is correctly connected and detected by the BIOS. Boot Test Failed Error Code Biohd 4 It can't start, saying: Welcome to GRUB!\nError 17 Nothing else comes up at all and I can't boot any dis", "What challenge did one of the ladies make to Niall at the bar", "What event prompted a reporter to investigate the lack of black residents in Levy County, Florida", "What issue is the author experiencing with the 'page is opened' event when a form is submitted", "Last Updated on\nBath salts can be quite expensive to purchase, so why not make your own? Today we'll share an amazing recipe on how to make your own bath salts! Making your own bath salts is super easy and it's actually fun too! If you have kids, get them involved in this process as it's an easy craft and everyone will get to enjoy them!\nHow to Make Your Own Bath Salts \u2013 Recipe\n- 2 cups Epsom salt\n- Silica gel pack (optional)\n- Essential oil of your choice (this is where the scent of your bath salts will come in, so choose whichever scent you like). Some great options are lavender, grapefruit, peppermint, etc\u2026\n- Glass jar. If you decide to store your bath salts in a plastic container, the ingredients might brake down, so it's important you only use a", "What is Kolab and what features does the new 2.3.0 server include", "work, hopes\nfor the New Year abruptly end. In a few harrowing nights, a white mob razes Rosewood\ninto oblivion. As the rampage gains cataclysmic force, a heroic World War I veteran\n(Rhames) and a shopkeeper (Voight) join forces. Dozens of terrified women and children\nhave fled into nearby swamps. Somehow they must be led to safety", "Cardinals\u2019 Johnson seeing specialists for dislocated wrist, may need surgery\nCardinals running back David Johnson will meet with specialists regarding his wrist injury that took him out of Arizona\u2019s Week 1 loss to the Detroit Lions on Sunday, and their opinions will determine if he needs surgery, reports ESPN\u2019s Adam Schefter.\nBruce Arians told reporters Monday that Johnson suffered a dislocated wrist that is \u201clikely\u201d to require surgery. The injury, which could land him on the injured reserve has the same prognosis as injured rookie running back T.J. Logan, Arians said.\nLogan\u2019s timeline was set at as many as 12 weeks for a return.\n\u201cYou just got to pick up the pieces and go,\u201d Arians told Bickley and Marotta on 98.7 FM, Arizona\u2019s Sports Station. \u201cDavid Johnson became David Johnson because somebody got hurt. It\u2019s an opportunity for Kerwynn (Williams) \u2014 and Andre Ellington looked fast again \u2014 to come back and pick up the pace.\n\u201cWe\u2019ll see what options there are available to us off the roster, but those two guys are more than capable of having big games.\u201d\nSchefter added Monday t", "What should users do before using the new release in a critical environment", "What new safety features have been added to the Hyundai Kona Electric", "Evidence to Policy, a monthly note series on learning what works, highlights studies that evaluate the impact of programs in the critical areas of human development --health, education, social protection, water and sanitation and labor. From how to best supply rural health clinics with drugs to what helps students do better in school, World Bank-supported impact evaluations provide governments and development experts with the information they need to use resources most effectively. As impact evaluations increasingly become more important to policymakers, this series offers a non-technical review of the many innovations the World Bank is supporting, and the growing number of rigorous studies analyzing the impacts of those innovations. The note series is managed by SIEF, which receives generous funding from the British government's Department for International Development and the Children\u2019s Investment Fund Foundation (CIFF).\nThe impact evaluation of a conditional cash transfer program targeting nutrition in young children showed good results, and now the Government of Bangladesh is scaling up the nutrition component of the program to reach more poor households.\nAlso available in French\nThe Philippines is successfully using conditional cash transfers to improve health and education for the poorest families, but the program hasn't been effective at raising school enrollment for older children. Based on the evaluation, the government has increased the transfer amount for older children.\nIn Tanzania, an innovative conditional cash transfer program that relies on local communities to administer the payments has succeeded in helping the country\u2019s poorest citizens. As the results of a recent impact evaluation indicate, cash transfer systems can be adapted to work well in low-income countries that don\u2019t have a strong central government to administer them.\nPower Point Summary\nTo help policymakers assess the effectiv", "Individuals who make a planned gift to Linfield, either through a bequest in a will or living trust or a remainder designation in a life-income gift, retirement plan or life insurance policy, are recognized through membership in the Linfield College Founders' Society.\nThe Founders' Society was created so that the college could offer its thanks during the lifetimes of the many generous individuals who make these gifts from their life's work through any of the many gift plans. The most common method of securing membership in the Founders' Society is by making Linfield a beneficiary of your estate. You don't have to be wealthy to be able to make a significant impact on the future of Linfield through an estate gift. Over the last ten years, estate gifts have provided an average of $1.6 million in annual gift revenue to Linfield. With the bulk of these gifts designated for the college's endowment, these gifts strengthen Linfield's stature as a leading, small liberal arts college for generations to come.\nFounders' Society members are invited to and recognized during an annual luncheon held during Homecoming weekend in the fall, and their names are listed in Linfield's Honor Roll of Donors.\nIf you've already completed a gift plan that includes Linfield, but haven't yet notified anyone at the college about it, please contact Craig L. Haisch '95 at firstname.lastname@example.org or at 503-883-2675 or fill out our letter of intent form (PDF) so that we can thank you for helping strengthen the Linfield experience.\nThe information on this website is not intended as legal or tax advice. For such advice, please consult an attorney or tax advisor. Figures cited in any examples are for illustrative purposes only. References to tax rates include federal taxes only and are subject to change. State law may further impact your individual results. Annuities are subject to regulation by the State of California. Payments under such agreements, however, are not protected or otherwise guaranteed by any government agency or the California Life and Health Insurance Guarantee Association. A charitable gift annuity is not regulated by the Oklahoma Insurance Department and is not protected by a guaranty association affiliated with the Oklahoma Insurance Department. Charitable gift annuities are not regulated by and are not under the jurisdiction of the South Dakota Division of Insurance.\nA charitable bequest is one or two sentences in your will or living trust that leave to Linfield College a specific item, an amount of money, a gift contingent upon certain events or a percentage of your estate.\nan individual or organization designated to receive benefits or funds under a will or other contract, such as an insurance policy, trust or retirement plan\n\"I hereby give _________ (specific dollar amount or % of estate) to Linfield College, located at 900 SE Baker St in McMinnville, Oregon (federal tax identification number 93-0391586) for _______________ (specific purpose, if any).\"\nable to be changed or cancelled\nA revocable living trust is set up during your lifetime and can be revoked at any time before death. They allow assets held in the trust to pass directly to beneficiaries without p", "Who are the co-hosts of the television special celebrating 95 years of the Grand Ole Opry", "What role did Charlotte envision for herself in addition to being a full-time mother", "What are James Harden's averages in points, rebounds, and assists per game", "What were the findings of the World Bank's evaluations related to social protection programs in Latvia, Ethiopia, Nicaragua, and Chile", "Easter Seals Southeast Wisconsin provides exceptional services to ensure that all people with disabilities or special needs and their families have equal opportunities to live, learn, work and play in their communities. As such, Easter Seals Southeast Wisconsin has a division called LilyWorks that allows for meaningful training and employment in the areas of catering, cleaning and yard maintenance. LilyWorks is expanding to offer specialty products and John", "eness of Latvia's public works program, the World Bank supported an evaluation of the government-sponsored public works initiative, which was launched in response to the global financial crisis of 2008\u20132010.The evaluation found that the program successfully reached its intended target, helping Latvia's worst-off cope with the crisis by increasing their short-term incomes. For policymakers and development experts, this evaluation underscores the usefulness of public works programs as emergency social safety net instruments even in upper\u2013middle income countries.\nTo understand the role that social protection programs can play in helping people feed themselves and their families, the World Bank supported an evaluation of an ongoing program in Ethiopia. This program includes a public works component for the poor. A complementary initiative works to build household agricultural assets so families can better provide for themselves. The evaluation found that these measures boost food security, helping households better manage year-round.\nTo learn whether cash grants and training can help poor, rural farmers develop alternative income sources so they better manage during weather \u201cshocks\u201d that harm or destroy crops, the World Bank evaluated a Nicaraguan government program that sought to assist families after a bad drought. Two years after the program ended, researchers found that families that received vocational training or small business grants were better protected against droughts than those who qualified only for conditional cash transfers.\nThis policy note reviews a World Bank-supported evaluation of Chile's Solidario social assistance program, which aims to reach families living in extreme poverty. The research shows that twinning regular social worker visits with changes to the programs themselves to increase access and better meet demand did lead to increased take-up of subsidies.\nAlso available in Spanish", "How many points per game does Harden average this season, and how does it compare to his prop total for Wednesday", "ts archives that span a period of over nine decades and include interviews, performances and appearances by country artists in all stages of their careers.\u201d\nGrand Ole Opry: 95 Years of Music will air live February 14 at 9PM ET on NBC.\n\u2014 Grand Ole Opry (@opry) January 19, 202", "rstand how two-way and multi-way engagement becomes powerful.\n- Social media is not only used to disseminate but also to engage to learn, and possibly change, leaders\u2019 approacha and behavior.\n- @pricefloyd says that having dissenting comments and points of view that do not have approval gives more credibility to the engagement.\n- Military uses 3rd party sites so the world can read and interact and tell stories first hand reports from the troops.\n- The approach is to encourage people throughout the military to \u201cgo out and tell their stories\u201d. Military leaders know that those online are professionals and \u201cwill do the right thing\u201d.\n- Army leaders encourage individuals to blog on their own sites and link and cross link to the army blog site. They don\u2019t care about negative articles or positive article, but they care that bloggers tell accurate stories.\n- The military has to use both traditional and new media.\n- The leaders see that criticisms are good because it means others are reading the blogs and gives something for them to learn. Negative criticisms will stay blogs unless it is overly obscene.\nThis conference has been one that is somewhat out of my element. It is refreshing to hear from leaders of the military who \u201cget social media\u201d, understand how\n- conflicting opinions are ways to learn and adjust.\n- personal accounts can be powerful ways to tell the military story.\n- engagement leads to learning and improving\n- trusting people throughout the military to do the right thing without posting strict rules is a good way to capitalize personalized stories.\n- grass-roots connections build credibility and trust.\nAll day, I keep thinking that if the military can trust their people to do the right thing and find value in dissenting comments, why aren\u2019t more educational institutions in-tuned to the value of learning and improving based on the freedom of engagement.\nPhoto is embedded from http://www.flickr.com/photos/soldiersmediacenter/1360677126", "1. Inhibits the production of neurosteroids which play a large part into how well you handle stress later in life.\n2. Prenatal maternal stress, compared to a low stress control condition, has been shown to affect the infant microbiota (beneficial bacteria) measured at 7, 14, 28, 80, and 110 days of age in infants, suggesting important effects of adverse early life experience on the gut microbiome.\n3. In humans, early-life stress is associated with a preterm birth and a low birth weight, and can prime the neonate for further complications later in life that include psychiatric disorders, aged-related cognitive dysfunction, obesity, and hypertension.\n4. Exposure of the developing fetus to excessive levels of stress hormones in the womb can cause mood disorders in later life.\nAdverse environment in early life\nAn adverse environment in early life has been demonstrated to be one of the most important factors affecting long life health. In humans, early adverse experiences, such as abuse, neglect, or loss of a parent, have an impact on cardiometabolic risk profile and increase the risk of developing mental health disorders, including attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, conduct disorders, anxiety, depression, suicide, drug abuse, and post traumatic stress disorder. Talge et al2 revealed a large body of research relating stress to health and found an attributable load of emotional/behavioral problems and language delay because of prenatal stress and/or anxiety in approximately 15% of subjects.\nAnimal studies have also suggested that exposure to stressors or steroids during early life alters the programming of neuroendocrine and neuroimmune systems. For example, maternal separation of rodent pups during the first 2 weeks of life has been shown to induce alterations in behavior and hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis reactivity to stress that persists throughout life.\nThe long-term effects of early life stress on vulnerability to neurological events, such as seizures or stroke, are well documented. These findings provide evidence that early life stress modifies the development of the HPA axis, brain function, and neurobehavior.\nEarly\u2010Life Stress: Neuroactive Steroids\nAnimal studies have amply demonstrated that stress exposure during pregnancy or in early postnatal life can adversely influence brain development and have long\u2010term \u2018programming\u2019 effects on future brain function and behavior. Furthermore, a growing body of evidence from human studies supports the hypothesis that some psychiatric disorders may have developmental origins.\nConsequences of early\u2010life stress can cause: dysregulation of the hypothalamic\u2010pituitary\u2010adrenal (HPA) axis, heightened anxiety behavior and cognitive impairments. Neuroactive steroids modulate neuronal activity and play a key role in neurodevelopment. Moreover they can negatively modulate activity of the HPA axis, exert anxiolytic actions and influence cognitive performance.\nThus, neuroactive steroids may provide a link between early\u2010life stress and the resultant adverse effects on the brain and behavior. An enhanced understanding of the influence of early\u2010life stress on brain neurosteroid systems could aid the identification of new targets for developing treatments for stress\u2010related conditions in humans.\nThe Quality of Family Life\nThe quality of family life influences the development of individual differences in vulnerability for affective illnesses. Victims of childhood physical or sexual abuse or parental neglect are at considerably greater risk for affective disorders. Epidemiological studies provide compelling support for the association between cumulative, adverse childhood experiences and the risk for depression. This association remains significant when adjusting for living with a mentally ill parent, thus removing the effects of a gene-environment correlation.\nMoreover, there is commonly a dose-response relationship between the number of types of adversity associated and the magnitude of the risk for depression. Statistical modeling demonstrates mediation by multiple intermediate variables, potentially acting with different degrees of effects at varying life stages. These include personality (neuroticism), low self-esteem, conduct disorder, increased risk of adverse life events, low social support, and difficulties in interpersonal relationships.\nThe results of prospective, longitudinal studies confirm the link between abuse/neglect and depression. Moreover, childhood maltreatment also associates with an increased severity of illness, reduced treatment responsivity, and increased comorbidity.\nBroader forms of familial dysfunction including persistent emotional and physical neglect, family conflict, cold, distant parent-child relationships, and conditions of harsh, inconsistent discipline compromise cognitive and emotional development and increase the risk for depression and anxiety disorders to a level comparable to that for ab", "What is the proper method for removing Click Magnetic Lashes and cleaning the eyeliner", "his wife, Sherryle Diane, and his daughter, Cherith Brook Gipson.\nSurvivors include his wife; two daughters, Cherith of Texola and Melissia Dawn Bennett of Balco; four grandchildren; four sisters, Jane Skinner of Pampa, Texas, Joye Lou Wright of Apache, Teressa Annette Gipson of Texola and Sheryl Kay Gipson of Oklahoma City; and two brothers, James Allen Gipson and Kenneth Paul Gipson, both of Amarillo.\nAmarillo Globe-News, Dec. 28, 201", ".3 points in his past 10 games, 0.2 fewer than his over/under for this matchup.\n- Harden\u2019s 21.9 points per game are 1.4 higher than Wednesday\u2019s prop total.\n- In the 15 contests he has played in this season, Harden tallied more than 20.5 points in nine of them.\n- He averages 1.1 more rebounds than his prop bet Wednesday of 5.5.\n- So far this season in 15 games played, Harden has registered a rebound total higher than 5.5 on 10 occasions.\n- Harden has averaged 10.5 assists this season, 1.0 more than his prop bet on Wednesday.\n- In 15 games this season, Harden has put up an assist total higher than 9.5 on eight occasions.\n- He drains 2.6 three-pointers per game, 0.1 more than his prop bet total on Wednesday (2.5).\nGannett may earn revenue from sports betting operators for audience referrals to betting services. Sports betting operators have no influence over nor are any such revenues in any way dependent on or linked to the newsrooms or news coverage. See operator site for Terms and Conditions. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, help is available. Call the National Council on Problem Gambling 24/7 at 1-800-GAMBLER. Must be 21 or older to gamble.", "What leads to the abrupt end of hopes for the New Year in the text segment", "Over the weekend I went to my good friend Duane\u2019s stag in Banff. We were lounging around in a bar sometime after midnight. My friend Niall was sitting beside me in a little love seat, in front of us sat a coffee table and on the other side two ladies were chatting with us. Out of the blue, one of them challenged Niall.\nShe declared, \u201cI\u2019ll betcha $20 that my friend here can beat you at an arm wrestle.\u201d\nI looked at Niall and then back at the girl\u2014she was very tiny. I thought wow, this girl must be tremendously strong or have some kind of trick, because there\u2019", "Who are the survivors mentioned in the text segment", "Starring: Jon Voight, Ving Rhames,\nDon Cheadle, Esther Rolle\nDirector: John Singleton\nIn 1982 a reporter visiting Levy County in Florida noticed a lack of black residents.\nSo he asked questions...and a long ago tragedy came to light. It is January 1, 1923\nin Rosewood, but in this largely black town built on family, faith and hard", "\u201cFor the plane in the fog, the mountain is unforeseeable, but then it is suddenly very real, and inevitable.\u201d\nSimon Forster, Minister for foreign relations\nWHAT IS KOLAB?\nKolab is a personal information management solution, also referred to as groupware. It can provide and manage your information including email, address books, calendars and tasks.\nThe Kolab server acts as the central information repository and thanks to its uniquely powerful design can host up to tens of thousands, theoretically even hundreds of thousands of users.\nAll these users can freely share email, address books, calendars and/or tasks with all, some, or none of the other users. This allows Kolab to provide the support base for a wide variety of activities, such as coordinating appointments, working on common projects and ensuring consistency in customer contact.\nThe new Kolab 2.3.0 server includes a lot of new features, namely:\n- Z-push synchronization for mobile devices\n- A reworked webadmin\n- The possibility to have multiple accounts with the same name.\n- Modular packaging of the webclient\n- Many updated core components\n- Tons of bug fixes\nA detailed list of changes is available here\nBecause of the changes in LDAP, upgrading from 2.2.4 is not trivial and requires manual intervention. Please make sure you read and follow the upgrade instructions in http://files.kolab.org/server/release/kolab-server-2.3.0/sources/1st.README\nDocumentation and OpenPKG packages are available from here as shown on http://kolab.org/download.html.\nBinary packages for Debian GNU/Linux 6.0 (Squeeze/stable) and 5.0 (Lenny/oldstable) on x86 platforms can be found next to the sources.\nSupport for Debian GNU/Linux 4.0 (etch/oldstable) was d", "What was Niall's response to the idea that the crowd thought he would buy them drinks", "What did the New York Court of Appeals clarify regarding the allocation of liability in long-tail insurance claims", "I have an issue where \u2018page is opened\u2019 event is not being called properly.\nMy process involves a form being submitted and then re-opening the same instance. Additional parameters then call a parent form and then show the page I require. . The page shows correctly but the \u2018page is opened\u2019 events are not called. If I click away from the page and then back again it works OK but this is not ideal for the user. Any ideas\nI am aware", "How should Mink Mink Magnetic lashes be stored to maintain their shape and longevity", "Dr. S. Lewis Johnson continues his discussion of the Reformed doctrines set forth in the Apostle John's gospel.\n[Message] The subject for tonight in our continuation of the study of Johannine thought is \u201cAssurance, Security and Perseverance.\u201d We\u2019re dealing again with some of the aspects of the doctrine of soteriology in John\u2019s thought, and I\u2019m going to begin with a few words by way of introduction.\nThe doctrines of assurance, security, and perseverance have never been very popular doctrines. They are popular to us in Believers Chapel because most of us believe them, but they have never really been popular doctrines. The popular language is the language of doubt. We surmise. We suppose. We may, therefore, assume. It is probably true, et cetera. In fact, the Church herself has historically never been widely known for creating a sense of certainty among her adherents. A believer\u2019s assurance of pardon of his sins, the Council of Trent affirmed, is a vain and ungodly confidence. So there is a great tradition in the Christian Church for doubt over many of the doctrines of the faith.\nCardinal Bellermein, the champion of Roman Catholicism and its defense, called the doctrine of assurance \u201ca prime error of the heretics.\u201d In this, he was not following Rome\u2019s greatest theologian, for Augustine said, \u201cTo be assured of our salvation is no arrogant stoutness. It is our faith. It is no pride. It is devotion. It is no presumption. It is God\u2019s promise.\u201d\nWhat do we mean by the terms, \u201cassurance, security and perseverance?\u201d Well, when we talk about the doctrine of the assurance of salvation, we generally mean assurance is the doctrine that affirms that the believer may have the certainty of salvation now. So assurance is the certainty that we are saved at the present moment. The doctrine of security is the doctrine that affirms that the believer may have the certainty of salvation not only now but also forever. That\u2019s really the doctrine of the eternity of the spiritual life. In fact, it probably would have been better if the Christian Church had spoken not of eternal security but the eternity of the spiritual life or the question of the continuity of the life is really the issue. \u201cContinuity,\u201d one of the contemporary theologians has said, \u201cis the central problem of those problems which must engage us.\u201d Eternal security, furthermore, is not a biblical term, and since it\u2019s not a biblical term, there are always certain people who are inclined to say, \u201cWell, it\u2019s not found in the Bible itself, the term eternal security so, therefore, I have some question about it being a biblical doctrine.\u201d\nNow, that\u2019s a foolish attitude, of course, because there are so many things that are not found in the Bible precisely; that is, the very terms, but the truth is taught there; that it\u2019s, I say, foolish to make statements like that but, nevertheless, people still make them. There is, as we all know, no mention of Trinity in the Bible, but if there is one doctrine that under girds it all, it is the doctrine of the Trinity: The Father, Son, and Holy Spirit; the three persons of the godhead, and yet one God who subsists in these persons. There is nothing in the Bible specifically about the old nature and the new nature, and again, there is no specific statement that says, \u201ceternal security.\u201d So it probably would have been better, for the sake of people who have a weakness about that, to talk about the doctrine of \u201ceternal life.\u201d If we called it the doctrine of eternal life, we would be saying the same thing, or the doctrine of the \u201ceternity of the spiritual life\u201d. That would be all right too.\nSo assurance is the certainty of salvation now. Security is the certainty of salvation both now and forever. What is the doctrine of perseverance? People speak of perseverance a great deal. Well, that\u2019s the human side of eternal security. He secures and preserves us, and we, therefore, persevere. Even Spurgeon, who was a complete Calvinist, used to say that, \u201cHe thought it was more scriptural to speak of the perseverance of the Savior than of the saints. It is, strictly speaking not man, but God who perseveres.\u201d So when we talk about the perseverance of the saints, well, we\u2019re talking about something that is biblical but, nevertheless, it probably would be wiser to speak about the perseverance of God or, at least, to make it plain that it is God who perseveres. This is the human side of the doctrine of eternal security.\nNow, sometimes the doctrine of perseverance is misunderstood and I\u2019d like to make even plainer what is meant by the doctrine of the perseverance of the saints. The doctrine of the perseverance of the saints is not simply the doctrine that the elect will be saved in the end, but rather that the elect, once converted, never fall from their salvation and will be saved to the end. Now I say that because there are those who believe that it is possible to be saved and lost and even possible for the elect to be saved and lost, but they will surely be saved again. Lutherans, for example, believe that men may lose their salvation. They do not believe, however, that the elect may lose their salvation ultimately, but they may pass through the experience of being saved and lost, and saved and lost, and some lost forever. But the elect may be saved and lost, but they will be saved ultimately.\nNow, the doctrine of the perseverance of the saints is not merely to the effect that the elect will certainly be saved in the end, but also that they can never fall from the life the eternal life that they have when they believe in the Lord Jesus Christ. They may have fallen to sin upon occasion but they will not fall from their salvation. And, furthermore, it is probably true to say that the doctrine of perseverance also teaches that the life that we obtain through regeneration, and the habits of it, will never entirely disappear from the experience of the Christian. In other words, there has to be some evidence that we have passed from death into life. It\u2019s possible that no one ever sees that. It\u2019s possible that a man has truly believed in Jesus Christ, and we do not see any of the effects of that, but they must be there because the change of life will manifest itself. Only God may see it. He may see it in some changed attitudes towards the saints or towards the Bible or saints may do things of which we don\u2019t have knowledge.\nSo when we say that a person is a saint and say he will persevere in the faith, we mean he will not apostatize from the faith. He will be preserved by the Lord to the end as a saved individual. And we also mean that he has had a change of life; a definite change of life and those habits that appear from the work of the Spirit in sanctification, can never entirely disappear from him. To put it simply, as one of the leading theologians has put it, \u201cPerseverance is that continuous operation of the Holy Spirit in the believer, by which the work of divine grace that is begun in the heart, is continued, and brought to completion.\u201d So assurance, the certainty of salvation now; eternal security, the certainty of salvation now and forever; perseverance, the human side of eternal security, and perseverance is the truth that the believer will certainly be saved in the end. He will not fall from his salvation once he possesses it, and there will be a distinct change in his life as a result of his conversion.\nWell now, let\u2019s look at assurance first and in the outline, in case you are keeping outlines of the studies in Johannine theology, in my notes this is Roman I: Assurance, and John 3:31 through 36. So turn with me to the 3rd chapter of the Gospel of John, and let me read beginning at verse 31 through verse 36. Now, I\u2019m reading tonight from the New International Version. My Authorized Version is about to fall to pieces, and that lady wrote from Saint Lucia that she wanted a Bible and three or four people in the congregation have already gotten ready to send her a Bible. She touched the hearts of", "Listen to this post\nThe battle between old-school nostalgia and modern gadgetry has been raging for centuries, but it seems to have reached a fever pitch in recent decades, given our rapid improvements in technology, increase in consumer demand, and cultural divides between old and new. Vinyl or MP3? Satellite or cable? Books or Kindles? Batman or Superman?\nThis struggle between modernity and tradition is particularly obvious in the world of film, where aging film buffs and modern indie film fans frequently duke it out over which type of film is better \u2013 35 mm, 24mm, 70mm, IMAX, digital\u2026?\nWith the recent resurgence of throwback film techniques (most notably, Quentin Tarantino\u2019s use of 70mm film to shoot his 2015 western thriller The Hateful Eight \u2013 see the clip above), a whole new generation of people are being exposed to some nearly forgotten film styles, and an ancient debate is heating up once again.\nWhat is 70mm Film?\nAs the advertisements for Tarantino\u2019s latest film proudly proclaimed, the movie would be available for viewing in \u201cGlorious 70mm \u2013 Ultra Panavision 70\u201d, and most people had no idea what they meant. Well, 70mm is just another variety of analogue film, more specifically, a film reel with frames that are 70mm in width. The gauge for most motion pictures is 35mm, and while most movies are still wonderful to watch, the difference when you jump to a 70mm gauge is quite noticeable.\nThe resolution of 70mm film is much better than 35mm, providing a richer visual experience and extremely detailed images that are a joy to watch. This type of film also changes the aspect ratio of the film, stretching it to a wider 2.2:1 ratio, rather than the typical 1.35:1 (known as the Academy ratio) or 16:9 (widescreen ratio). This makes 70mm films ideal for larger and wider screens (for example, IMAX films shoot on a special type of 70mm film).\nNow, it\u2019s important to remember that Tarantino is far from the first person to use 70mm film for a movie; in fact, the technology dates back to the very beginning of cinema. Throughout film history, when a director wanted to shoot an epic film, such as Ben-Hur or Lawrence of Arabia, they would choose to shoot on 70mm film. This was perfect for the Panavision movie palaces that featured extremely wide screens and could accommodate the wider image of these early \u201cblockbusters\u201d. However, as the decades passed, movie theaters evolved (and shrank), the popularity of the lighter and less expensive 35mm film grew, and 70mm film fell from popularity, despite its undeniably better quality.\nThe equipment to transport, store, and play 70mm film was expensive, bulky, and difficult to manipulate, as were the cameras u", "Charlotte and I have been best friends since kindergarten. While neither of us will admit how long we\u2019ve been celebrating our thirty-ninth birthdays, it certainly has been for a while.\nOur mothers bred us to marry rich men. Marty and I were going steady when I was in my freshman year of college and he was a pre-med sophomore. I put him through medical school, and today his ads proclaim him the \u201cNose Job King of Queens.\u201d\nCharlotte also married very well. Richie\u2019s father owns a chain of nursing homes. And though the elder Mr. Feinberg has been indicted for Medicaid fraud a few times, he proudly points out that he has never been convicted. As Charlotte likes to say, \u201cI lend the Feinberg family a touch of class.\u201d\nI suppose that\u2019s true. Charlotte had always wanted to be an actress. She\u2019d starred in every play since middle school. But before we finished college, it was sadly apparent that the only way she would ever appear in even an off-off-Broadway play would be if the Feinberg family produced it.\nWhen Charlotte half-jokingly mentioned the idea to her father-in-law, he got a good laugh out of it. \u201cBelieve me,\u201d he said, \u201cthe nursing home business gives our family enough entertainment.\u201d\nPerhaps that was the exact moment when the dream died: Charlotte realized that her role in life \u2013 at least for the next fifteen years \u2013 would be a full-time mother.\nOur families live on the same block in the Douglaston section of Queens, a well-to-do community on the Nassau County line. Our kids play together, our husbands are buddies, and most importantly, we have fulfilled our mothers\u2019 dreams.\nBut was this all there was in life? More and more, Charlotte would whine about how she missed \u201cBroadway.\u201d And my response was always, \u201cCharlotte, we can get front row seats for any Broadway play. And we\u2019ve seen every hit in the last twenty years.\u201d\n\u201cThat\u2019s not what I mean and you know it, Connie!\u201d\n\u201cCharlotte, you know and I know that it\u2019s way too late to resume your acting career.\u201d\n\u201cWho said anything about acting? I\u2019ve decided to become a Broadway producer.\u201d\n\u201cYou and who else?\u201d\n\u201cFunny you should ask.\u201d\n\u201cI don\u2019t follow.\u201d\n\u201cConnie, you and I are going to produce a Broadway play.\u201d\n\u201cAre you insane?\u201d\n\u201cI\u2019ve never been saner in my entire life!\u201d\n\u201cCharlotte, you need help! Should I call a doctor?\u201d\n\u201cWho, Marty?\u201d We both burst out laughing. She reached out and hugged me. Still laughing, Charlotte said, \u201cDo you really think I need a nose job?\u201d\n\u201cSure. Marty could do an enhancement, so your nose would be in proper proportion to your swelled head.\u201d We just laughed and laughed.\nFinally, I asked, \u201cYou are serious, aren\u2019t you?\u201d\n\u201cConnie, I\u2019ve never been more serious in my life.\u201d\n\u201cHow much will it cost us?\u201d\n\u201cAbout a quarter of a million each.\u201d\n\u201cThere are several other backers.\u201d\n\u201cHow did you get involved in this?\u201d\n\u201cYou remember my niece, Marcy?\u201d\n\u201cOh, sure! The actress who has been following in your footsteps.\u201d\n\u201cWell, let me tell you something, Connie. Little Marcy is all grown up now. She\u2019s had parts in a few off-Broadway plays, and now she\u2019s up for a great part in a Broadway play: It\u2019s the chance of a lifetime!\u201d\n\u201cThat\u2019s great, Charlotte!\u201d\n\u201cWell, it could be great! The only problem is that the backers are half a million short.\u201d\n\u201cLook, Charlotte, if it means that much to you, I\u2019ll talk to Marty. I\u2019m sure we can swing it.\u201d\nThe next day I called Charlotte to tell her that Marty and I were in. But I felt just a little uneasy when she said that we would actually be associate producers,", "use. Family life also serves as a source of resilience in the face of chronic stress. Thus, warm, nurturing families tend to promote resistance to stress and to diminish vulnerability to stress-induced illness. The epidemiology of affective disorders reflects the profound influence of family life on neural development and mental health.\nEarly Social Environment\nThe relationship between the quality of the early social environment and health in adulthood appears to be, in part, mediated by the development of individual differences in neural systems that underlie the expression of behavioral and endocrine responses to stress.\nThus, physical and sexual abuse in early life increases endocrine and autonomic responses to stress in adulthood. Likewise, variations in parental care associate with individual differences in neuroendocrine and autonomic responses to stress in humans as well as emotional reactivity. Finally, there is considerable evidence in favor of the hypothesis that individual differences in stress reactivity predict the risk for depression\nThus, the influence of familial depressive illness is, in part at least, mediated by increased stress reactivity, enhancing the response of the individual to mild, regular stressors (ie, hassles). Individuals with early adverse experience appear to be sensitized to the depressive effects of acute stress in adulthood.\nWe have all felt it \u2013 stress. Sometimes it is a powerful ally that helps us perform better in an exam or when giving a talk. But when it turns into a long-lasting partner, it can become a serious health problem that may even interfere with our ability to live a normal life. Furthermore, stress is a key issue in certain periods of our life, such as pregnancy.\nA number of scientific studies have already linked stress in pregnant women to premature birth, low birth weight, some skin conditions, asthma and even anxiety and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, the reasons underlying these associations remain elusive. So what if gut microbiota played a role?\nA new study by researchers from the Behavioural Science Institute of Radboud University Nijmegen in the Netherlands, published in the journal Psychoneuroendocrinology, appears to shed some light on this link between stress in pregnant women and their babies\u2019 microbiota.\nAccording to the authors of the study, mothers who experience high and prolonged levels of stress during gestation are more likely to have infants with more probabilities of suffering intestinal problems and allergic reactions.\nThe scientists recruited 56 pregnant mothers and measured women\u2019s levels of stress by asking them to complete a questionnaire and to provide a saliva sample in which they analysed the concentrations of cortisol (the so-called stress hormone) prior to delivery. The Dutch researchers subsequently examined the microbiota of the babies\u2019 guts through stool samples collected from the age of 7 days up until 4 months after birth.\nAccording to this team of experts, there is a correlation between highly stressed pregnant mothers and the composition of microbes in the newborns\u2019 guts. These infants had a significantly higher relative abundance of Proteobacterial groups, known, in the author\u2019s words, to contain pathogens (Escherichia, Serratia and Enterobacter), and lower quantities of lactic acid bacteria such as Lactobacillus, Lactococcus, Aerococcus and Bifidobacteria.\nAltogether, experts consider this pattern to be related to a potentially increased level of inflammation. This aberrant colonization pattern was related to more maternally reported infant gastrointestinal symptoms and allergic reactions. They also saw that breastfeeding, which is known to promote the development of beneficial microbes in the intestine due to the prebiotic content of breast milk, was not enough to protect the baby from the negative effects of its mother\u2019s stress.\nAlthough it remains a theory, researchers speculate that the cortisol may be interfering with bile production, which could, in turn, influence gut bacteria. They also highlight this stress hormone may be able to pass through the placenta and increase cortisol levels in the foetus, thus affecting the development of the gastrointestinal tract.\nAccording to the authors of the paper, the study has shown clear links between the mother\u2019s stress during pregnancy and the baby\u2019s gut microbiota development and health. For these Dutch experts, the results suggest there is a possible mechanism by which maternal prenatal stress influences the development of the foetus.\nNevertheless, the reasons behind this link are still unknown and require further research. Finally, researchers from Radboud University Nijmegen consider their findings may open up a potential way for bacterial interventions to improve health and development in babies born to stressed mothers.\nMaternal prenatal stress is associated with the infant intestinal microbiota. (*)", "What event will be broadcast live on February 14 at 9PM ET on NBC", "What ingredients and steps are involved in making homemade bath salts as described in the text", "What are some advantages of 70mm film over 35mm film", "What actions did the EPA take regarding the pesticide chlorpyrifos after the SAP review", "What event is taking place in the center of Kyiv involving approximately 10 thousand people", "n airtight glass jar.\n- Food coloring (optional, for prettiness!)\n- In a large bowl, add 2 cups of Epsom salt.\n- Add 10-15 drops of your favorite essential oil. Mix well. For a relaxing bath, use lavender. For a pick-me-up, use something citrusy such as grapefruit. Colds and sinus infections, eucalyptus is your best choice!\n- If you're using food coloring, add one drop at a time and mix. If you feel like there is not enough color, add another drop. Remember when it comes to food coloring, less can be more!\n- Mix everything well and pour into an airtight glass jar.\n- You can throw in a Silica gel pack to keep the salts from hardening.\n- Throw a handful of bath salts in a running bath and reap the benefits!\nIf you like this post, don't forget to share", "Chlorpyrifos is an organophosphate insecticide, which means that it acts by basically shutting down an enzyme in insects that enables them to control their muscles and organs. Organophosphates have been banned in household situations since 2000, but continue to be permitted in agricultural use, where they\u2019re extremely widely used in a spray format on crops like almonds, fruit trees, and corn.\nIn July of 2016, the EPA, in response to a few other studies alleging chlorpyrifos\u2019s danger (like this one from Columbia), performed its own health assessment on chlorpyrifos, and declared that the ways the pesticide is normally used are not safe. From their site:\nBased on current labeled uses, the revised analysis indicates that expected residues of chlorpyrifos on food crops exceed the safety standard under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA). In addition, the majority of estimated drinking water exposure from currently registered uses, including water exposure from non-food uses, continues to exceed safe levels, even taking into account more refined drinking water exposure. This assessment also shows risks to workers who mix, load and apply chlorpyrifos pesticide products.\nBut late last night (Wednesday, March 29), Pruitt decided to reject this finding \u2013 yes, his own agency\u2019s research \u2013 and declined to ban the insecticide, claiming the research is \u201cunreliable.\u201d The manner in which he did this is called a \u201cfinal agency action,\u201d which the Yale Law Journal calls an \u201cunusual statutory requirement.\u201d It essentially means that the issue will not be reexamined until 2022, when the EPA is legally required to take another look at chlorpyrifos (the agency is required to re-evaluate all pesticides every 15 years, though they can accelerate those if they choose). The next review date for chlorpyrifos is set for October of 2022.\nSo Why is Chlorpyrifos Bad?\nChlorpyrifos goes under a few brand names, most commonly Dursban and Lorsban, and is manufactured by Dow Chemical. (The company is very keen to keep farmers using the pesticide.) Evidence from the EPA points to a litany of serious issues with chlorpyrifos. In children, it\u2019s been associated with higher levels of autism and inattention disorders, intelligence deficits, low birth weight, decreased motor skills, and more. Children may be exposed to this in a variety of ways: drifting residue from crop spraying, direct contact on farms, seeping into local waterways, etc. Studies indicate that in places where chlorpyrifos is used, especially the agricultural regions of California, children display higher rates of chlorpyrifos in their systems than the EPA considers safe \u2013 and these aren\u2019t children working in the fields; these are just kids who live in California\u2019s Central Valley. Youths are hit particularly har", "What inspired the post mentioned in the text segment", "How many people are participating in the action on Hrushevskogo Street", "What is the main benefit of using Avira's free antivirus for Windows according to the text", "The Philadelphia 76ers, including James Harden, face the Detroit Pistons at 7:00 PM ET on Wednesday. With prop bets available for Harden in this matchup, let\u2019s take a look at the stats and trends to help you make good predictions.\nHarden averages 21.9 points, 6.6 rebounds and 10.5 assists per game. At the other end, he posts 1.3 steals and 0.5 blocked shots.\nJames Harden Prop Lines and Game Time\n- Matchup: Philadelphia 76ers vs. Detroit Pistons\n- Time: 7:00 PM\n- Date: December 21, 2022\n- TV Channel: BSDET and NBCS-PH\n- NBA League Pass: The most live games plus NBA TV. Free trial\n- Points Prop: Over 20.5 (-115)\n- Rebounds Prop: Over 5.5 (-140)\n- Assists Prop: Over 9.5 (-135)\nJames Harden vs. Detroit Pistons\n- Harden is averaging 3.0 more points against the Pistons than his prop bet total for this game.\n- His 9.8 rebounds per game versus the Pistons are 4.3 more than his prop bet total.\n- Harden racks up more assists versus the Pistons \u2014 0.3 more per game, to be exact \u2014 than his prop bet total.\n- In games against the Pistons, Harden has made 0.2 fewer three-pointers per game than his current over/under (2.5).\nJames Harden Prop Insights\n- Harden has averaged 20", "What happened at the backers meeting that almost led to the cancellation of the show", "hat Johnson will make a decision on how to handle his injury in the next day or two.\nNFL Network\u2019s Ian Rapoport added a re-signing of veteran Chris Johnson could be a potential addition to the running back room. Arians also said Johnson is an option.\nReports after the Cardinals\u2019 35-23 loss indicated a wide range of timelines following Johnson\u2019s injury, which was reported to be a sprained wrist. Rapoport reported there was no break, but Chris Mortensen added that a team source believed Johnson could miss \u201ca few weeks\u201d to \u201chalf the season or more.\u201d\nJohnson rushed for 23 yards on 11 carries and added six receptions for 68 yards before he left the game late in the third quarter.\nThe third-year back was injured on a play that led to a lost fumble.\n- Arians endorses Bettcher, Armstrong for Cardinals\u2019 head coaching job\n- PFF: Budda Baker a top performer among 2017 second rounders\n- Browns to hire former Cardinals special teams coach Amos Jones\n- Mel Kiper\u2019s first 2018 NFL mock draft has Cardinals taking DB\n- Report: Panthers\u2019 Steve Wilks will have second interview with Cardinals", "What serious issues have been associated with chlorpyrifos, particularly in children"]}