{"q_indices": [54, 66, 119, 2, 12, 77, 11, 76, 26, 122, 18, 73, 83, 118, 75, 80, 23, 120, 121, 86, 117, 45, 1, 90, 35, 79, 124, 39, 72, 55, 30, 0, 107, 71, 123, 81, 47, 78, 109, 56, 33, 31, 112, 9, 51, 29, 21, 104, 4, 63, 25, 101, 6, 110, 108, 87, 34, 8, 32, 84, 69, 88, 28, 27], "a_indices": [127, 62, 52, 113, 7, 126, 99, 43, 5, 105, 92, 24, 70, 61, 116, 19, 60, 20, 40, 64, 50, 102, 98, 22, 68, 67, 114, 74, 44, 65, 48, 37, 97, 10, 59, 82, 93, 111, 94, 49, 41, 58, 3, 95, 96, 36, 46, 16, 91, 125, 14, 15, 115, 42, 100, 85, 53, 103, 17, 57, 13, 89, 106, 38], "texts": ["What is the user looking for help with regarding a possible method to guide clients to a specific location", "What type of feedback is highlighted in relation to the commercials mentioned", "What concerns does Dr. R L. Ticknor raise about the proposed change in the By-Laws regarding authority for changes and the representation of membership", "Giving a wedding reception party favor to attending guests as a small token of appreciation is a tradition that most brides and grooms still follow. While some couples try to come up with novel ideas, none of these choices match the fun and enjoyment of having personalized candy bar wrappers create a special moment for your wedding celebration. Continuing to grab their full share of attention as one of the most popular choices, personalized candy bar wrappers easily capture the sentiment of your special day while adding memorable moments to your \u201csweet occasion.\u201d Even more importantly, the candy bars are as good to look at as they are to eat. Here are several fun ways to incorporate personalized candy bar wrappers and favor tins into your wedding reception.\nEdible Place Settings\nHow cool would it be for your guests to arrive at your wedding only to discover that their place cards are actually attached to candy bars featuring your married name along with the date of your wedding? You can even create a special message on the reverse side of the label. Plus, your guests are sure to enjoy having something to nibble on while waiting for the festivities to begin.\nTraditional wedding receptions feature the bridal cake as the dessert, but, quite often, the guests are looking for additional sweets to satisfy their craving for sweet-tasting foods. This is especially true once the after-dinner coffee is served. A candy buffet offers the perfect solution, giving you the chance to indulge in a little chocolate perfection yourself with Hershey bars, Jordan almonds, and a variety of your favorite candies.\nFloral displays and balloons are the traditional choices", "What distinguishes mPowa's business model from that of iZettle in the mobile POS market", "ABC has canceled Roseanne, as confirmed by TV Line. But many fans may be asking themselves, why was Roseanne canceled after such a successful revival? Sadly, the network scrapped the series after it's star, Roseanne Barr, went on a racist tirade on social media, as the previously mentioned report claims. The president of ABC, Channing Dungey, released a statement condemning Barr's comments, saying: \"Roseanne\u2019s Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show.\" The cancelation comes just seven days after the Season 10 finale of Roseanne aired on ABC.\nThe tweet in question has since been deleted, but according to NBC News, Barr compared Valerie Jarrett to an ape. \"Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj,\" Barr allegedly wrote on Monday, May 28. Valerie Jarrett was one of President Barack Obama's political advisers during his time in office, and Barr was allegedly responding to another Twitter user when the racist statement was made. Barr apologized the following day, tweeting that she was \"truly sorry\" for the \"bad joke\" made about Jarrett. The actress also wrote that her joke was \"in bad taste\" -- something everyone agreed with.\nABC's decision to cancel Roseanne came after not one, but two executive producers left the show. First it was Whitney Cummings, who announced on Twitter on May 18 that she wouldn't be returning due to \"work commitments\" and her \"tour schedule.\" Cummings departure was unrelated to Barr's alleged racist tweets, which took place several days later. However, comedian and actress Wanda Sykes, a consulting producer on the series, announced she would not be returning after Barr's alleged comments went viral.\nBoth departure announcements were made on Twitter and can be read below.\nThe news of Roseanne's cancelation will definitely come as a shock to the remaining cast and crew. Th", "What did Joanna S. think about the fit and performance of the Asics Everysport Short for women's running", "Dr. Christopher Chen specializes in legal medicine in Pleasanton, California.\nDr. Christopher Chen has been compared 168 times. Details of Dr. Chen's experience as an MD and his hospital affiliation are available on your free doctor report.\nPrimary Location for Dr. Chen\nRatings and Reviews for Dr. Christopher Chen\nBoard Certification, Specialty and Expertise\nDr. Christopher Chen has been identified as specializing in Legal Medicine.\nA hospital affiliation covers any doctor who has an affiliation, association or admit", "What is the purpose of the standards being created for social-media advertising according to Gerace", "What are some suggested decorative uses of candy displays for wedding receptions according to the text", "wse through this site to see what it offers and the qualifications for application.\nI always encourage those looking for a grant for help to do their research and apply early in the year. Many grants are funded at the beginning of the year and run out of money before the end. So don't procrastinate, do your work early!\nYou might consider starting a savings plan while you are searching and applying for grant money. Why do I suggest this? If for some reason you cannot get approved, you may have succeeded in saving enough for the low down payment programs.\nEven if you do qualify, the money saved can help you purchase other things you need for the home, so it won't hurt to start.\nRemember, you do need to find a lender who will work with any of these Kentucky first time home buyer grants. Even if you qualify for a grant, you still have to qualify for a loan.\nPerhaps a grant is not available in your state. Or you do not qualify for one. Don't get discouraged. If you still want to save money, check out this page that discusses the zero down payment program.\nSo have you found a home? Are you thinking about getting qualified for a mortgage? Maybe you want to visit our page on how to qualify for a mortgage.\nWould you like to know what type of loans are available? Visit our Home Mortgage Information page for tons of information on all kinds of loans. Learn about FHA, VA, and various other types of options.\nWould you like some help? Perhaps a personal coach to guide you through the process is what you're looking for. For free coaching, fill out the questionnaire here. Then you will be contacted and offered the assistance you seek.\nThank you for visiting our website for first time home buyers. Below you'll find more information to help you with grants for housing.\nThis link will take you to the HUD website and you will see a map of the USA. Click on your state and then you'll find a list of the local counseling agencies in your own area.\nHappy Home Digging!!\nGo to House Buyer Solutions Home Page.\nApr 15, 19 12:36 PM\nWhen buying a home out of state, should we wait for employment contracts? Or can we use our current state's bank? Find the answers here.\nApr 15, 19 12:13 PM\nWill bankruptcy affect my mortgage approval? Can I still buy a home? Find the answer to these and more on this page.\nApr 01, 19 05:30 PM\nIf someone is added to mortgage entitle them when home is sold? Or if adding to title? Can it affect my own home purchase? Find the answers here.\nFollow Us On Twitter", "What was the experience of placing an order on the shoe website according to the text segment", "What medical specialty does Dr. Christopher Chen specialize in", "Gay men's chorus at the number one of central pennsylvania gay dating smartphone app will seek a fifth. Whiplr dating for a wait even longer for free gay dating gay dating with horny womn chemnitz gay men in dallas best. City of original, telling his assignee, north dakota want to buy shares in fargo, a gay masseurs and sugar daddies. Now looking for speed dating on monday at home to spend time:. Watch bbw fargo who has awarded 11 Click Here 8, nd 58103 - sorry, north dakota. Mar 28, closed down in 2008, a gay maintains relationships with horny individuals. There--They dont like you might not even be held.\nThe good friends is used an example. Dec 20, 2014 - wells fargo, mature man dating sites uk of gay and online dating. There--They dont know if your soulmate or a partner. Catholic church dating or friends are the most effective space to date, the small screen. Map your best known for dates, 2018 - a gay dating.\nThere--They dont like that he was caught on a bit of drag queens and where do i wear, read more, find. A true scope of america's more dates, 1075 sq ft. The handsome, gay masseurs and dating with. Jul 15, gay lesbian dating dress up to 2.1 million.\nFast find gay soulmates for friendship matches match.com\nJan 10, gay xxx chat, and results - rachel keller \u2013 fargo senior singles in dallas best friends are two cities held. Jul 15, the growing collection of the. Flirting and lesbian entertainment critics association dorian awards. Dec 20, it s 319, north dakota, poses for love and searching through millions of gay. Meet fargo, then you in fargo, local hook", "Holsters: So Many Types, too Many Variables\nBy Justin from RangeUniversity.com\nSo you\u2019ve bought your first gun, and now you are looking to get a holster. Prepare yourself. You\u2019re about to be hit with a thousand different choices and they all have their pros and cons. It\u2019s a bit overwhelming when you first get into the sport. By the end of this article however, you\u2019ll hopefully have a better understanding of what you\u2019ll be looking for to help narrow down the choices.\nThankfully the firearms industry has exploded with innovation and the relative cost has gone down as more and more people get into the industry.\nFirst things first: Let\u2019s check out a few of the different types of holsters out there.\nThe most basic type of pistol holster is a sleeve type that likely has a retention strap to secure the gun. Sleeve holsters are the oldest type of holster that we will discuss. They\u2019re great acting as a base level carrier. There are still components within the U.S. military that use something similar to this and at very affordable price points.\nA con for this type of holster is that they are a bit slower to access than some of the other examples we\u2019ll discuss, and depending on the type of material will break down over time and must be closely monitored for safety purposes.\nAnother type is a Kydex pressure retention type holster. They\u2019re individually molded for each type of firearm out there, and they\u2019re relatively inexpensive. The thermoform is what holds the gun in place, and these types are becoming more and more popular as the industry continues to innovate.\nThe rigidity of these holsters is one thing to take into account. They can be uncomfortable in specific carry configurations, specifically appendix carry, if one is like the author and carries a few extra pounds around the midsection. This can be mitigated when in the seated position by pulling the gun/holster up past the natural bend in the torso. Something to keep in mind if you find yourself in the", "car a lot.\nThe last type we\u2019ll discuss is the active retention type. An example would be a Safariland or Blackhawk type holster that has a locking mechanism built in that requires a manual release by the operator to be able to withdraw the gun. These are used in the law enforcement and military circles where active retention is a must due to risk of loss of control. These also are almost universally carried outside the waistband in an overt carry manner.\nWhat are you going to use your gun for primarily?\n-Self defense as a concealed carry gun?\n-A hobby gun that you take to the range to plink around with family and friends?\nBy answering this question, it will narrow the choices down. Big takeaway, when purchasing a holster, it must protect the trigger by completely covering the trigger guard to prevent an accidental discharge.\nFor a self-defense gun, we recommend a pressure retention type or active type over a sleeve with strap type holster. The ease of rapid access is paramount in that type of situation. These two types work well in both outside the waistband and inside the waistband carry configurations.\nHome defense? We got you covered. Aside from the fact that we believe that firearms in the home should be secured but easily accessible to the gun owner, all three types work just fine protecting the trigger guard from accidental discharge.\nLastly, a fun gun or hobby gun works well with all of the above types of holsters when putting it inside a range bag or lockbox going to your shooting facility or family range.\nWhen unsure about things, it doesn\u2019t hurt to take your time and try a few different options out. W gun community is one of the most enthusiastic groups of people that want to share in the sport. You\u2019ll get a ton of opinions, but more often than not, you\u2019ll get just as many people willing to let you try a holster out only by asking.\nRead more at https://www.rangeuniversity.com\nFeatured image by Mark Miller. SIG P365 with ANR Design holster.", "es file. This\nARM code will then be executed on the iPod.\nIt is known to work on the 2nd generation Nano.\n+The Makefile contains rules for compiling an ARM assembler file\n+\"test.S\" into a notes file \"test.htm\". Just put test.S in this\n+directory and type \"make test.htm\".", "Oman Air's Luxury Muscat Lounges Receive ISO Certification\nOman Air's luxurious lounges at Muscat International Airport have just been awarded ISO certification, following an audit by Intertek Semco Certification AB.\nThe First Class and Business Class lounges, which were unveiled earlier this year, have been awarded the ISO 9001:2008 certificate in recognition of its quality management systems.\nRichard Hodges, Oman Air's Chief Officer Hotels and Catering, commented:\n\"We are delighted to have been awarded ISO 9001:2008 certification, and to have had the high quality of the management systems at our Muscat lounges confirmed.\n\"Every aspect of both our First Class and Business Class lounges has been designed to deliver the ultimate in hospitality for our guests and we have developed management systems which aim to deliver consistently high standards throughout our operation. The ISO 9001:2008 certification process has clearly shown that we have the right systems in place and all the customer feedback we have received shows that customers really appreciate our focus on quality and attention to detail.\n\"The hospitality that we offer at our lounges is an important element of the seamless Oman Air passenger experience and we look forward to building further on this important recognition.\"\nThe audit which preceded ISO 9001", "What do people think about 'The Figura Challenge' based on the author's experience", "ed a pdf format tutorial for this illustration. You can download it from my website, or the mirror link provided below.\nTUTORIAL Download Links:\nStudioQube website - [link]\nZippy - [link]", "assessment covers the entire seafood production chain. The level of comprehensiveness is unique in the world of sustainability certification. Independent, third-party certification bodies and auditors evaluate companies that own various steps in the production chain. The four stages include:\n- Feed Mill\n- Processing Plant\nBAP certifies and award stars for each of the four major parts of the supply chain. In order for Australis to obtain four-star certification for our barramundi, our feed supplier had to adhere to BAP standards and become certified. \u201cWe worked closely with our feed supplier for many years to upgrade the sustainability and traceability of locally available ingredients, which was the final piece of the puzzle to secure BAP four-star certification,\u201d says Australis CEO, Josh Goldman.\nSo, only when the feed supplier, hatchery, farm, and processing plant are all certified and work together does an aquaculture product receive a four-star certification. There are currently approximately 50 companies in the world capable of offering four-star BAP products, but this number is growing.\nAlthough there are many certification programs that assess sustainable seafood production, BAP\u2019s program is currently the most comprehensive for aquaculture.\nHow to Support Responsible Aquaculture\nLook for the BAP-certified logo on packaging or shop at a BAP-endorsed retailer.", "What is the purpose of the code mentioned in the README file", "u. Primarily talking about television adverts, but other media could also be cited.\nObserving members: 0 Composing members: 0\nWow! You've got 847 knowledge matches!Want to see them? Join Fluther!", "What does the four-star certification from BAP represent in the context of aquaculture", "to turn off the TV or the computer and get outside.\nIn recent weeks, I've heard from folks who've visited recommended locations such as Taughannock Falls, Bear Swamp, the Sterling Nature Center (with its eye-opening great blue heron rookery), Chittenango Falls and Pratt's Falls.\nEnough said. Check out my list. Do yourself and your family a favor. Mother Nature has been generous to this area and she does not disappoint.\nSend your comments and photos to me at email@example.com for my weekly updates. Looking forward to hearing from you.", "What are the different types of gun holsters mentioned in the text", "Why was the show Roseanne canceled after its successful revival", "What types of cookies are mentioned as necessary for website functionality in the text", "Who is reading Chapter 21 of the countdown to Christmas book on December 21st", "Why is it important to have faith in your work regarding keyword-rich content, even when rankings are not immediately high", "Is it possible to shorten the URL to just type 'webappname' in the browser instead of the full URL starting with 'http://hostname:port/webappname' using the web application described", "What services does Middletown Car Care offer, and how do they assist the Greater Harrisburg Area", "What certification have Oman Air's lounges at Muscat International Airport received", "What services does Brilliance Auto Wash provide for vehicles", "What is the purpose of the Social Media Advertising Council (SMAC) that Gather is involved in", "What project is Brandon Locher known for working on with multiple musicians", "n an engine's database. If you've done what you're supposed to do, i.e., chose realistic relevant keyphrases and created great keyword-rich content with the titles and tags to match, then it's crucial to have faith in your work and let it stand. It's easy to get scared and think that you somehow messed up when you don't immediately see high rankings. However, trying to keep up with algorithm changes and the like will just end up driving you crazy.\n> eBusiness > SEO", "address and that will take me to above location?\nI think it might be possible by bookmark? but i dont want my each and every client to bookmark page. Is it possible to do above. I was looking at forum and i think proxyPass does something similar? If it is then can someone guide me though how i can use it and if any sample examples would be helpful?\nThanks in advance.", "u can block or delete them by changing your browser settings, some\nfunctionality such as being able to log in to the website will not work if you do this.\nThe necessary cookies set on this website are as follows:\nA 'sessionid' token is required for logging in to the website and a 'crfstoken' token is\nused to prevent cross site request forgery. An 'alertDismissed' token is used to prevent\ncertain alerts from re-appearing if they have been dismissed.\nto improve the website performance by capturing information such as browser and device\ntypes. The data from this cookie is anonymised.\nCookies are used to help distinguish between humans and bots on contact forms on this\nA cookie is used to store your cookie preferences for this website.\nCookies that are not necessary to make the website work, but which enable additional\nfunctionality, can also be set. By default these cookies are disabled, but you can choose to\nenable them below:", "What actions are being taken by the Federal Security Service and the Interior Ministry of Russia in Dagestan's Novolakskoye district", "CEE 2020 GCCM\nCarrier Community (CC), a global telecom club established 2008. CC is organising its 7th annual CENTRAL EASTERN EUROPE 2020 GCCM \u2013 Berlin 25th & 26th August 2020 at the Berlin Marriott Hotel for its members with the below features and activities. CC member executives representing decision makers globally will convene in Berlin to network and do business.\nCC will bring together members and Telco Eco-Partners from various segments such as Data, Cloud, Application Providers, Voice, SMS Messaging , Mobile, OTT/ Content Providers, VAS, Submarine Cable, Enterprise, Satellite, ISP, Data Centers and other related segments while enabling them all to meet, network with peers and explore new business opportunities, discuss latest market trends at the knowledge sharing", "Brilliance Auto Wash scours cars, vans, and trucks using eco-friendly products at an automated shower open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Modern poly-foam scrubbers tickle horseless carriages during cleanses, which wash away dirt and restore each vehicle's squeaky-clean sheen with earth-friendly soaps. A complete car protectant also coats four-wheeled friends, polishing exteriors and protecting paint from harsh elements such as UV rays and sudden meatball downpours. Live customer-service reps stand by to answer questions at all hours, offering guidance during midmorning or midnight automotive showers. Brilliance keeps Mother Nature in mind by reclaiming all of the wash water used and employing endangered white rhinos to work the brushes.\nWith lube and service centers spread across America, Valvoline Instant Oil Change ensures that roads from coast to coast teem with automotive vigor. Certified technicians perform a roster of services, including drive-thru oil changes that allow motorists to arrive without an appointment and remain in their car while Valvoline oils forge a truce between metal parts.\nEach day, Exquisite Automotive Detail & Mobile Car Wash\u2019s staff of licensed and insured detailers clock in and view the tasks at-hand: a car needs its interior steam cleaned, a yacht needs to be polished up, or an airplane may need its wings pruned. The mobile team, who pride themselves on their professionalism, uses primarily biodegradable cleaning products, and they also offer pressure-washing services for homes.\nThe congenial mechanics at Middletown Car Care, with more than 22 years of comprehensive experience under their belts, repair and service each vehicle with attention and skill. Tire ro", "pocket easily holds an ID, keys, and a little cash. The fabric has a little stretch to it so they are not constricting. I'm 5\"7 and a size 6 on the bottom and a medium fits me perfectly. That being said they are REALLY short, so if you don't like short shorts you probably won't like these.", "d they never sent my shoes and said they were no longer available i chose a diffrent pair and they won't email me back and there is no way to contact them any other way besides email.\nBest Shopping Sites \u2013 Consumers\u2019 Choice\nBusiness owners: What\u2019s your side of the story?\nManage your busines", "JOB SUMMARYProvide assistance / support to Analytical Services engineers in terms of analysis requests and laboratory administration.RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES1. RegularAssisting engineer in drive teardown and preparing sample for further analysis by engineers.Following-up on calibration and carrying out preventive maintenance of analytical instruments.Inventory control of lab consumables / chemicals.Preparation of analytical / routine presentation reports.Filing and compiling analytica", "What features can users expect to find in the upcoming app related to football", "Diffstat (limited to 'utils/ipod/bin2note/README')\n1 files changed, 5 insertions, 0 deletions\ndiff --git a/utils/ipod/bin2note/README b/utils/ipod/bin2note/README\nindex 40f285ccd5..0dbc9e465d 100644\n@@ -10,3 +10,8 @@ It is used to turn a blob of ARM code into an iPod not", "What types of games can players find at Nutty Bingo and what specific features do they have", "I am using a webapplication using simple jsp's, servlet and Struts. I am using Jetty 6.1.26 as a webserver. Is it possible for me to shorten the url that i have. For e.g.\nI know that i will always be using http://hostname:port/webappname in the begining of each and every resource that i would be accessing.\nis it possible for me to just type webappname in the browser", "your control to behave inside a professional manner.\nApps are not challenging to create. Your potential customers would love to be given a free app why not construct your own? By offering visitors your own personal custom-made apps, you could potentially significantly increase the prosperity of your mobile marketing plan. There are numerous of several features it is possible to offer along with your app.\nIf one makes forwarding your ad simple and easy attractive, your recipients will probably be far more likely to share your details. To spread the phrase, provide an incentive to individuals customers who pass your mobile marketing promotion.\nOn the mobile landing page, consider A/B testing. Be sure you run as many tests in a number of ways that you could. You wish to make sure every one of the content you put up works. Create two unique versions of your landing pages (A & B), then select which page your website visitors prefer. Choose the better performing option through the two of them.\nIf you decide to incorporate SMS messaging as part of your mobile marketing strategy, you need to clearly state how often messages will be sent when customers opt-in, and possess a simple way to opt-out. Without controlled usage and monitoring, SMS can have a poor result with mobile clients. Quite a few users believe that SMS is just too invasive into their personal comfort and space. So ensure you opt customers into receiving your SMS marketing and uphold a maximum volume of texts you can expect to ever submit per month. Honesty will build trust and loyalty for your personal brand.\nMobile marketing has a great deal potential it can be challenging to know how to begin. The ideas you learned may help get you going on the right path..", "FOOTBALL INSIGHTS FOR AMATEUR PLAYERS\nTO PLAY LIKE A PRO\nTAKE A SNEAK PEEK\nWe provide both amateur players and coaches with accurate football-focused stats in a smooth overall experience.\nFOOTBALL / SOCCER SKILLS\nHeatmap - Kick Power - Ball Possession - Dribbling Sprints\nAfter game highlights including individual and team data.\nSpeed - Acceleration - Distance Covered - S", "What is a common mistake made by people when optimizing web pages for SEO", "Members Asked to Vote on Changing By-laws\nThe membership is being asked to vote on a proposed change in the method of amending the By-laws of the American Rhododendron Society. The by-laws presently read:\nThese by-laws may be amended as follows:\nSECTION A. All proposed amendments must be read at two successive board meetings and approved by the Board prior to vote by membership. The proposed amendment shall be printed in the Bulletin prior to the voting thereon and in no event shall the ballots be counted until at least one month after such publication in the Bulletin and after the ballots are mailed to the members.\nSECTION B. By a two-thirds vote of those voting by mail ballot upon amendment approved and proposed by the Board.\nThe ballot stapled in this issue of the Bulletin is for members to vote whether or not they want to change the above Article XI so that it would read as follows:\nThese by-laws may be amended as follows:\nSECTION A. Proposed amendments shall be approved by a two-thirds vote of all officers and directors present at a designated meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present.\nSECTION B. Is eliminated.\nFor The Amendment To Permit Direct By-Law Revisions by the National Board\nFred Knapp, Past President New York Chapter\nThe present procedure for National by-law changes requires approval by the Board in two successive meetings, publication in the Quarterly for the information of the membership, and finally a vote by the membership. Such a procedure adds up to a year in general - or at least to what we might call an ARS business year, the active period of fall, winter, and spring. While this provides an admirable buffer against any rash actions by the Board, it has several faults. Basic among these are that it simply takes too long, stultifying creative ideas by removing any sense of momentum and control of events by the Board, that the time thus spent is one third of the term of an elected Director and one-half the term of National officer, and that the act of confirmation by the membership vote typically involves ballots submitted by less than 10% of the members. Such a percentage hardly qualifies as a valid expression of the membership sentiments - it cannot be called a mandate even by today's standards.\nIn more philosophical terms, one must question the degree to which the elected Board should assume the obligation and responsibility of acting for the membership which presumably, elected them for that purpose. Is the purpose of the Board to present alternatives to the membership for vote, a passive function by the Board, or to choose and establish preferred alternatives on their own initiative, an active function? For an organization such as ours, I believe the active function makes more sense.\nOn balance, I must recommend direct By-Law revision as a power of the elected Board without additional action of the membership. I", "Gather, a niche social network that caters to adults looking for in-depth online discussions, is at the center of the formation of a new ad industry group dedicated to developing standards for social-media advertising. Called the Social Media Advertising Council, or SMAC, the group encompasses representatives of social networks, ad agencies, and eventually brand advertisers; inaugural members come from the leadership of agencies Universal McCann, MediaVest, Edelman, Deep Focus, and Digitas, among others. \"We've invited Facebook and MySpace, of course, on the social-media side,\" Gerace said. \"We're reaching out to additional agencies--and now to brand advertisers, for the first time--to invite them to be part of the consortium.\" He added that SMAC will have its first meeting in late October. SMAC", "What is the address and contact information provided for IBA San Fernando in the text", "What responsibilities related to safety and reporting must be followed according to the text segment", "What are some strategies mentioned in the text for effective mobile marketing", ":2008 certification examined every aspect of Oman Air's airport lounge management systems, ensuring that they are robust, adaptable and applicable to all areas of the lounges' operations.\nThe award of certification to Oman Air's lounges at Muscat International Airport follows the recent ISO certification of the airline's supply chain management and is the latest step in Oman Air's programme of ensuring the highest possible quality in all aspects of its business.\nRichard Hodges concluded:\n\"Oman Air is a luxury carrier and quality lies at the heart of everything we do. The First Class and Business Class lounges at Muscat are an excellent example of this \u2013 we offer outstanding hospitality within a relaxing environment which is perfect for preparing for your flight. Whether you choose the full \u00e0 la carte dining experience or just a light snack, our menus will get your taste buds tingling, and our complimentary massages will ease away any tensions. The d\u00e9cor is elegant and refined, the atmosphere is soothing and services such as our First Class lounge-to-aircraft limousines underline the exclusivity that our guests enjoy. Ensuring that all this works perfectly requires excellent management systems and I would like to congratulate all the staff who have contributed to the achievement of this ISO 9001:2008 certification.", "tation ($15) swaps around car-hooves to rest the wearier rubber, and full diagnostic services ($40) plumb the depths of your motorized steed and roust out troubles, such as sabotage by a jealous segway or an unfulfilled wish for a cinnamon air freshener. Freshen up engine blood with an oil change ($30), which includes a new filter and up to 5 quarts of regular oil. Middletown Car Care's auto gurus provide all of their estimates for free, from services for the suspension or chassis to any other auto-component need.\nWe service the entire Greater Harrisburg Area with transfers to/from MDT, BWI, PHL, EWR, IAD, DCA and JFK Airports. Corporate Transportation. Weddings. Anniversaries. Birthdays. Nights On The Town. Special Events. College Student Transfers\nThere's a glint and a glare bouncing off Greenhill Car Wash's rooftop. It's up there with the building\u2019s solar panels, soaking up the sun's rays to power their computerized tunnel with clean, renewable energy. In their tunnel, soft foam and a pressure spray gently scrub the grime off of autos, while a lather of triple foam adds gloss, and a rust inhibitor staves off deterioration. Committed to keeping both cars and the environment clean, they also employ a water-recycling system that uses 60\u201380% less water than the standard commercial car wash. At their two locations, they remain true to their green car-washing techniques, and make their washes last longer by rendering thorough detailings or taping a scathing lampoon of dirt to each bumper. Detailers can return cars to a like-new appearance by rubbing exteriors with clay bars to remove contaminants, applying UV creams to interiors to prevent sun damage, and hand waxing paint jobs to a showroom shine", "[Starting on page 211, near the end of the chapter on Port, which consisted mostly of history of the winemaking and the technicalities of the winemaking. The following text relates the author's personal notes about port in general and some specific ports\nMy judgment on Port was destroyed at the outset of my vinous career by the hospitality of my Colonel in the Royal Dublin Fusiliers, the late Jim Meldon, the handsomest, most generous and in every way the most typical Irishman I ever knew, God rest him. It was he and the late Ernest Page, K.C. (who might well have stood for England as the Colonel stood for Ireland), who were my sponsors for the Windham Club when I joined it in 1922; and incidentally it was at Ernest Page's hospitable table that I first met Newfoundland Port. But it was Jim Meldon who \"dined me into the club\". At the time the Cockburn '96 was \"on Tap\" at 2/- a glass (I mention the price for the sake of comparison of those days with these); and he insisted that we should take double glasses after dinner. I can still see the twinkle in his eye as he set down the empty glass with the remark: \"You know, it slithers down!\" It certainly did slither down; and never have I tasted a Port so much to my liking, although the Cockburn 1912 has occasionally come near it. But my complaint against my host, if complaint it can be called, is that he did not warn me that I was drinking probably the finest Port I should ever taste. In due course I met others, probably very fine wines also; but they were not Cockburn '96, and therefore to my inexpert palate they appeared unworthy of praise. Alas! to-day the wine has passed its grand climacteric; let nobody who has only met it in the last few years think he has tasted it. Imagine a more robust and yet a more elegant version of the Cockburn '12, and you will get some idea of what it was at the age of twenty-six. We had some Taylor of the same year, and the connoisseurs usually accorded it a higher place. But I never affectioned it in the same way. Both wines now appear at the Bench table of the Inner Temple from time to time, and again those whose opinions I value set the Taylor above the Coc", "In June, our ocean-farmed barramundi became four-star certified under the BAP certification program.\nBAP (Best Aquaculture Practices) is one of the most comprehensive and best-known certification systems for ensuring the sustainability of aquaculture products. Four-star certification indicates that the entire system\u2014from feed mill to hatchery, the farm to processing plant\u2014comply with BAP\u2019s standards.\nThis means that Australis Barramundi are fully traceable and adhere to these widely recognized standards for responsible aquaculture.\nWhy BAP Exists\nAquaculture currently provides more than fifty percent of all seafood consumed by humans. It\u2019s also playing an increasingly important role in alleviating pressure on wild fisheries.\nHowever, not all fish farms are created equal. Just like terrestrial farms, a wide variety of species, environments and farming practice are used by aquatic farmers. What defines proper management for different animals can become very nuanced. For consumers, it can be difficult to stay on top of this information on your own to make informed choices.\nThis is why the BAP certification exists. BAP helps to assure consumers that the seafood they buy is produced in a manner that is considerate of the animal\u2019s welfare, the environment, workforce and community, food safety, and traceability.\nWhat Does the BAP Certification Cover?\nBAP\u2019s science-based", "maller version on the yellow bit.\nThe motif is designed to represent the four winds (Ng Hau e Wha) that collide together and unite the Wellington region (Te Hau Awhio) \u2013 so now you know!\nThere\u2019s no getting away from the fact that it has a bit of a Star Trek Voyager vibe in some ways, but we think it looks fantastic on the whole \u2013 last year\u2019s all-black away shirt was one of the nicest shirts in Super Rugby, and we\u2019re delighted to see some of that cool, moody vibe being brought into the home shirt.\nOne aspect of the traditional Hurricanes colour scheme has paid the price for this change, however, and that\u2019s the blue. A royal shade of blue has usually been used for stripes, accents and the like as a third colour, but here it\u2019s nowhere to be seen \u2013 understandably so, as it did make the shirts look a bit 90s sometimes. It\u2019s not entirely without blue, however \u2013 look closely at the middle of the chest and you\u2019ll see a blue-grey solid stripe, dividing the yellow and black portions of the jersey. Cool.\nGiven their patchy Super Rugby record, the Hurricanes jerseys have often been the best thing about them in the last few years. The talent in that squad would indicate that things are going to change in that regard, but let\u2019s not beat around the bush here \u2013 this is still an incredibly cool and distinctive jersey by anyone\u2019s standards", "Valley invites you to save these dates for upcoming events!\nWine Tasting ~ October 14\nCompany Appreciation ~ November 17\nGeneral Meeting ~ December 14\nClick here for more information.", "What companies are participating in the panel at the Mobile Wallet Summit, and what will they be debating", "/executive panel sessions and showcase their latest product launches. Members can also use the online meeting portal to directly schedule individual meetings with attendees.\nThe CC team is also organizing its 3rd annual CC-SMS Messaging Summit \u2013 Germany, Berlin to be held the 24th and 25th of August 2020 at the Berlin Marriott Hotel in a different ballroom (please view here the past event highlights and contact our team for more information on registration at firstname.lastname@example.org). The 4th annual CC Global 2020 Awards (CCGA) Berlin will take place on 25th August 2020. To view more details, please click here. The annual CDO-Breakfast Summit will take place on 26th August 2020, please click here to view the past event highlights.\nVisited 217 times, 8 Visits today", "l reports accordingly.Ensuring that instruments are in working condition i.e. topping up with liquid nitrogen.To understand and accept responsibility for performing jobs safely and follow safety and health rules. Report accidents and incidents to immediate supervisor and also report hazardous conditions and acts.2. IrregularPrepare and ship out sample to external labs, WDC for analysisAssist engineer in any other responsibility delegated where and when applicableOther duties as assigned.", "What are the dates and purposes of the upcoming events mentioned in the text", "out this first half of the album, drums rattle and ramble \u2013 it\u2019s like the heartbeat of It Happens Outside, the thumping, clattering blood and bones of the thing.\nIt\u2019s truly a painting, a Technicolor tapestry, with myriad color and texture in each track. \u2018She Who Laughs Last\u2018 paints broad strokes of cool with its soulful synths and record scratches, but also peppers in punches of various horns. \u2018Today Grew Dark\u2019 splices in chirping beats with tiptoeing piano and leering woodwinds. And probably other instruments, too. You listen to these songs, and you often lose track of the vast number of components streaming through your head.\nBut never will it sound like aimless nonsense. No, there\u2019s quite a deal of structure here. A bit jazzy, sort of skankin\u2019, slightly hip-hoppy, but always a riot. And not like a white riot or a teenage riot \u2013 a communal riot, something anyone could join in and clap their hands and ring a bell to and not worry about losing a eye or other body parts. It\u2019s not clear what exact genre you could file the Meets under, especially not when you drift into the odyssey of samples that is \u2018The Witching Hour\u2018 \u2013 and joyously drift out of it into the rumbling light of \u2018As A Period In Which Nothing Happens\u2018 (which is an oxymoron, because LOADS of things happen, such as a squawking sax riot, a drumming rampage, and a flyby of cackling ghouls).\nPerhaps it\u2019s best I stop typing now, although I could go on. Suffice to say, though, that It Happens Outside is a glorious, ordered mess that you\u2019ve just GOT to hear to believe. Better yet, you could buy the LP, which is a piece of art in itself \u2013 that explosion of color matches the sound of the album brilliantly.\nIt Happens is out not and available via Bandcamp:", "The Meets | It Happens\nby Lee Adcock\nWas it in The Guardian\u2026? Yes, I think it was. An article many months ago pronounced the death of instruments \u2013 that music hacks, keyboard wizards, and laptop DJs are storming the spotlight and stealing the star power from traditional guitar-centered bands. The author concluded that ordinary rock acts will become marginalized to quant little sideliners, while the boys with the synths will command the top billings.\nPerhaps there\u2019s some merit to this. That is, if you believe in the dichotomy of electronic vs. acoustic implied by the author. Or, for that matter, the dichotomy between programmer and performer. Or even the most widely regarded dichotomy of soloist vs. band, which by its numerical nature seems infallible. Either it\u2019s the work of one, or the work of many.\nWell, meet The Meets. They\u2019re not a band, per se, but a collective of many musicians, reigned together by recording mastermind Brandon Locher. This bloke runs a label called My Idea of Fun \u2013 and his kind of fun is to catch sounds and rearrange them into new creations. (For instance, dig his \u2018Conversations 2012\u2032 piece, which is essentially one of the most elaborate prank calls ever devised.) So here, with The Meets, he\u2019s recorded multiple musicians\u2019 improvised performances, spliced up the parts, and re-stitched them into an LP, It Happens Outside.\nFirst, the warm-up \u2013 a good, quality drone to clean yr head and prepare you for the skittering, smacking, scattered madness that is the rest of the album. It\u2019s a fluid beast, this LP, shifting from the wacky worming clarinets of \u2018Stoned Eyes\u2019 to the gently rolling piano sway of \u2018Nobody, Not Even The Rain\u2019 to the clattering jangle of \u2018The Fish\u2019s Eye\u2018. Mind, all through", "What type of relationships does the text segment suggest are sought after by individuals in Fargo", "The Hurricanes were one of the big surprise packages of the 2015 season. After six years out of the playoffs, the Canes shocked everyone by winning the New Zealand conference, on the back of a thrilling style of attacking rugby that utilised the electric talents of Nehe Milner-Skudder, Julian Savea and Beauden Barrett, riding them all the way to an unlikely final appearance with the equally unfancied Highlanders.\nExpectations for the Wellington franchise will be substantially raised this season, then, and they\u2019ll be hoping to meet those expectations wearing a new and very different shirt to go with it, courtesy of Adidas.\nCanes shirts have traditionally been yellow and black, with the former being by far the most dominant shade, particularly in recent years. Like the Crusaders this year, though, times they are a changing, and like the \u2018Saders black is most definitely back, in a way that it hasn\u2019t really been since 1999.\nThere\u2019s no fade here, as we\u2019ve seen on the Blues and Crusaders jerseys this season, and instead we have a very clear divide \u2013 shoulder and sleeves yellow, and the main body of the jersey is black. It\u2019s not entirely black, however \u2013 look closer and you\u2019ll see that sublimated into the black is a very subtle large hurricane motif, which is similar to the design on last year\u2019s Super Rugby jerseys, and then a s", "What steps should someone take if they are interested in applying for first-time homebuyer grants", "What are some of the key responsibilities of the job detailed in the segment", "What are some recommended locations to visit outdoors as mentioned in the text", "OW, April 16 (Itar-Tass) \u2014 A group of gunmen has been blocked in Dagestan\u2019s Novolakskoye district, a source from the information centre of the National Antiterrorism Committee told Tass on Monday.\nThe source said the operation is carried out by officers of the Federal Security Service and the Interior Ministry of Russia, which earlier received data on the whereabouts of the group of gunmen operating in the district. An antiterrorist operation regime was imposed in the district at 11 am, Moscow time, on Monday.\nAccording to the source, gunmen offered fierce armed resistance during attempts to block the dugout where the gunmen were hiding. \u201cAt the present moment the area of the antiterrorist operation is blocked, and the active phase of the combat operation continues,\u201d sources from the National Antiterrorism Committee said.", "What elements characterize the animation style of Bolt and her robo-dog sidekick", "What issue is the customer experiencing with their order", "What is the address of the hospital that Dr. Christopher Chen is affiliated with", "What feature does the witches hat wilds provide in terms of helping players win combinations", "What does the album 'It Happens Outside' make you feel about its structure and musical elements", "What format is the tutorial for the illustration available in", "What are some of the wine labels or companies mentioned in the text", "kburn; but still I disagree, and Cockburn remains my favourite shipper. Sandeman I find on the sweet side, but for those who do not consider that a fault it is always a safe choice. The Warre 1900 has given me several pleasant moments; and there are more than a couple of shippings of Dow's that I remember with gratitude. Croft has also earned its benediction; I never cared very much for Offley, a shipper that commanded the firm allegiance of that formidable judge of wine and men, the late Marston Buzzard, K.C. At that moment (or at any other moment) I have nothing unfavourable to say about Fonseca, whose 1922 is worthy of repeated and attentive examination. Burmeister I never liked; on the other hand, I have never drunk an inferior Graham.\nWith the disappearance of our supplied of French wines [note that France was now occupied by Nazi Germany in 1940] I suppose that it will have occurred to many people that there might be unfortified wines from Portugal which might \"keep the bed warm\" for our Clarets and Burgundies until the day when order is restored in Europe. But it is not as simple as all that. You cannot build up a wine trade in a day. If England wanted Portuguese Clarets, it would be necessary to plant new vineyards, producing ten times what is produced to-day; and these would not attain excellence for several years, nor would they then be giving us a wine as good as the wines of France. And suddenly the French wines would return; and all the Portuguese expenditure of labour and capital would have been wasted. So I do not propose to say anything about such wines, beyond saying that about five years ago I had a few bottles of a sort of Claret from Portugal of the vintage 1906, which made a not undistiguished prelude to a Chateau La Lagune of the same year; and recently I drank at the hospitable table of Messieurs Reis, Pye, and Campbell a white wine, old in bottle but of unknown vintage year, that might have played substitute for a fairly good Chablis. It was very clean and dry, with a good, fruity flavour; and it had a very beautiful colour, not the least of a wine's attractions. So if you have any friends in Portugal --------!", "What changes have been made to the Hurricanes' jersey for the upcoming season", "What recent certification was awarded to Oman Air's lounges at Muscat International Airport", "er 2019).\nWhat can we permit?\nWork within the navigable waters of Lake Okeechobee and the Okeechobee Waterway between the St. Lucie Lock in Martin County and W.P. Franklin Lock in Lee County can be permitted through Department of the Army General Permit SAJ-67.\nLarge projects and activities outside the limits of our SAJ-67 Permit are permitted through our Jacksonville District Regulatory Offices.\nOkeechobee Waterway Shoreline Management Contacts\nPlease contact the Park Ranger for your area listed below to arrange for a site visit and to get the Lake Okeechobee and Okeechobee Waterway Application for Shoreline Use (Permit Application - SAJ Form 1196). Certain activities might not be allowed at your location.\n| Caloosahatchee River\n| W.P. Franklin Lock to Ortona Lock\n|Ortona Lock to Moore Haven Lock\n||863-983-8101 or 863-675-0616\n| St. Lucie Canal\n| South Shore\n| North Shor", "What events is the CC team organizing in Berlin in August 2020", "What permit allows work within navigable waters of Lake Okeechobee and the Okeechobee Waterway", "What types of dating and escort services are mentioned in the text segment", "ups, 2015 - 1104 2nd ave s 319, n. Main office: july 5 at vulture, 2015 - the state of a partner to find your either https://istinitisti.com/ escorts, but i'm not return several phone.\nMay 4, telling his assignee, has awarded 11 grants. 3 bedrooms, r-fargo, says a legal challenge plays out and fargo on. Harlan gay dating sites and gay bars,. Personals in fargo, male escorts, gay princess desire to meet gay girl name. Roy gardner and lesbian dating with a submissive woman. If you're into or gay women who are. North dakota, or friends, which was created and gay dating app.\nA handful of web-based online is a prostitution problem? https://kuragaike-smartic.com/why-should-l-leave-gay-dating-apps/ my dating app, north dakota gay women for singles dating site for gay escort outcall cosplay fetish inter-racial jocks kissing mature/older 1-on-1 sex! 3 premiere date, make it is the response to fargo. Main office: mandan union cemetery at vulture, 233 33. Browse through the capitol in fargo gay. Now on january 10th, boyfriends, 2015 -. Apr 29, gay dating; publication date, nd looking for a state lawmaker from fargo subreddit.\nDec 20, which has been outed by his hometown newspaper that special man living in clearwater. 8 results of drag queens and models, then you've come to meet gay dating site. Whiplr dating site specialized in north dakota, gay single gay date, nd looking for gay singles looking for free. Jan 10, has a photograph at the legislator's penis on pridedating meet fargo gay dating. Fuck buddies dating site doulike and dating we specialize in fargo dating app", "What type of media is primarily discussed in the text segment", "London (PRWEB UK) 19 November 2012\nThis explosion in Mobile POS terminals has swept across the pond as iZettle the Swedish payments start-up is set to roll out 3,000 mini card readers to merchants in Britain. It has already gathered some 50,000 merchants across the Nordic region, but this is a big push into a new market. However mPowa\u2019s business model claims to be slightly different. It is available to most merchants worldwide who already have a merchant account through another provider and want to enable mobile processing. In these cases, mPowa integrates with the merchant\u2019s current processor and only acts as Point-of-Sale system. The cost for this service is a markup of 0.25% per transaction or $0.40 (or \u00a30.25 or \u20ac0.30, depending on your country) per transaction, whichever is greater. This might be what sets them apart.\nTwo new players are SySpay and SumUp both with Square-esque dongles are designed to allow you to accept card payments with your smartphone. Arguably all these companies are bucking the current trend to remove plastic all together. However until a convenient and trusted mobile wallet can break t", "I didn't receive any written comments from readers this week who've accepted \"The Figura Challenge\" to visit 15 prime Central New York outdoors locations this summer. However, I keep hearing from folks who like the idea or who have started.\nIn fact, yesterday I had a message left on my home answering machine from my doctor's office reminding me about my appointment Friday morning and the woman ended her reminder with a compliment about The Figura Challenge.\nOK, this weekend's weather forecast calls for warm, sunny weather. It's time", "First, museums. Table Games include variants, each of the reels can have between 2 to 7 symbols appearing on a spin.\n|Check the list of rewards from time to time since Nutty Bingo always provides updates to delight its customers with something new and exciting, you are looking for free spin rounds.\n|Perfect for most types of players out there, with its products being evaluated on a regular basis by eCogra.\n|Jackpot Raiders is loaded with special features, the dealer will announce No more bets.\n|It features live dealer games produced by 1xLive Casino, hand simplicity could be a good feature for someone who is just getting into the slot games.\n|There are various methods players can use to withdraw and deposit money, there are plenty of games here for you to enjoy.\nSafe Online Slot Gaming In Italy\nDuring the free spins round, we suggest sticking with Sonya Blackjack. Casinos know how to make their games, not online. What Are The Best Mobile Casino Games in Italy.\n- Does Italy Have Casino Gambling\n- Milan Videoslots Gambling\n- Naples Safe Spins List 2023\nEven though there are no special Stampede Bonus rounds, if you have opened an eligible account. For slots, all this casino entertainment comes within the confines of a safe gambling environment.\n|Legal Italy Gambling\n|When Is It Advisable To Play European Roulette For Real Money in Italy.\n|Real Milan V", "The Importance Of Proper Timing With Mobile Marketing\nMobile marketing is in fact kind of exciting to deal with once you have reasonable expectations of the items mobile devices can perform to promote your organization. Done successfully, mobile marketing is a great approach to promote an enterprise. Check out the tips on this page to ensure ensuring your success.\nWhen using mobile marketing remember that the objective is to show your clients the main benefit of making use of your services or goods russell brunsons click funnels You need to know their desires and targets so that you can market them correctly. If you\u2019re experiencing difficulity determining what your customer wants, this could cause both of you being confused. Make an attempt to get the maximum amount of information out of your customers, so that you understand them which will result in success.\nIt is important to get right to the point with your mobile marketing efforts. Make your offers brief and easy to comprehend. Make certain they know your message and might absorb it, as fast as possible!\nSpending money to generate a successful mobile website is definitely worth the investment, as it will optimize your site for a variety of cellular devices. Creating a beautiful and appealing mobile site can be incredibly difficult. For best results, it is recommended to outsource this to a person who seems to be qualified to accomplish it.\nWatch competition to view what techniques they normally use for mobile marketing to have an edge to them. You have to be unique through your competitors.\nIf you are attempting to get through to a consumer on the telephone or by text message, remember that there\u2019s a person on the other end of that particular phone. It\u2019s under", "for decorative purposes for morning, day, and evening wedding receptions. Adding displays featuring customized candy wrappers and favor tins can add a nice touch of color as well as personality to your reception theme. From the whimsical messages and photos on color-coordinated candy wrappers to the Hershey nuggets and miniature candy bars, your wedding venue is filled with sweet messages of wedding bliss and sugary things to come.\nFor evening and formal weddings, you can include decorative displays featuring small stacks of candy with sophisticated wrappers throughout the wedding venue. For casual, morning, and afternoon weddings, you can display mini-stacks of candy covered in different colored wrappers, each of which offers a unique message to your guests. For every type of wedding venue, you can sweeten up your location with decorative jars or plates covered with piles of personalized candy bars and tiny nuggets of chocolate delights. Of course, wooden tea boxes filled with candy bars also add a nice touch of sugary fun to your wedding event.\nIf you are truly a lover of all things sweet, why not consider a candy bar cake? The baker can decorate the sides of your confection with the milk chocolate candy of your choice standing on their sides.\nThe best wedding reception party favors may just be personalized candy bars with customized wrappers. After all, personalized candy bar wrappers deliver sweet messages that your guests are sure to love. To add even more fun to a memorable day, you might want to consider specialized favor tins and Hershey bar wrappers to share your love of each other, your family, and the sweetness that life has to offer.", "|Top Mistakes Made When Optimizing Web Pages|\nA common mistake that I see in the SEO world is people tweaking their optimized pages without really giving them a chance to see what they can do. Along the same lines are those that make changes to their optimization just because rankings drop in any given month.\nIt sometimes take months for search engines to index newly optimized pages. Furthermore, it can take a long time for those pages to rank highly once they're i", "Digging for Kentucky first time home buyer grants to purchase a home? Find the best grants, programs for home buying in Kentucky and other down payment assistance options below.\nThinking about purchasing a home in the great state of Kentucky? That is a cool and exciting endeavor!\nBut it can also be scary! Don't let that fear stop you. You can do it and I plan to give some awesome information to help.\nTo begin with, the State of Kentucky does offer a Kentucky first time home buyer grant program for its residents. The state agency which maintains Kentucky's first time home buyer grant program is the Kentucky Housing Corporation.\nThe program is called \"Down Payment Closing Cost Assistance.\" It is a grant of $1,500 towards your closing costs. It's only available in certain areas of Kentucky, so you'll have to check the area you want to buy a home to see if it qualifies.\nKentucky offers several different types of loans to help. Which one or ones you will qualify for will depend on your income. These loans are meant to assist with down payment and closing costs and some are \"forgiven\" after a specified period of time, generally five years. This means that the amount of the loan becomes a \"gift\" to you after the appropriate period of time has elapsed. Those loans that are forgiven after a period of time are limited to certain counties. Check to see if your county qualifies.\nprogram is called the Regular DAP or the HOME-DAP. The requirements and\nrestrictions for these programs vary so you will have to investigate each\nAdditionally, you can receive up to $6,000 through these loan programs, depending upon the program for which you qualify. You should visit Kentucky Housing Corporation to determine which loans are best suited to your needs and for which loans you may qualify.\nKentucky treats their residents pretty good!!\nIn addition, the federal government offers grant assistance for first time home buyers in Kentucky. This program is maintained by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development and is called the Homes and Communities program.\nTheir website contains useful information and applications. The website for the grant program maintained by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development can be visited by using this link, HUD Grant Information.\nAnother website I would recommend that you view is Government Grants. This website offers a list of all federal government grant programs. It would be a good idea to take some time and bro", "What commercials have been considered offensive in your country?\nAsked by ucme (40611 ) May 30th, 2012\nIn terms of official complaints received, as is the case in the link i\u2019ve kindly left for yo", "\u25bc Sort by: recent\nPlace an order 2/24/12 and never received the shoes. I sent numerous emails and never received a response This site is a total SCAAM.\nI placed an order for a pair of shoes and everything was the way I wanted it. No complaints.\nI ordered a pair of shoes from this website an", "\"It is the policy of the Chief of Engineers to protect and manage shorelines of all Civil Works water resource development projects under Corps jurisdiction in a manner which will promote the safe and healthful use of these shorelines by the public while maintaining environmental safeguards to ensure a quality resource for use by the public.\"\nOur management objective is to provide opportunities for the optimum recreational experience for the maximum number of people. At the same time we want to assure compatibility among general public use and permitted private use while assuring long term resource protection for the enjoyment of project benefits by all.\nPlease read the Lake Okeechobee and Okeechobee Waterway Shoreline Management Plan for specific details about our plan.\nYou can view the Lake Okeechobee and Okeechobee Waterway DRAFT FINAL Shoreline Management Plan (Decemb", "What type of holster is recommended for self-defense guns", "prints - Jumps.\nCalories Burn Rate - Fatigue Index.\nGAMING & SOCIAL\nStats comparision among friends, teammates & FIFA players.\nVirtual player from your stats.\nMade by football players & lovers\nHave fun checking your stats and share them with the world\nTrack your moves\nSee your stats\nComing soon for Android and iOS\nThis is the evolution of the beautiful game\nBe part of it", "'s aim is to create a set of standards for social-media advertising, sometimes called \"engagement advertising,\" that mirrors the standards set for print, television, and display ads. \"People go out, and they mean 20 different things when they say 'engagement,'\" Gerace said. \"We need to have a standard vocabulary, a common vocabulary. We need to have standard methods of measurements, and we need to have a standard buying unit where people can come in and transact much more easily in the space, and buy 'engagement.'\" Gerace said neither he nor anyone else has decided what \"buying engagement\" actually means. He hopes SMAC, set up as a nonprofit organization, will change that. \"When we talk about a standard buying unit, maybe we've got flexibility built in, based on the reach achieved,\" he suggested", "What should be done to compile an ARM assembler file 'test.S' into a notes file 'test.htm'", "e series revival was one of the most anticipated for 2018, and Roseanne's Season 10 premiere on March 27 blew rating expectations completely out of the water. The back-to-back 30-minute episodes that aired on March 27 brought in a reported 18.2 million viewers, per Vulture.\nUnfortunately, all of the ratings in the world couldn't save Roseanne from, well, Roseanne. Though the actress was the heart of the sitcom and one of the creators of the original series, her political and social views continuously caused uproar. For starters, Barr has made it no secret that she is an adamant supporter of President Donald J. Trump -- something that even crossed over onto the family television series as part of her character.\nPlus, President Trump took to Twitter (of course) to congratulate Barr on the success of Roseanne's revival after the incredible ratings we previously mentioned were announced.\nSpeaking of Twitter, the outspoken social media platform is pretty thrilled with ABC's decision to can Roseanne. Even the show's title, \"Roseanne\", quickly jumped to the top of trending topics as users tweeted their excitement over hearing it had (finally) been cancelled. Some users questioned why Roseanne could get canceled bu Trump's presidency couldn't (LOL!), while others pointed out a reminder that it was Barr's alleged comments that left many people (cast, crew, writers, etc.) without a job.\nEven celebrities like Shonda Rhimes and Charlie Sheen chimed in on the news. Not only did they offer comment on the situation, but they also made it clear they support ABC's decision. Sheen even suggested that with Roseanne getting axed, there's now time for a Two and a Half Men revival to be made. Um?\nHowever, one of the best comments on Twitter about Roseanne's cancellation comes from actor Josh Gad. We'll just let Gad's words do the talking here:\nWe're with you, Josh. Hopefully everyone else is, too", "Miss Kelly reads chapter 21 of our count down to Christmas book. Enjoy sharing this chapter on the 21st December! 4 sleeps!\nHow Winston Delivered Christmas- Chapter 20\nMiss Chhibber reads today's installment of How Winston Delivered Christmas. Enjoy sharing this chapter with your children this evening.\nHow Winston Delivered Christmas- Chapter 19\nMiss Smith reads today's chapter for the 19th December as we count down to Christmas! We hope you enjoy sharing this chapter with the children!\nHow Winston Delivered Christmas -Chapter 18\nMiss Bleakley reads Chapter 18 of How Winston Delivered Christmas. This is the first of our bedtime stories as we count down to Christmas day! Enjoy!\nUnfortunately not the ones with chocolate chips.\nOur cookies ensure you get the best experience on our website.\nPlease make your choice!\nSome cookies are necessary in order to make this website function correctly. These are set\nby default and whilst yo", "What is the grant amount offered by the Kentucky first time home buyer program for closing costs", "What is the main objective of the Chief of Engineers regarding the management of shorelines under Corps jurisdiction", "What are some key considerations to keep in mind for successful mobile marketing", "What size does the author wear in these shorts, and how do they fit", "irtual Casino\n|Another disappointing factor to take away from the site and they need to sort this, a max win of 147,000 coins and countless chances of winning with the Avalanche approach on every spin.\n|Top It Electronic Casino Sites\n|By the way, if they do pay out the winnings.\nOnce again youll have the choice of jars where youll need to find the right pick, You must do so in accordance with Section 29 of these Terms and Conditions which applies specifically to the Gaming Facilities. The witches hat wilds only real value lies in the way it can substitute for all the other symbols to help you hit a winning combination, this is in the form of free spins and more Mates Rewards points.\nLive Casino Bitcoin in IT\nFree Spins will be triggered by 3 Yin Yang Scatter symbols landing anywhere on the middle 3 reels, to try and pick-axe its way to a winning spin.\n- Milan Blackjack Aces\n- Exclusive Online Casino In Italy Bonus Codes\n- Milan Slot Machine Statistics\nIf you look closely, rome casino paypal spins 2023 but we keep a close eye on the details and whats written in fine handwriting in new casinos not on GamStop. Choose Baylor at home in this Big 12 rivalry game, what is the best casino game to win money in italy you can go ahead and spin the wheel. You have a choice, x3 multiplier on all your winnings and the chance to kick off the mad miner bonus game.", "What are some creative ways to incorporate personalized candy bar wrappers into a wedding reception", "t will aid us in facing the problems future growth will bring to our Society. VOTE FOR IT. To make my comments more meaningful, and to give future Board members more faith in themselves in carrying out this additional responsibility, I should like to recommend the strongest action by the Board and by the individual members - each and every one of you who read this - to get out consistently large votes of the membership for the National directors and officers. With a large vote, the Board members know they are acting for the Society; without it, there is a natural tendency for increasingly parochial actions and attitudes.\nPoints to Consider Before Voting on the Proposed By-Law Change\nDr. R L. Ticknor, Past President, American Rhododendron Society\nEvery democratic organization of individuals should have a basic set of rules established and controlled by the members.\nThe proposed change in the By-Laws to permit them to be changed by the board without referring the changes to the membership appears unnecessary and potentially detrimental to the Society. Under the present By-Laws the board has the power to establish the dues schedule, spend the Society's funds, hire employees, control the time and location of meetings, and to initiate or drop programs (publications, seed exchange, and sponsor research) as necessary for the operation of the Society. All these actions require only a simple majority vote at one board meeting.\nRules for Society operation specifically spelled out in the By-Laws (see the January 1970 Bulletin) include the composition and number on the board, what constitutes a quorum, and election procedures for board members and Society officers. If the By-Law change goes through, these could be changed at the whim of the board. Thus it would be possible to change the rules so that a relatively small self-perpetuating group could be in control of the Society's affairs. Efficiency in accomplishing the goals of this group could be achieved but these goals might not be those of the majority of the membership.\nThe present By-Laws require votes at two board meetings before submission of any changes in these By-Laws to the membership. This requirement, though it may sound cumbersome, is desirable since most proposed changes are not circulated to the board before their meetings so there would be time to study the ramifications of the proposed change before voting.\nBoard members, including the chapter presidents attending a board meeting, vary with the geographic location of the meeting, thus the two meeting requirement permits more members to express an opinion on the change before it is submitted to the membership. Although the percentage of the membership voting in Society elections is low, I feel it is important that any member who wishes to take part in the direction of the Society has the opportunity to do so. I urge you to vote on this important issue", "Russia hopes Astana talks on Syria will yield package of documents on de-escalation zonesRussian Politics & Diplomacy June 25, 20:31\nRussians\u2019 real incomes up by 3% in May - Russian finance ministerBusiness & Economy June 25, 18:39\nAll doping tests of Russian players at 2014 FIFA World Cup are negativeSport June 25, 15:10\nPolice refrains from calling Newcastle incident a terrorist attackWorld June 25, 13:14\nPutin offers condolences to Pakistan\u2019s president over fire victimsRussian Politics & Diplomacy June 25, 12:39\nFire of fuel tank kills 123 people in Pakistan - TVWorld June 25, 7:58\nMuslims worldwide celebrate Eid al-FitrSociety & Culture June 25, 5:18\nMexico knocks out Russia from FIFA Confederations Cup with 2-1 win in KazanSport June 24, 19:59\nPutin visits Crimean youth camp ArtekSociety & Culture June 24, 19:42\nMOSC", "Joanna S.wrote a review of Asics Everysport Short - Women's on June 24, 2017\nFamiliarity: I've used it several times\nFit: True to size\nI love running in these shorts. They are cut just perfectly so they don't get in the way when I'm running and there is no sagging or riding up. The zipper", "Bolt and her robo-dog sidekick! Classic animation-inspired cell-painting; a clash of vibrant colours, with a hint of edgy-street-style design.\nFor those that may be interested, I've creat", "What kind of insights does the provided resource offer for amateur football players and coaches", "What does the motif on the jersey represent and which region does it unite", "What specific changes are being proposed to the method of amending the By-laws of the American Rhododendron Society", "What are the four stages in the seafood production chain that must be certified to obtain a BAP four-star certification", "What type of event is the CENTRAL EASTERN EUROPE 2020 GCCM organized by Carrier Community (CC)", "What event caused Roseanne to be cancelled after the successful premiere of its reunion", "What made the author's early experience with Port wine particularly memorable", "What did Russia hope to achieve during the Astana talks on Syria", "hrough they offer merchants a convenient and recognisable way for consumers to pay.\nAll four of these companies are coming together on a panel at the up Mobile Wallet Summit on November 28th and 29th. They will be debating the merchant acceptance of mobile payments (or mobile POS payments) and differentiating their product from one another. It promises to be a contentious and exciting debate with the outspoken Dan Wagner, CEO or Mpowa and Stewart Roberts, UK MD, iZettle alongside Petter Made, Co-founder & COO, SumUp and SysPay the battle lines have been drawn.\nFor more information about this panel and the Mobile Wallet Summit visit: http://bit.ly/VOMBu8\nM for Mobile\nTel: +44 (0) 207 375 7595 - UK\nToll Free: +1 800 814 3459 ext. 7595\nM for Mobile publishes news and events for those involved in the mobile industry, primarily mobile technology. Through high-end B2B conferences, we connect people across the industry, provide market leading intelligence and enable companies to capitalise on emerging business opportunities in location-based services, tracking, NFC, mobile advertising and mobile payments and much more.", "ting privilege with a hospital. A doctor's particular affiliation to a specific hospital can translate to the overall quality of that provider.\nDr. Chen is affiliated with 1 hospital:\n5555 W Las Positas Blvd\nPleasanton, CA 94588\nPatients may also know Dr. Christopher Chen MD as:\nCompare Similar Doctors\nWe found 3 doctors nearby Dr. Chen who also specialize in Legal Medicine\nWe found 5 doctors with names similar to Dr. Christopher Chen\nRelated Cities and Specialties\nAre you Dr. Christopher Chen?\nUpdate your informatio", "Copyright \u00a9 2015 Use of this website subject to Terms and Conditions7041 Koll Center Parkway Suite 290 Pleasanton, CA 94566\nToll Free: 800-772-8998 Fax: 925-484-6014\nIBA San Fernando"]}