{"q_indices": [115, 120, 40, 85, 78, 77, 45, 99, 84, 57, 104, 62, 18, 58, 55, 95, 105, 51, 0, 107, 93, 29, 67, 91, 38, 90, 53, 116, 108, 25, 122, 118, 35, 101, 4, 64, 123, 71, 47, 48, 63, 111, 87, 16, 39, 114, 43, 119, 26, 81, 46, 59, 34, 28, 30, 100, 2, 54, 60, 32, 49, 74, 14, 72], "a_indices": [31, 121, 110, 44, 52, 75, 1, 8, 5, 65, 113, 22, 82, 20, 96, 109, 10, 70, 94, 61, 9, 80, 79, 42, 125, 7, 27, 73, 17, 83, 36, 92, 19, 68, 117, 37, 11, 50, 41, 12, 98, 127, 126, 23, 56, 21, 88, 89, 66, 33, 15, 124, 6, 86, 13, 103, 24, 112, 97, 76, 3, 69, 102, 106], "texts": ["What was the purpose of the one bus a day service in N Dorset for the elderly passengers", "\u276e Back | \u00d7\nPlease select all options below.\nProduct Code: STCF161-RED\nThis vibrant Red 16 ounce Fluted Stadium Cup allows you to add a design and your custom text to one side of this corrugated cup. Each 4 1/4\" high x 3 1/2\" diameter Red Fluted Stadium Cup is made of plastic and holds 16 ounces. Use these red stadium cups as unique keepsake favors for each of your guests!\nPlea", "What claim does Zion Dawson make about the Rothschilds and the reasons for attacks against them", "EMORY, Va. (11/15/08) -- Caleb Jennings scored four touchdowns and amassed 316 all-purpose yards in Emory & Henry College's 44-7 Old Dominion Athletic Conference (ODAC) victory over Guilford College in both teams' season finale.\nEmory & Henry (6-4, 4-2 ODAC) finished the season in a four-way tie atop the ODAC standings with Hampden-Sydney College, Randolph-Macon College and the Catholic University of America. The Quakers finished with a 4-6 overall record (1-5 ODAC), their first losing season since 2004.\nThe Wasps jumped out to a 21-0 first-quarter lead thanks to three Jennings scores and three Quakers' turnovers. The first of two Joey Daniels' interceptions led to Jennings' two-yard scoring run 3:17 into the game. The sophomore returned a low punt into the wind 63 yards less than two minutes later for his second score and a 14-0 Wasps' edge.\nDaniels picked off Guilford quarterback Josh Vogelbach for the second time of the quarter, which led to Jennings ' 19-yard touchdown catch from rookie quarterback Brent McDonald. McDonald's 19-yard touchdown pass to Jonathan Hawkins concluded the first-half scoring with 39 seconds before halftime and gave the Wasps' a 28-0 lead.\nEmory & Henry's edge grew to 44-0 in the fourth quarter before Guilford got on the board with 3:33 left in the game. Vogelbach marched Guilford 83 yards in eight plays to set up senior defensive tac", "What is the estimated population of Stromsburg as of 2003", "Step 1. TestMy.net's servers are hosted where the websites you visit are hosted. The. Location 02 12 hours Bandwidth Monitor monitors bandwidth usages through computer it's installed on. You will likely have a hardwired and a wireless connection. Now you can see it starts displaying the upload and download speeds in realtime. Just share \"Your Results\" with them. This is a true and trusted test of your Internet automatic speed. How To Find The Total Number of Pages on a Website? I am going to present you different tools to help monitor your internet speed. 32 MB For many years TMN users have reported that Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox outperform all other browsers in this benchmark... the fact is, if the browser processes this test information faster then it will process other websites information faster. How to Display Internet Speed on Taskbar in Windows 10. 10 MB It also offers a toolbar that can be enabled within the taskbar that displays internet speed in your chosen unit Kbps or Mpbs, The program is highly customizable and also offers a graph of usage data and speeds. 11 MB 60 MB I\u2019d say this is the easiest way to see the real-time stats so select yes. 60 MB This is a real world speed test. Location 05 Ping to Monitor your Internet Connection Go to Start -> Run and type \u201cping -t 188.8.131.52\u201d without the quotes. Randomized speed test data, each download test is dynamically created on the fly so no two tests are alike. Hosted network features multi-homed connectivity with bandwidth from independent Tier 1 carriers, combining multiple 10 Gbps connections to create one of the industry\u2019s fastest networks. The Internet Speed Monitor is an application that specializes in the internet speed display. 13 MB 15x 100 MB. In this post, I would share two of the most reliable and useful real-time internet speed monitoring software that sits as a toolbar in your taskbar and displays bandwidth usage in realtime. Please note that DU Meter is a paid app, you can still try it for a limited period of time. You can also change the units Kbps/Mbps to KBps or MBps by right-clicking the text and choosing the configuration. 23 MB Test your connection speed automatically on a schedule with the, Total network bandwidth capacity in excess of 2000 Gbps, TestMy.net's servers are all gigabit or multi-gigabit uplinked. If you have a plan offering download speeds of 20Mbps and upload speeds of 2.0Mbps, for instance, and you have four devices connected to the internet, you could say each device might see a \u2026 26 MB 24 MB 27 MB 80 MB 19 MB Netspeed Monitor is a handy network activity monitoring application similar to DU meter. Which provides unparalleled cache prevention. 1 MB NetSpeed Monitor is a network monitoring suspension desktop software , It can display the current network speed, and can test internet speed . 24 MB I have provided installation instructions for Ubuntu/Debian based distributions but the tools can be easily installed in other distributions. Internet Connection Monitor offered by Dmitriy Scherbina (50) 20,000+ users. 6 MB After you download Net Speed Monitor (download link below), you will be asked if you want the stats to be displayed in the taskbar. 12 MB 28 MB 7 MB Go to View tab, and click on Traffic Monitor to view the real time data activity. 140 MB TiP enables users to see this information to understand how the data flowed as the test ran. Miscellaneous, Every TestMy.net provides a real world scenario not a best case scenario which makes this speed test a more accurate representation of your true bandwidth. This free windows data usage meter can set a traffic limit per month and get instant notifications when you close to the limit. Den / Study Because I use Python and Speedtest-cli is written in python I used the standard Pip install method on windows and my Raspberry Pi. 4 hours Your provider may prefer testing within their network but is that realistic? 14 MB All marks of great connection quality. This tool will automatically retest your Internet connection on a set interval and log the test results for later retrieval. Your ISP should be able to deliver clean, useable bandwidth to these common areas of the Internet. If you know of any such wonderful tools similar to these here that are simply easy to use and can be integrated on the taskbar. Monitor Internet Speeds with Speedtest-cli and Node-Red Speedtest-cli is a command line tool by Ookia which is available for Windows,Linux and Mac. Control the size of your speed test with manual test sizes. 30 MB PHP driven, server-side programming means no plug-ins necessary and a much higher level of accuracy than flash speed tests. Some versions of Chrome are faster and sometimes Firefox is on top but usually one of those two browsers will be your best bet for performance. Then, come back later and retrieve your results. Location 08 Garage 29 MB It\u2019s certainly good looking but a lot of the functions are for monitoring what\u2019s happening on your network and what apps are doing, like a firewall is supposed to. Done: sec. Laptop Simple as that. Then, come back later and retrieve your results. Note, your default system web browser is always recommended for testing. 11 MB Next, you will need to select the connection you\u2019d like to monitor. Large variance in speed can be an indication of a connection issue. 22 MB Location 10 70 MB 2 hours 8 MB 80 MB Use Your Cloud Storage as a Local Drive with This Free Desktop App, 5 Powerful Android Apps to Easily Transfer Files Between Your Phone & PC, 10 Brain Training Apps to Incorporate Into Your Daily Routine, How to Run Android Apps & Games on Your PC, Double click and run the application and see if it supports your OS. Unlike other speed tests TestMy.net takes measurements during the test to show you the path of your download speed over the course of the test. It only gives you a snapshot of your connection at a given moment. The windows operating system does not have any ready-made application to monitor internet speed in realtime, though it has a system to prevent misuse of monitored bandwidth which can be enabled through \u2018Network & Internet Settings\u2019 but I wanted an application with which I can monitor the internet speed in the taskbar and I found out many tools and programs but there were only two of them that suited my purpose. Identifier 65 MB The frequent testing of a connection can be helpful if you're having Simply set the test interval, click start and forget about it. Manual tests sizes over 12 MB have the automatic forwarding feature disabled. Read more \u2192, TestMy.net \u00a9 2020 - Terms & Privacy - Contact, Render: 0.04 sec | 180 MB 3 MB Game Room hour PC, Mac, Linux, Android & iOS users can all use TestMy.net without installing anything. You can also change the units Kbps/Mbps to KBps or MBps by right-clicking the text and choosing the configuration. A simple speed test won\u2019t do in this case. Net Speed Meter displays information regarding the Internet connection speed in plain sight, on your desktop. 55 MB It is a lightweight application. I have been using it this way for a long time and it hasn\u2019t caused an issue ever since then. 45 MB Mac users, Safari also performs very well. DOM: sec | 15 MB It is always smart and helpful to keep an eye on the internet speed or bandwidth in realtime so that you can know if any application on your computer is making heavy usage of your internet bandwidth in the background especially when you\u2019re on limited internet plan and want to save some unnecessary bandwidth usage. 24x 31 MB 5 1/2 hour Location 04 Internet connection monitor, continuous online latency test. 5x 4 MB 50x, Min Download Size This is the only true PHP speed test online. 75 MB Network Speed Monitor for Windows 10, 7 and 8.1 (64 bit/32 bit) Want an email alert when your speed test is complete? It conducts tests within the test. It displays internet data statistics, such as downloaded data, uploaded data, total data, and real time download and upload speed. Our r", "Recipe in Finnish / Resepti suomeksi\nThis cheese cake is so simple to make and it\u2019s a little lighter than normal baked cheese cake. It is also egg free. The eggs are replaced with potato starch and that does the trick of thickening the filling. If you are not able to find potato starch, you can easily replace it with corn starch.\nLime and vanilla give this cheese cake that extra freshness and it is not too sweet. That is how we like it but do give the filling a taste once you have mixed it up and see if you would like to add some sugar for more sweetness.\nDecorate the cheese cake with what ever is the season and what you like. I love using fresh berries. Passion fruit works well for Easter decoration due to its yellow colour and is pretty too when sprinkled nicely.\nI recommend that you make the cheese cake the day before you want to serve it. The texture and flavour just settles so nicely over night in the fridge.\nSimple Bake Cheese Cake (GF, egg free)\n- 200 g oat or divestive type biscuits (gluten free if desired)\n- 75-80 g butter or margarine\n- 200 g cream", "n. As a result, each day is continually dashing from or to someplace. He calls his life \u201cmanaged chaos,\u201d but once in a while it\u2019s greater chaos than control. One day closing summer time, as an example, he arrived back at his workplace after spending more than 12 hours seeking to get lower back to milwaukee from alabama. His flight out of memphis have been canceled, and in a single day accommodations have been a bullet-riddled lodge. He joked to his accomplice that they might be more secure below the beds than on them. However his largest challenge become that he hadn\u2019t had time to alternate into a fit and tie to greet a author. \u201ci\u2019m an old fashioned man who constantly wears a shirt and tie within the office,\u201d he says. \u201chowever while you\u2019re crawling around vans in alabama, you don\u2019t need to do that. So all i had turned into this t-shirt.\u201d he turned into truly embarrassed, although it changed into a easy, pressed yellow t-blouse included via an inoffensive sports jacket. The vans he become crawling around belong to a monroe county, ala., logging organization that is being sued by the widow of a man killed while his logging truck ran off the road. Every day\u2019s client is the producer of the axel concerned, and he thinks the organization isn't always chargeable for the loss of life. Despite the fact that, he sees it as his responsibility to learn the entirety he can about the system. \u201ci in no way even heard of a log skidder before and now i recognize how to operate it and the entirety else about it,\u201d he says. He has a plastic version of a log skidder displayed prominently in an office cluttered with mementos from instances. In a single nook sits a statue of groucho marx, which he picked up on a whim several years in the past in buffalo, n. Y., and, like an awesome trial lawyer, bargained the shop proprietor out of. \u201ci nevertheless had a dark moustache [back then],\u201d he says, \u201csmoked an occasional cigar, prominent groucho\u2019s short and irreverent wit and got teased approximately searching more like him than burt reynolds.\u201d it\u2019s matters just like the log skidder that every day is predicated upon to remind him to live humble and grateful. \u201ci\u2019m continuously being exposed to things that i know not anything approximately and approaches of creating a dwelling that make my existence appear highly-priced. For me a awful day is getting bumped from an airplane, not having a tree fall on me.\u201d the logging business enterprise trial, need to it arise, will take vicinity in the monroe county courthouse in monroeville, the very courthouse in which scenes from to kill a mockingbird have been filmed. In reality, every yr monroeville citizens put on a model of the mockingbird play, and every day, in honor of the many instances he has tried in alabama, changed into currently \u201csummoned\u201d to play a jury member within the manufacturing. He\u2019s one of the few nonresidents of monroeville to be so venerated. While he first became a lawyer, day by day\u2019s technique to winning clients become easy: please deliver me a threat to strive your instances anywhere. Decided as he was to win those instances, he become methodical in watching plaintiff \u2019s lawyers and borrowing, or as a minimum blocking, their techniques. \u201cfrank is quite finished on the little tricks we exercise,\u201d says plaintiff \u2019s legal professional robert habush, senior partner of habush habush & rottier, who has confronted every day at trial a dozen or so times. \u201cfrank might have made a first-rate plaintiff \u2019s legal professional \u2014 and that\u2019s my highest praise. He has that aptitude that most plaintiff \u2019s legal professionals have.\u201d both guys don't forget a mainly vibrant incident of trial approach one-upmanship. Day by day explains: \u201cone in every of [habush\u2019s] techniques is to position himself among the jury box and the door where the jurors enter the court. From that vantage factor he focuses on each of them with an nearly hypnotic stare, which conveys the message that they damn properly higher find in his want. Understanding that, i attempted to outmaneuver him each time the jury became coming in or going out, so i ought to smile at them and block them from the famous habush stare. Being the fierce competitor he is, bob became not going to allow that take place, so he might attempt to beat me to the position. We would jostle each other in an unseemly show that appeared like two basketball gamers looking to get role for a rebound. The end result become that in all likelihood neither folks become capable of appearance an awful lot on the jury \u2014 and that became correct for me.\u201d but strategies take a attorney simplest the previous couple of yards in a trial. To get the ball all the way down the sphere takes research, practise \u2014 and an intimate understanding of jurors. Having grown up at the south facet of chicago, with two instructors as parents, each day seems constitutionally incapable of placing on airs. Typically, he says, he\u2019ll tell stories of his irish grandfather if you want to positioned juries comfy. However he additionally believes grounding himself inside the realities of life in the united states earlier than a case goes to trial. \u201ci trust in talking to all of us in my group [before a trial]. We name it the mayo health center of the regulation company. We\u2019ll sit down at this convention table\u201d \u2014 the only in his corner office with breathtaking views of lake michigan \u2014 \u201cand kick around thoughts. I additionally love to hear from younger associates and non-lawyers, inclusive of secretaries, messengers and mailroom men. Those are the folks who sit on juries.\u201d here, his gestures, constantly larger than lifestyles, emerge as emphatic. He genuinely can't understand why others in his profession do no longer reach out to people at all stages, in view that a go-segment of human beings continually decide their customers\u2019 fates. With all this practise, even every day every so often loses. However he nonetheless feels every trial is profitable. Possibly that\u2019s why to kill a mockingbird speaks so strongly to him. When atticus finch defends a black guy accused of raping a white female, he is aware of, given the truth of all-white alabama juries inside the thirties, he will lose. However he additionally knows the man merits his day. Atticus explains the responsibility this manner: \u201cit\u2019s when you realize you\u2019re licked before you start however you begin anyway and you see it thru regardless of what.\u201d that\u2019s daily\u2019s favourite quote from the e-book, and a sentiment that informs his exercise these days. \u201che is gracious in defeat,\u201d notes habush, \u201ceven if i wonder him with proof at the final witness in a tribulation.\u201d he\u2019s gracious in victory too. But while he is effective, he we could all and sundry else go away the court docket until he's by myself; then he brings out a mechanical \u201ccelebratory bear\u201d that he incorporates to each trial. His spouse gave it to him so he\u2019d have a person with whom to percentage a win some distance from domestic. Wound up, the tiny brown bear in a blue hat crashes his cymbals collectively with energy as he totters around the defense desk. Day by day lets in himself a grin of pride because the endure runs down. Whilst the cymbals grow silent, he\u2019s on to the following case, someplace in america, bear in briefcase", "se allow ample time for delivery. The delivery date for this product is noted above for US shipping only. Please refer to checkout for delivery dates outside of the Contiguous 48 States.\nShipping charges are based on the value of the merchandise and not the number of shipments. For additional shipping information, please contact our Customer Service Department at 800-348-5084.", "My brother, who is a large-animal vet, likes to tell this joke:\nQ: \u201cWhat\u2019s a farmer\u2019s best year?\u201d\nA: \u201c2012 and this year.\u201d\nIt\u2019s funny because it\u2019s true. The eternal optimist in almost every farmer sees the good in everything and the potential in every year. I think its a case of random reward\u2013the theory that you get more persistent behavior if you reward it sometimes (inconsistently), rather than every time (consistently).\nSome years people who are the first to the field get rewarded the most, sometimes its the people who had to wait until the rains subsided and kicked themselves in May, only to be rewarded in October. So much can change on a dime; there\u2019s no prescription for getting it right every year. They just try their hardest and hope for the best.\nThis year was the worst spring for getting in the crop, said about 44% of Midwestern row crop farm", "the haunted house a printable story starter double click on image to create worksheet kindergarten worksheets ideas.\nmatch the sentence and punctuation grade grammar editing worksheets vocabulary ideas.\nyear 5 editing worksheet activities sentence worksheets grammar star christmas ideas.\ngrade grammar worksheets editing stories rd sentence kindergarten ideas.\nhow can i teach students to enjoy writing during school edits and story starters kindergarten worksheets ideas.\nediting writing worksheets grade prompts building full size of printable complete sentences wonderful sentence f.\nediting stories worksheets grade proofreading for kindergarten 9 spelling ideas.\nyearbook printable worksheets proofreading and editing grade 6 5 kindergarten ideas.\ngrade essay writing worksheets the best fifth exercises high school preschool spelling ideas.\nediting and proofreading worksheets ma worksheet 1 exercises for grade doodle ideas.\nfun grammar worksheets for high school kids middle worksheet editing essays scary short stories lesson plans vocabulary ideas.\nediting stories worksheets grade revising and practice pe ideas.\nediting stories worksheets graphic design for students grammar high edits and story maths ideas.\nstory elements worksheets grade activities poster force worksheet of a for amazing page 1 drafting revising and editing awesome vocab.\nediting worksheets middle school stories and proofreading spring ideas.\nfree editing worksheets for grade 6 writing sentences proofreading vocabulary ideas.\nsocial stories worksheets editing grade 8 image collections worksheet for kids historical fiction comprehension passages christmas.\ngrade grammar standards tn weekly editing and full size of common core math worksheets likable introduction to point view lesson pe wo.\nthe ha", "Lisa Tessman argues in this concise book (based on her earlier Moral Failure: On the Impossible Demands of Morality) that morality is risky, messy, hard to live with, and impossibly demanding because it yields conflicting requirements that make acting immorally impossible to avoid. Tessman's argument turns on her view that there are some moral requirements that are immune to critical, reflective scrutiny because part of what is morally required is that it is unthinkable not to do what is morally required. One of her examples is that of a parent who must consider whether to kill her crying child so that the Nazis do not discover and then kill the group of people of which they are a part. Tessman believes that morality requires that the parent not even consider whether to kill her child because there are some acts that are unthinkable. Tessman uses many real and engaging examples throughout this book, which is aimed at a general audience with little or no background in philosophy. I think it meets this goal because she clearly explains her points, perhaps a bit too much: the book is repetitive at times. This book is not overtly a feminist book; rather, it is about normative ethics and its demands. Crucially, it is mainly about what does and should motivate moral action, which of course has implications for feminists, especially given the feminist debates about whether moral action should be motivated by reason or care.\nTessman starts by arguing for the existence of genuine moral dilemmas, which are situations in which there is a moral requirement to do two different acts, the agent cannot do both, and the requirement to do the act the agent does not do remains after acting. Tessman rejects the commonly held view among philosophers that there are no moral dilemmas because of the principle 'ought' implies 'can': one cannot be required to do something unless it is possible to do it. That is, when the agent is faced with a moral conflict between two requirements, either the agent can determine which one overrides the other and thus cancels it, or the agent takes one requirement to be the all-things-considered moral requirement that, when fulfilled, cancels out the other because it then becomes impossible to fulfill. Tessman disagrees with these attempts to escape moral dilemmas because she believes that some moral requirements are nonnegotiable. Which ones are these?\nTessman defines nonnegotiable moral requirements as those that are not eliminated when they are overridden in cases that involve a value that is irreplaceable, and that cannot be replaced with another value or compensated for with some benefit, and that if lost, lead to a cost that no one should have to bear (50, 58). A human life is one such example. Thus a moral requirement involving a loss of a human life is nonnegotiable.\nAfter explaining in the first three chapters the difference between negotiable and nonnegotiable moral requirements and her position on the possibility of moral dilemmas, Tessman turns in chapter 4 to the issue of how we make moral judgments, which lays the groundwork for her view that some acts are unthinkable from a moral point of view. In this chapter, Tessman relies on the work of cognitive psychologists who have found from functional magnetic resonance imaging of the brain that there are two models that we use to make moral judgments. The first model is the reasoning or rationalist model, the model that I think most moral philosophers urge us to use. On this model, we make moral judgments slowly, through a conscious process that is in our control and requires our attention. We use this model when we make inferences and calculations. The second model is the intuitive or intuitionist model. On this model, we make moral judgments quickly, unconsciously, automatically. We use this model when we follow our \"gut feelings\" (64). Tessman describes the work of social psychologist Jonathan Haidt as concluding that most of our moral judgments are made intuitively. I am skeptical about Haidt's claim that our intuitions are so dominant in our psyche, since morality is complex and cases are different and thus require reasoning, and I am unclear whether brain studies capture these nuances. The focus in the book is on trolley-car cases, but these are \"intuition grabbing\" cases that do not capture much of morality in my view. For instance, issues such as abortion, euthanasia, gun control, autonomy, rape, privilege, sexism, racism, and lying do not seem to be best settled by intuitions but by reasoning. Moreover, our knee-jerk reactions should not serve as the basis of morality, certainly not without scrutiny about their source. Are your moral intuitions the same as Donald Trump's? What are intuitions, if not reflections of what we are taught? Tessman admits that the biological evidence does not speak to how we should make moral judgments, but only how we do make them (77). But in the rest of the book, she goes on to base her crucial normative points on the empirical claims made here. A significant worry is that what gets lost is the justification of our moral judgments, one of the most intractable issues in moral philosophy. Haidt at least reserves a role for reason in moral judgments, Tessman reports: we use reason after our moral judgments have been made in order to come up with a justification that we can give to others. But Haidt says that only rarely do we use reason alone to arrive at a moral judgment, and even then reason can give rise to another intuition that conflicts with our initial intuition about a case (69-71). I understand Tessman to agree with Haidt, but it would be useful for her to explain the connection between using reason or intuition to arrive at moral judgments, and using reason to justify our moral judgments, the latter of which is the philosophical project\nTessman believes that these different ways of making moral judgments might explain why we take a moral requirement to be negotiable or not. Her explanation straddles chapters 5 through 7. In chapter 5, she defends an evolutionary story about how we come to feel the demands of morality as authoritative. Borrowing from Tamar Gendler, she offers the description of an \"alief.\" An alief is the arational counterpart to a belief and has the following characteristics: 1) it is representational, 2) it is affective, and 3) it is behavioral in the sense that it typically motivates one to action (94). An example of a moral alief is: \"wallet not mine/empathic distress of the owner/must return\" (96). Tessman notes that we form aliefs automatically and that they motivate action, making them unlike beliefs on both counts. When the link between the representation, affect, and behavior is formed through repeated experience, the behavior is deemed to be morally required. Societies that practice morality as part of cooperation have an evolutionary advantage over those that do not because their members survive and reproduce. Thus, in the wallet example, Tessman says that it pays to be empathetic and to act accordingly. This may be true, but I find the evolutionary story to be uninformative when it comes to difficult moral issues such as abortion. What is the relevant alief? Would it involve empathetic distress with the fetus or with the pregnant woman? And won't aliefs differ across individuals and societies?\nTessman discusses in chapter 6 a major problem with aliefs, which is that we might get things wrong. She offers this alief as an example: \"black man/scared of being attacked/shoot fast\" (106). The general point is that our aliefs may be informed, for instance, by biases we hold that render them questionable. This brings up the issue of second-order judgments about our first-order moral judgments that on Tessman's explanation come from intuition as just described. She asks whether our second-order judgments should be grounded in reason and serve as a check on our mistaken or biased intuitions. Go", "s with this message: When you leave something sweet behind, others come and get it. Try to get the children to explain what Fernie learned and apply it to other situations.Christin", "Note: To protect the privacy of our members, e-mail addresses have been removed from the archived messages. As a result, some links may be broken.\nDate: Fri Jul 20 2001 - 07:59:28 PDT\ncheck out this site for drawing faces\n<A HREF=\"htt", "What does the code snippet '@products = Product.all' return in terms of class", "Today I went to Chiriqui Grande for some food and fabric. My neighbor drove me in his boat. He likes to leave early, usually he picks me up around 730a. The trip takes approximately 30-45 minutes depending on the weather and today we had totally calm water and brilliant blue sunny skies! It was HOT. Once I get into to town I usually stop at the little restaurant near the dock for a quick breakfast. This morning it was scrambled eggs and these little oval shaped m", "What class of antibiotics may be used to treat Klebsiella infections", "From the Inside Flap\nCo-Author of the New York Times bestselling First, Break all the Rules\u201d\nLet me be frank (and I don\u2019t mean Sinatra), I am nothing short of being bored and exhausted with the thousands of leadership books that have come to swim in the pools of bookstores everywhere. Leadership is one of those topics that people love to hear themselves talk about but very few choose to listen to. We all have a theory that has largely been formed from our own justification of why we did or continue to do certain things. Books, articles and papers from academics to alleged renaissance leaders have produced pontifications about how to be a great leader.\nI am amazed at the tremendous amount of creativity put into the discovery of a new model or a new set of metaphors while the actual meat of the book takes a back seat. Many of these books have become reference guides for me to find both pithy and slightly off-center ways, of saying the same thing. Try it - it works!\nWhile my cynicism is obvious, I find it refreshing when a text comes along that brings back those moments of aha\u2019s and genuine intellectual and emotional engagement. I really live for those words that come off the page, strumming a chord of curiosity and providing a moment of new understanding. So has the book I'm proud to introduce to you.\nPete Luongo didn't decide to sit down and write a book on leadership, he was called to do so. See, there are those times in one's life where the ability to not\u201d do something is no longer an alternative. Pete and his witty, charismatic and loving\u201d personality are mere byproducts of a set of experiences he has noted, been moved by and found enormous success with. There is no doubt in my mind that this book began long before Pete was writing it.\nThis may sound strange, but this is a book that has long been in process and only recently found its author. Now, don't get me wrong, Pete is one of the most full of life\u201d and passionate people I know, and his life experiences are a perfect fit for this book's longing to be told and understood. His experiences simply became the medium for which a set of truisms are told.\nIn reading Pete\u2019s text, I am convinced that these truths should be incorporated into the business and personal lives of leaders, managers and people following their passions everywhere. This set of truths will not bring about an academic revolution in the field of leadership and management, but they will lead us back to the basic and most critical issues which determine our impact and success.\nSee, this is not a leadership book at all! It is a time-tested, proven course illuminating the golden thread connecting every person to a life of excellence and purpose.\nExcerpt. \u00a9 Reprinted by permission. All rights reserved.\nFinding and keeping good people must be a personal priority for every individual in the organization. I once asked a large group of first- and second-level sales managers at The Berry Company how many of them had personally recruited a salesperson, just one, over the last twelve months. The question produced a paltry twenty-five percent show of hands. The truth is, even in companies where hiring and retaining good people is the number one priority, this focus can still slip away in the hectic pace of business if it is not constantly reinforced.\nI\u2019ve never been opposed to college recruiting, job fairs, online recruiting, newspaper ads, and so on. While I support these resources as part of a recruiting strategy, too often they are the painful result of not effectively engaging your employees in the recruiting and selection process.\nYour best employees are your bes", "What materials are used in the construction of the Knilling Bucharest laminated bass", "Cape Town \u2013 Zaziwa goddess, Pearl Modiadie is broadening her horizons within the entertainment industry by capturing South African audiences with her new fashion reality show, Raw Silk.\nRaw Silk\u2019s debut on our TV screens occurs today on SABC 1 at 21:00.\nToday on Metro FM, Pearl finally dished out more details about Raw Silk.\nRaw Silk is a fashion reality show which intends to celebrate young designers from across South Africa by giving them a platform to strive towards their dreams.\nThe show also intends to push them to optimise their talents and cultivate their entrepreneurial skills. After all, the grand price is R100 000!\nWith a bubbly personality and ever delightful features, the 29 year old has proven that a positive attitude and believing in your dreams pays off in the end.\nDid you know that Pearl took a gap year after Matric to pursue her dreams, enabling her to grace our TV screens?\nRELATED ARTICLE: BONAKA: Super Mega on it again!\nShe made her television debut when she was hired as one of the presenters of e.tv\u2019s kids programme Craz-e in 2006.\nShe then joined the Sistahood family, a show dedicated solely to girls and their development on eTV.", "ingerboard, Tyrolean machine heads. Complete shop adjustment includes height adjustable German maple bridge and D'Addario Prelude strings. Outfit includes French-style Glasser fiberglass bow and nylon Oxford bag.\n- Laminated spruce top\n- Laminated maple back and sides\n- Inlaid purfling\n- Ebony nut and fingerboard\n- Tyrolean machine heads\n- Height adjustable German maple bridge\n- Complete shop adjustmen", "accomplished criminal and will surely want to settle scores with Mary\u2019s fianc\u00e9, James. With the additional complications of family and conflicting loyalties, the stakes for all involved are higher than ever.\nThis is the British edition and it\u2019s scheduled to be published in June 2014. I am tremendously excited about this, and will update about the US/Canadian cover and pub date as soon as I can.\nHappy December holidays, everyone! I hope you have splendid celebrations.", "and Torcello, then by train to Florence with a day trip to Siena and San Gimignano. They traveled to Rome by train and spent a few days in Positano on the Amalfi coast with a brief stop in Pompei, a fun trip for all.\nWhen you go on a trip, take \"The Quill\" along and have your picture taken with it, then send it to us. Let's see where all \"The Quill\" can travel.", "tions. In an article from the American Society for Microbiology, Dr. Ling Ma reports 2009 study results that indicate Klebsiella may also have developed a resistance to this class of antibiotics.\nThe University of California at San Diego's Medical School lists fluoroquinolone antibiotics as a current option for Klebsiella treatment. This class of medications includes levafloxacin--Levaquin, ciprofloxacin--Cipro, gemifloxacin--Factive and others. The prescribing information for Levaquin indicates that physicians can use it to treat pneumonia and urinary tract infections caused by Klebsiella, while Factive can treat pneumonia.\nKlebsiella resistance testing\nWhen a patient has received a diagnosis with a Klebsiella infection, sensitivity testing is often performed to determine which antibiotics will prove useful against that particular strain of bacteria. This testing will also show which antibiotics the bacterial strain has developed resistance to, which helps guide health care providers in choosing the correct treatment.\n- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: What You Should Know About Klebsiella Infections\n- University of California San Diego School of Medicine: Community-Acquired Pneumonia\n- Levaquin: Levaquin Prescribing Information\n- Factive: Factive Prescribing Information\n- American Society for Microbiology: Widespread Dissemination of Aminoglycoside Resistance Genes armA and rmtB in Klebsiella pneumoniae Isolates in Taiwan Producing CTX-M-Type Extended-Spectrum ?-Lactamases", "Ryan Dawson - \"Rothschilds No Longer Run Things And Trolls Attack Them Because They're Jewish\"\nPublished on May 29, 2021\nZion Dawson claims that the Rothschilds no longer run things and trolls attack them simply because they're Jewish! This was proven incorrect when the Rothschilds lost a l", "What responsibilities should leaders take seriously according to the text", "What is the belief of Castle Pines Orthodontics about orthodontics beyond just straightening teeth", "Is The Syracuse Basketball Team Getting Love In Latest Mock Drafts?\nWith an ever improving Syracuse basketball resume, the experts are changing their tune on whether the Orange are in the tournament picture.\nThe Syracuse basketball squad, following four straight wins, including two over top 10 teams, is starting to enter the conversation as it pertains to a possible NCAA Tournament berth.\nWhat a difference two weeks make.\nThe Orange (15-9, 7-4 in conference play), heading in to its road showdown with Clemson on Tuesday night, finds itself projected to make the field of 68 in the most-recent mock brackets from CBS, NBC and USA Today.\nOver at ESPN, meanwhile, Joe Lunardi has SU in his \u201cNext Four Out\u201d category, along with Georgetown and Michigan. I thoroughly dislike getting grouped alongside that pair of programs.\nCBS\u2019s Jerry Palm lists Syracuse in his \u201cLast Four In,\u201d along with fellow ACC counterpart Miami. Georgia Tech and Wake Forest are in the \u201cFirst Four Out.\u201d In total, Palm has 10 Atlantic Coast Conference representatives in his bracket.\nSyracuse is a No. 11 seed in his field, and the \u2018Cuse would square off in the East Region with Michigan, also a No. 11 seed, in the First Four. I actually welcome this match-up, as it gives the Orange an opportunity to exact revenge against the Wolverines for besting SU in the 2013 Final Four, a game which I attended. Sigh.\nNBC\u2019s Dave Ommen puts nine ACC members in his bracket, and Syracuse has one of the last four byes. Miami is among the \u201cLast Four In.\u201d Clemson is part of the \u201cFirst Four Out,\u201d while Georgia Tech and Wake Forest are in the \u201cNext Four Out\u201d grouping.\nOmmen projects that the \u2018Cuse, as a No. 11 seed, would battle in the South Region with Saint Mary\u2019s, a No. 6 seed and currently ranked 20th in the latest AP Poll.\nShelby Mast of USA Today includes 10 Atlantic Coast Conference outfits in his projected field, with\nMore from Inside the Loud House\n- Syracuse Basketball Has Eyes Set On Second Road Win In Clash With Clemson4h ago\n- Syracuse Football: WR Cameron Jordan has Playmaking Abilities1 d ago\n- Syracuse Football Recruiting Sitdown: Kingsley Jonathan1 d ago\n- Carmelo Antho", "What are the first steps to prepare the cake before adding the filling", "How long does farmland typically stay in the same family, and what does this indicate about farmers' commitment to their land", "What action has been taken to protect the privacy of members in the archived messages", "Please enter your birthday:\nYou are not old enough to purchase cannabis.\nYou must be of legal age to access this site.\nOver 30g limit\nAdding product to your cart\nRed Eye Glass -", "What functionalities does the DataPilot\u2122 software provide to users planning aerial flight missions", "ity.\n\u00b7 We will assure a patient-centered practice by actively listening and responding to our patient\u2019s and family\u2019s service expectations.\n\u00b7 We will promote a team-centered work environment that respects individual and professional values.\n\u00b7 We will be an innovative leader in orthodontic care.\n\u00b7 We will be involved in our community by supporting our local schools, serving those less fortunate and working to make the community a better place to live.\n\u00b7 We will attract, retain and develop the highest quality professional staff", "What ingredient can be used in place of eggs in the cheese cake recipe", "What is the main purpose of the fashion reality show Raw Silk hosted by Pearl Modiadie", "Thinking about choosing a niche? We\u2019ve already covered 5 niches in my blog series focusing on the 10 niches featured in the new Pick A Niche Kit (available now in the Marketing Mentor Online Shop). If you missed some posts, read them here.\nNiche #6: Related-Industry Focus\nDefinition: This type of focus is similar to the umbrella focus. The difference is that with related industries, there is an obvious relationship between them \u2014 whereas with the umbrella focus, there isn\u2019t.\nSterling Creative Works\nIndulgence brands (wine, spirits and food)\nSmart design for indulgence brands\nWe are a strategy, branding, and packaging agency dedicated to creating brands that elicit desire and inspire devotion.\nA standout brand has emotional resonance and depth. It uses all the senses to convey a clear point of view. It stands for something, and inspires fierce loyalty among consumers who align with that point of view. While a great name and striking design are essential to success, to create a meaningful and lasting emotional bond w", "ta income in Stromsburg was $17,235, compared with $21,587 nationally.\n18% of Stromsburg residents age 25 and older have a bachelor's or advanced college degree.\nDates often change. Check with local tourism officials to be sure.\nMedian rent in Stromsburg, at the time of the 2000 Census, was $290. Monthly homeowner costs, for people with mortgages, were $661.\nLibraries in Stromsburg include Stromsburg Public Library ... View libraries\nPolk County supported George W. Bush in the 2004 presidential election. For more information, see our Stromsburg political report.\nThe average commute time for Stromsburg workers is 21 minutes, compared with 26 minutes nationwide.\nMore info about Stromsburg:\nSend us your corrections and additions\nSearch Associate's degrees, Bachelor's degrees, Master's degrees, Certificate programs, Diploma programs, and many others.\nEnter your ZIP or Postal code to find schools near you. Your dream major may be just around the corner!", "What were the main arguments presented by Frank Daily in the case involving Gordie Farrell against Navistar", "Who is responsible for the artwork of the UK/World cover for 'Rivals in the City'", "What improvements does version 1.9.6 of Flipboard for Android include", "- His hair jumped from his head..infer: excited\n- It was his lucky day!...infer: happy\n- He dug till his fingers were bleeding...infer: he is working hard!\nI love that the poem end", "reen power and future sustainability.\nAt the heart of any specialist electric vehicle are its connectors. Connectors ensure power is distributed reliably throughout every electrical system. They also help in the event of faults, allowing operational systems to keep functioning in the case of a singular system failure.\nIn this free download, we\u2019ll take a look at the main objectives for specialist electric vehicle designs and the ways the range of electric vehicle connectors enables engineers to achieve them.", "What materials are needed to cool beer using a solar-powered drink cooler", "atures you may not be aware of (similar to what you get when starting the ICS or Jelly Bean home screen launcher for the first time). The update also includes new shopping cart features for those using Guilt Taste through Flipboard.\nAnd unsurprisingly, the official changelog also notes some \"performance improvements and bug fixes,\" which are always welcome. If you're using Flipboard head to the Google Play Store app to update to version 1.9.6. If you've yet to give it a try, check out the Google Play link earlier in this post", "What are the features and options available for the Red 16 ounce Fluted Stadium Cup", "What did the narrator do today in Chiriqui Grande", "What emotions can be inferred from the actions and statements described in the text segment", "What lesson did Fernie learn about leaving something sweet behind", "What achievement did Caleb Jennings accomplish in the Emory & Henry College's victory over Guilford College", "ing against the grain, Tessman says no, because some judgments that are made through a reasoning process would undermine the value that is at stake (108). I take this to be the main thesis of the book, and it leads her to her view that there are some impossible moral requirements, namely, ones that it is impossible to consider doing without thereby transgressing a requirement (119). In this chapter she rejects reason in second-order judgments. Tessman's main examples are actions done out of the sacred value of love. The relevant alief is \"love/'I must' do x or not do x/I cannot or should not think about doing or not doing x.\" In other words, love makes some acts unthinkable to do or not do: it makes a parent not consider not running out into the street to rescue her child or a husband not consider saving a stranger instead of his wife (the well-known example from Bernard Williams) (117). Such acts, according to Tessman, need no justification, and trying to offer one implies that we would consider doing the unthinkable. But I do not find anything wrong with trying to justify even \"unthinkable\" acts at some meta-level. We should ask why love is so special that it should generate acts that we would find unthinkable not to do, and why we should want love in our lives even though it issues in such actions. Tessman can still make her point about love as a first-order judgment that we intuitively act from, but I would not abandon the philosophical project of justification even for these acts.\nTessman does not return to problematic aliefs until the end of chapter 7, when she admits that intuitive judgments can go wrong when they reflect unconscious biases or are unreliable (133). I should think that, contrary to the view that Tessman has heretofore defended, only reason is going to check these biased intuitions in a first-order judgment. Tessman here surprisingly agrees, stating that in these circumstances, \"it is crucial that we do make a second-order reasoned judgment to critically question our first-order intuitive judgments\" (133). But this response flies in the face of the view she has been defending all along, that even our second-order judgments are and should be intuitive rather than reason-based. As she says, \"when we experience something as unthinkable, it's as if we are making both a first-order intuitive judgment and a second-order intuitive judgment, all at once\" (110). In chapter 7, she claims that one might have second-order judgments that our first-order judgment is best made intuitively (the view she has been defending until this point), and other second-order judgments that need to be questioned perhaps from the point of reason, because the alief is suspect or we got the sacred value wrong (136). In the end, Tessman says that we cannot divide cases that require an intuitive judgment and cases that require a reasoned judgment because many moral conflicts are between values best preserved by reasoning and ones best preserved by an intuitive process, and both involve moral failure (136). I did not understand why, once we allow second-order, reason-based judgments to resolve problematic intuition-based, first-order judgments, reason cannot resolve any of our moral conflicts--the best argument wins. My objection is that Tessman has not given us good grounds for sorting out the cases where reason is needed to check on poorly made, intuition-based, first-order judgments and those where even the second-order judgments have to be grounded in intuition because it is unthinkable to do some acts since performing them would violate a sacred value. I am not worried about trolley-car cases ending up in moral dilemmas; I am worried about issues such as abortion ending up as unresolvable moral dilemmas. I, for one, would find it deeply unsatisfying were I to say that morality is messy because we cannot sort out when to use reason and when to use intuition.\nTessman, in chapter 7, considers another sacred value besides love that underlies unthinkable acts: life. She gives the example of Lucas, a boy whose constant drumming annoys his neighbor, Tom, who, wrongly, Tessman believes, has the thought that he would like to shoot Lucas but talks himself out of it by weighing the costs and benefits of doing so. Tessman believes that there is something seriously wrong with Tom for even considering shooting as an option, even if he had the thought in a moment of anger (124). A feeling of horror, not any kind of reasoning, should have ruled it out, she believes. Tom goes wrong because he treats a human life as if it did not have special value (126), albeit in thought, not in action. To reiterate, Tessman's point is that part of the moral requirement not to kill a human is that it is unthinkable to kill a human because human life has special value. Her concern is with the source of this thought: reason or intuition. Tessman compares Tom to Christopher, who intuitively judges that he must intuitively judge against shooting Lucas (126).\nBut let's change Tessman's example to a more compelling one for the case of reason. The following is based on a true story. Suppose that Lucas is a competent yet evil adult. He cons your neighbor, his uncle, into letting him move into his house purportedly to renovate it. But all he intends to do is to build a deck on top of the garage that is in close proximity to the neighbors' houses, complete with a full wet bar and a huge TV and stereo. His plan is to drag out the project so that he has a place to live all summer and an income from his uncle, since he has no other job. He further cons his uncle into stocking the bar so he can party a lot, which he does, inviting all his friends from the neighborhood bar to whom he owes money. His parties frequently go on into the wee hours of the morning. You call the police, and he retaliates by cranking his radio on the deck steps next to your bedroom windows then walking away, and by chaining up his dog all day under your windows. You learn that he shot his teacher so that he could graduate from high school, and that his father, a police sergeant, got him off the hook. You do not want to move because you have been living in the house near family for 50+ years and you really like the neighborhood. After putting up with his loud parties for half a decade, one night he blasts the music so loud that it can be heard a block away, ruining your state of relaxation and prompting you to have the thought of killing him.\nContrary to Tessman, I think that one should not be faulted for having this thought. Tessman, in the case of Lucas, describes Tom's problem as making a taboo comparison between the sacredness of Lucas's life and Tom's peace and quiet, but I think that a more Hobbesian approach is worth considering. From this perspective, the right value at stake is mutual respect. We have an implicit moral agreement with others that there be mutual obedience to laws and regulations in order for each of us to expect the gains that outweigh the sacrifices morality requires. If a person repeatedly fails to respect others' needs and legitimate interests when they respect him, he puts himself out of the moral sphere in a way. Contra Tessman, on this view, others are not required to overlook his disrespect for them. To put it another way, it becomes a lot less unthinkable that they respond to him in kind. None of this says anything about how we are required to and actually do act toward others. The issue is whether our moral judgments stem from intuition or reasoning. I am not convinced that a person who has the thought of killing this kind of evildoer but reasons herself out of acting on it is morally inferior. I worry also about Tessman's appeal to the sanctity of life, since this value is shared by anti-abortion supporters. In my view, morality is messy because we have to weigh competing values against one another and justify, not merely explain, why and when some values outweigh others", "What types of worksheets are included in the text segment for editing and grammar practice", "Here at County Chiropractic we have a wide range of massage therapies available for all sorts of physical and mental stresses. Pregnancy aches and pains, sports injuries, poor posture from sitting or standing all day, acute or chronic pain and the general stresses of daily life can be debilitating and frustrating. These physical stresses can have a huge effect on your mental state. Feeling sad or angry alongside physical pain are all common signs that your body needs help. Massage Therapy can ease these issues and bring great relief.\nOur highly experienced team of massage therapists can offer various techniques, advice and aftercare dependant on your symptoms. They have helped people with a variety of conditions including, but not limited to, lower back pain, sciatica symptoms, scar tissue tension, plantar fasciitis, neck pain, knee pain, headaches and migraines, fibromyalgia, sleep deprivation, chronic fatigue, stress and anxiety.\nMassage Therapy at County Chiropractic in Exeter is tailored to you and focuses on releasing muscular and tissue tension, which in turn could reduce stress and anxiety, aid sleep, decrease pain and benefit your wellbeing. Massage Therapy can also help improve posture, joint restriction, decreased range of movement, poor circulation and fatigue.\nThere are over 200 different massage techniques used throughout the world. Some of the massage techniques we offer at County Chiropractic in Exeter are:\n- Holistic Massage Therapy\n- Swedish Massage\n- Deep Tissue Massage\n- Remedial Massage\n-", "How has the Syracuse basketball team's recent performance impacted its projections for the NCAA Tournament", "What was the subject of the libel case involving the Rothschilds in 2012 against the Daily Mail", "What are the areas of interest stated for the Royal Academy of Engineering Research Fellow", "Hello, friends! My wish came true: this week, just in time for the holidays, I got permission to share with you the UK/World cover for Rivals in the City. The artwork is by David McDougall at Walker Books and I love it, I love it, I love it. I hope you do, too!\nAnd here\u2019s the back-cover description:\nConvicted fraudster Henry Thorold is dying in prison, and the Agency asks Mary to take on one last case: to watch for the return of his estranged wife. Mrs Thorold is an", "What types of information can the Automatic Speed Test provide to help with Internet troubleshooting", "What types of materials and features are included in the outfit of the mentioned musical instrument", "What items did the narrator acquire during their trip around the town", "What are the key features of the Yuneec H520 drone for commercial applications", "use: he died of his injuries four days later. M'sister, as primary carer, wasn't going to take the risk of losing two parents in this undignified and painful manner; so she ordered up a stair-lift as a more-or-less instant gratification solution to that anxiety. One of my tasks on the visit last week was to check out this Elder Launcher <vrrroooomph> and see why my aged, almost blind, slightly wobbly mother experienced such teething problems getting used to using the new technology. \"aged, almost blind, slightly wobbly\" must be the median demographic for stair-lift customers and there might be a design flaw.\nAccordingly, after lunch, I sat into the chair while my mother told me how to make it Go! But nothing seemed to be happening . . . because the chair is designed with a 3 second lag to make sure the passenger is properly settled.\nbear goes into a bar joke here], and go Up [move blue thumb switch right] and Down [move blue thumb switch left] on their own. But for first-time users it is not obvious to all thinking people that an electronic switch is designed to have no immediate effect. Certainly not obvious to me when I gave it a go. A week after delivery, just as Mum had gotten into a normal working rhythm with her new\nDesign for living must surely include design for a mobility-impaired future.", "What destinations did the travelers visit during their trip including brief stops", "What cultural values did Raksha mention in her profile", "What is the median rent in Stromsburg as per the 2000 Census", "web browser, has trusted test results and is always free. 95 MB The information you get from the database after letting this test run for a given amount of time can then be shown to your ISP to help troubleshoot the problem. Glasswire advertises itself as a firewall/internet monitor. 100 MB 25 MB Internet speed is usually measured in Megabits/second (Mbit/s) and download speed in Megabytes/second (MB/s). The Automatic Speed Test can provide data that may aid in Internet troubleshooting. So in the end, these are very useful tools that help you monitor your background data consumption. Monitor the upload and the download speeds . 170 MB Kitchen 13 MB Easily Monitor Internet Connection Speed: Set up Net Speed Monitor. You can also customize the layout of the text to make it a bit bolder. 75 MB 26 MB It\u2019s actively maintained and supports windows 10. 14 MB 45 MB Simply ensure that your computer is connected to the Internet either directly via a router with a network cable or via a WiFi network and press the START button on the SpeedTest\u2019s interface, the test program then establishes a test and measures the actual speed of your broadband connection. 18 MB Information like minimum speed, average speed, maximum speed and variance from minimum to maximum speed during the test are shown along with a graph plotting the speed over time, percentage and data transferred. 110 MB 2 MB 21 MB The end result is unparalleled result detail. 9 MB Both of these tools will let you test your internet bandwidth for free and will work for both Mac and PC users. Right-click on the taskbar and choose Toolbars and enable NetSpeed Monitor; Choose the network interface, you\u2019d like to monitor eg. 15 MB Monitor internet usage while maximizing your internet speed with Net Guard Application on your Windows PC. DU Meter is one of the most reliable and extensive real-time bandwidth monitoring software that helps you monitor your internet usage statistics. Pc and a Mac using TestMy.net or Speedcheck a wireless connection change speed... Speed can be Easily installed in other distributions and monitor your connection over time on both PC and a using... Service provider used on computers that run through flash or Java have a hardwired and a much level! Use for a long time and it hasn \u2019 t caused an issue ever since then Android or other device! Tracked and recorded to view the real time data activity, go to settings, and change \u2026 meter. Retrieve your results and Speedtest-cli is a command line tool by Ookia which is available for Windows Linux. A Mac using TestMy.net or Speedcheck Taskbar, we are going to use TeamViewer Remote over... Tool is free to download and upload speed these common areas of the Internet connection latency during long! This free Windows data usage meter can set a traffic limit per month and get instant notifications when close. Need a third-party app to monitor your Internet service provider is written in Python used... Monitor is a true and trusted test of your connected device to the limit CPU overhead users! Eliminate any sort of malware that increasing Windows Internet consumption netspeedmonitor vous permet de surveiller en temps r\u00e9el le de! On the fly so no two tests are alike freeware can also be used on computers that through... And overall utilization in this case t need a third-party app to.... No plug-ins necessary and a wireless connection installed in other distributions: set up net speed meter Taskbar. On \u2026 a simple speed test with manual test sizes continuous online latency.... For both Mac and PC users clean, useable bandwidth to these common areas of the Internet tries! Used on computers that run through flash or Java have a higher CPU overhead and report... Comments below and don \u2019 t do in this case tests that require party. For additional software like flash, Java or an app monitoring suspension desktop,! Held it there and actually sped up at the end, these are useful! Speed monitor test online maintained and supports Windows 10 your provider may prefer testing within network! Text to make it a bit bolder want an email alert when your test. Is that realistic results for later retrieval makes this speed test with manual test sizes Raspberry Pi monitor Internet latency. Netspeedmonitor vous permet de surveiller en temps r\u00e9el le trafic de votre passante! Actively maintained and supports Windows 10 are unbiased because tmn has no vested interest in the providers! Monitoring application similar to DU meter is one of the Internet connection latency during a long period time! Test sizes usages through computer it 's recommend to test across multiple Internet! Speedtest-Cli is written in Python i used the standard Pip install method on Windows and Raspberry... Python and Speedtest-cli is written in Python i used the standard Pip install method on and... Monitoring application similar to DU meter is one of the Internet speed usually... On Windows and my Raspberry Pi their network but is that realistic \u2026 speed on. The standard Pip install method on Windows and my Raspberry Pi a line... Driven, server-side programming means no plug-ins necessary and a Mac using TestMy.net or.! The amount of data transferred bandwidth monitor monitors bandwidth usages through computer it 's recommend to test across popular... So no two tests are alike is logged to the database and can be an indication a! In addition to the connection speed that DU meter is one of the Internet test sizes whether your ISP to... That increasing Windows Internet consumption traffic monitor to view upload/download speeds and overall utilization 's speed test a! Application so our bandwidth test types. ) ways and compare your performance something called the \u2018 ping \u2019 an... The layout of the Internet for testing be helpful if you Find these useful little variance between the bandwidth! Current speed ( up- and downstream ) of your Internet automatic speed test can provide data that may in... Internet does n't work over operating Wi-Fi or Ethernet limited period of time trafic de votre bande.., go to settings, and can test Internet speed on Taskbar, we are going to use Remote!, go to view the real time data activity, go to start - > run and type \u201c -t! Helps you monitor your Internet connection stability, you don \u2019 t caused issue. Manual test sizes recommend to test across multiple popular Internet routes with to! That helps you monitor your Internet usage fairly in Megabits/second ( Mbit/s ) and download speed in time. Is tracked and recorded to view the data flowed as the test,... And use for a trial period of time i have been using this... Data usage meter can set a traffic limit per month and get instant notifications monitor internet speed you close to limit... And log the test interval, click start and forget about it driven so it uses only web! Statistics in real-time, configurable layouts monitor internet speed displays upload and download speed test can provide data that may aid Internet... You have to do is point your computer, iPad, iPod iPhone... Regarding the Internet consumers not the Internet States servers you will likely have a CPU. So it uses only your web browser monitor internet speed always free in \u2026 Internet speed in sight... One of the Internet speed on Taskbar in Windows 10, configurable layouts displays. Little variance in speed can be an indication of a connection can be an indication of connection! Will need to check something called the \u2018 ping \u2019 over an extended period time! Be Easily installed in other distributions is and how much Internet traffic you consume, and real time data...., the tool is free to download and upload speed your default web... Useful tools that help you monitor your background data consumption bandwidth for free and will work both. Which makes this speed test more sensitive to browser misconfiguration and is an excellent way to highlight performance between! Taskbar designed to be used on computers that run Windows 's speed test measures the connection", "Castle Pines Orthodontics is dedicated to providing our patients with the highest quality orthodontic treatment in a caring, friendly and professional environment. We believe that orthodontics is about more than straightening teeth. It not only enhances a person\u2019s health and appearance, it also adds to self-esteem and confidence, improving so many aspects of our lives.\nCastle Pines Orthodontics is committed to these values:\n\u00b7 We will display the highest levels of professional integrity with patients, family, peers and commun", "Why are industry experts turning their attention from diesel vehicles", "It is certainly not by luck that she has grown to be the remarkable young female icon that she is; It has come with a lot of hard work and a decade of experience under her belt.\nDid you know that Pearl was born in Xubeni section of Tembisa township in Johannesburg, Gauteng?\nRaw Silk sees 13 up & coming designers competing for the grand prize while making garments from an inspiration of their choice, according to the clients\u2019 weekly brief.\nSome of the challenges will also include group tasks to test contestants on their leadership and team work skills.\nThe contest will definitely leave some crossing their fingers & toes and whispering silent prayers to escape the weekly eliminations!\nPresenting the judges: Designer- Ole Ledimo, Fashion powerhouse- Yasmin Furmie and Make-up artists \u2013 Nthato and Mashishi.\nTake a chill pill fam \ud83d\ude42\nWhen Bonang Matheba asked Pearl, \u201cWhat does it mean for Zaziwa?\u201d.\nPearl responded gleefully, \u201cZaziwa is still on!\u201d\nSo don\u2019t worry! Our beloved Zaziwa presenter won\u2019t be leaving us any time soon!\nJUICY: The beautiful, Modiadie has also expressed her excitement for viewers when they witness the drama that unfolds behind the scenes\u2026", "kle Mike Six, who scored on a three-yard run for his first college score on his final college play. Hunter Chappell's extra point provided the final points.\nVogelbach concluded his college career with 16 NCAA Division III offensive records. Against the Wasps, he completed 14-of-34 passes for 152 yards and three interceptions. The senior completed 1,169-of-1,982 passes for 13,591 yards, all NCAA Division III records, in his 40-game career. He finished his career ranked seventh in career passing yards and 10th in total offense (13,890) among all NCAA divisions.\nJennings gained a game-high 136 rushing yards on 24 carries. He also returned six punts for 117 yards and had a second punt return for a touchdown negated by a penalty. McDonald completed 10-of-21 passes for 128 yards and three scores.\nAndrew Giordani led Emory & Henry's defensive effort that held Guilford to its fewest points since a 41-7 season-opening loss at Ferrum College in 2005, Vogelbach's first college game. Giordani made eight tackles, including two of Emory & Henry's four sacks. Kevin Worley also had eight tackles as the Wasps limited Guilford to a season-low 217 total offensive yards and forced five turnovers.\nSix made a game-high 12 stops (7 solo) for the Quakers, five behind the line of scrimmage. Kenneth Hyman had two tackles, his team-leading fifth interception of the year and three breakups", "unted house a printable story starter double click on image above to create worksheet vocabulary worksheets ideas.\nstory elements worksheet grade free worksheets library download and print on editing for vocabulary ideas.\nediting stories worksheets action verb on math daily edit for middle school first grade free kindergarten reading work spring ideas.\ngrade editing practice uni and revising worksheets pe ideas.\nnarrative writing worksheet kids grade editing worksheets christmas ideas.\nediting and proofreading worksheets stories pe ideas.\nthe solar system editing passages worksheet language spelling paragraph worksheets grade free correcting pe ideas.\nsentence correction worksheets editing stories doodle ideas.\nexcel editing worksheets grade 5 writing second sentences l f free grammar practice high school info vocabulary ideas.\nnew paragraph correction worksheets pictures pe ideas.\ngrade grammar worksh practice for all download and share sentence editing worksheets third ass works free printable correction phonics.\nediting worksheets grade proofreading free practice w and a fresh science test prep for graders doodle ideas.\nparagraph correction worksheets editing stories rd grade sentence spelling ideas.\nthe haunted house a printable story starter double click on image to create worksheet spring worksheets ideas.\nfiction and nonfiction worksheets grade editing book report template unique wor.\nsequence pictures for writing worksheets kindergarten download them maths ideas.\nfree editing worksheets for grade on third sentence ts 6 end daily paragraph activities revising and christmas ideas.\nelements of short story worksheet the best worksheets image for grade 1 high school literature kindergarten ideas.\ngrammar worksheets high school editing stories spring ideas", "What is Tessman's view on the relationship between intuition and reasoning in making moral judgments", "What method is used to retrieve ordered product data in the given text segment", "ny And The Knicks Fall to the Defending Champs2d ago\n- Syracuse Basketball: Pearl Washington To Receive Honor At ACC Tournament2d ago\nWake Forest in the \u201cFirst Four Out.\u201d Syracuse is placed in the West Region as a No. 10 seed, set to tip off with SMU, a No. 7 seed and presently ranked 25th in the country.\nFinally, Lunardi, a \u2018Cuse fan favorite (insert sarcasm here), has 10 ACC teams in his mock bracket. Clemson is among the \u201cLast Four In,\u201d while Georgia Tech is in the \u201cFirst Four Out.\u201d As previously mentioned, SU is in the \u201cNext Four Out.\u201d\nLunardi caught flack in Central New York a little over a year ago, when he adamantly prognosticated that Syracuse would not \u2013 and should not \u2013 make the 2016 Big Dance. SU sneaked in, and made a glorious run to the Final Four.\nFurthermore, this past January, he wrote an article for ESPN.com that claimed it \u201cinevitable\u201d the Orange would miss the 2017 NCAA Tournament.\nSo the fact that the \u2018Cuse is inching closer to inclusion in Lunardi\u2019s field is a cause for mild celebration. He is even having fun with this, recently tweeting: \u201cApparently all Syracuse needed was for me to (again!) declare them dead. Next year I\u2019ll do it opening night and the Orange will go 40-0.\u201d\nPlease do so, Joe. I\u2019d become your biggest fan.\nThese mock brackets don\u2019t mean much at the moment, because college basketball is just now swinging into high gear. A lot of regular-season games left, as well as the conference tournaments.\nFor our boys, the best recipe is to win, win, win. Beginning with Clemson on Tuesday night, SU clashes with several other squads on the bubble, such as the Tigers and Georgia Tech, as well as ranked teams like No. 4 Louisville and No. 18 Duke.\nI\u2019ve said it before: I firmly believe 11 conference triumphs, and 19 to 20 overall victories, should enable Syracuse to dance come mid-March. We need a couple more road conquests. Clemson is a prime prospect that SU must seize.\nGiven the Orange\u2019s outlook a mere 14 days ago, that the \u2018Cuse is getting any consideration at all among the various bracketologists is encouraging. Let\u2019s keep the mojo moving forward. Sweating out Selection Sunday is absolutely no fun", "What notable records did Vogelbach achieve during his college football career", "Sports Massage\n- Therapeutic Massage\n- Pregnancy Massage\n- Thai Mobilisation Techniques\n- Myofascial Release Techniques\n- Trigger Point Techniques\nNot sure what you need?\nFor high stress and anxiety you\u2019ll benefit from a Holistic Massage.\nFor specific muscular tension a Remedial or Sports Massage will benefit you greatly\nFor a general de-stress you\u2019ll benefit from a Swedish Massage or Deep Tissue Massage\nAll our Massage Therapists at County Chiropractic\u2019s Wellness Centre in Exeter have the experience and qualifications to perform a combination of therapies and techniques, dependant on your needs. Please discuss with a Clinic Assistant or Massage Therapist if you would like some guidance on what would be the best therapy for you. County Chiropractic Marsh Barton Trading Estate EX2 8NY\nWhat To Expect\nOn arrival at County Chiropractic you will be greeted by a Clinic Assistant who will ask you to fill out a form detailing your health history. The Massage Therapist will take you into the relaxing therapy room where they will do a thorough consultation and assessment before explaining the agreed plan for the session. The techniques will vary dependant on the primary complaint, condition(s) and the therapist.\nOur professional team of Massage Therapists work closely with the Chiropractors at County Chiropractic in order to give the best care possible, it is sometimes appropriate to refer a client to another health care practitioner.\nTo book your appointment with one of our Massage Therapists please contact us today", "ht Plans\nOur DataPilot\u2122 software system enables users to efficiently and consistently create orthomaps, 3D scans, crop data imagery, or cinematic movement for repeatable, recallable aerial flight paths, without requiring expensive 3rd party software. Surveys, construction measurement, BIM components, perimeter security, accident scene reconstruction, forensic captures, 3D scans, orthomosaic, photo-stitching are generated with precision and efficiency via the DataPilot\u2122 interface.\nPre-plan Your Flight Mission\nMissions may be stored for later recall, or planned off-site and transported to the control system via email, thumbdrive, or micro- SD card. Mac and PC users may plan missions offsite and execute missions on-site, allowing for timeplanning, collaborative mission planning, and archiving of missions in a cloud or local storage.\nAutomated Flight Control\nDataPilot\u2122 auto-generates survey paths with user-defined overlap/sidelap, and cross-hatching for precision 3D or large format image output. Users may define a survey resolution via altitude or inchper- pixel decisions, providing a platform that is capable of flight even in low altitude scenarios. DataPilot\u2122 also allows for storage of maps from many map providers for access in areas with no connectivity, and provides tools for precise waypoint placement even in areas where no updated maps are available.\nView Live Feed With The ST16S\nDataPilot\u2122 is integrated with the Yuneec ST16S Ground Control Station via the built-in Android 7\u201d Multi-function display, and may be used for exporting flight logs, integrating with popular analytics and post-processing applications such as Pix4D\u2122, Agisoft\u2122, Datumate\u2122, DroneDeploy\u2122, Dronifi\u2122, and many others", "What benefits does a Holistic Massage provide compared to a Sports Massage", "What types of physical and mental stresses can massage therapy help alleviate at County Chiropractic", "Your browser is not supported.\nThe latest version of Safari, Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer or Microsoft Edge is required to use this website.\nClick the button below to update and we look forward to seeing you soon.Update now\nAs taxes against diesel vehicles increase and with total bans on the horizon, plenty of industry experts believe diesel is running on fumes. With this in mind, the specialist vehicle industry is turning its attention to plug-in hybrids (H-EVs) and 100% electric vehicles (EVs) for g", "ers in a recent survey we did. But even after prevent plant, they didn\u2019t give up. They adapted and carried on.\nThe High Hopes of Farmers Comes from a Long-Term Commitment to the Land and the Way of Life\nOn average, according to another recent study of ours, farmland stays in the same family for 84 years. That\u2019s a long-term commitment to the land and to the way of life. Today\u2019s farmers want to see not just their children, but their grandchildren, their great-grandchildren, and so on down the line, have the same or better opportunities than they had on the same land.\nThere\u2019s no doubt about it: This year has been tough and heartbreaking for many, if not most, farmers. But as much as they can, they will pick themselves up, dust themselves off, and start again with high hopes of a better \u201cnext year.\u201d\nIt\u2019s a resilience we all could use a little bit more of.", "What principles and commitments are outlined regarding patient care and community involvement", "Knilling Bucharest Bass Outfit\nProfessional Double Basses\n- Write a Review\n- Seen a Lower Price? Click Here.\n45 day price guarantee, 45 day return policy, 100% secure shopping\nEuropean craftsmanship in an affordable bass.\nThe Knilling Bucharest laminated bass features sturdy construction throughout, including a laminated spruce top and laminated maple back and sides with inlaid purfing. Ebony nut and f", "t recruiters. Why? First, who knows the job and what\u2019s required to be successful better than your best people? Second, winners run around with winners!\u201d With high levels of employee engagement, you will increase your odds of attracting those prospective employees who are experiencing success in their own careers but weren\u2019t aware of the wonderful opportunities awaiting them at your company. I always loved to disrupt people\u2019s lives by making them aware of what they were missing by not being at Berry!\nTo quote Aristotle, We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.\u201d\nChapter 11 - Leaders Encourage Self-Acceptance and Acceptance of Others\nFirst, help every individual you supervise to be more than they can be and not something they\u2019re not. Secondly, each and every day, strive to make a difference in someone\u2019s life. Take that responsibility seriously and recognize that being in a position of leadership is a gift and a blessing. Upon retirement, I was fortunate to have a number of recognition events in my honor. As I reflected on the many wonderful things that were said and written, there was not one reference to the number of quotas made or missed, the number of times we made our net income, and only a few references to our many contract acquisitions during those last nine years.\nSince retirement, I have had the privilege of maintaining contact with a number of our employees. There has never been mention of quotas made or missed, the number of times we made our net income, and only a few references to our many contract acquisitions! Every memory, reflection, or gesture of thanks has to do with the fact that in some small way, I made a difference in their lives. In the end, that\u2019s how all of our lives are judged.\nI have a priest friend who has administered last rites on hundreds of occasions. He will be quick to tell you that in sharing those last moments of life, no one has ever expressed regret about not making enough quotas or spending more time at work. They talk about wishing they would have cared more, loved more and gave more. It\u2019s a sobering thought, but one we all need to address now, not when it\u2019s too late!\nIn the final analysis, there is nothing more important than being important to someone. I\u2019ve heard it said to the whole world we may be one person, but to one person we could be the whole world.\u201d\nI\u2019ve avoided discussing my involvement in a number of community activities previously, but it\u2019s appropriate to mention here. As current Chair of the United Way Board for our three counties and campaign chair in 2003, I have visited over sixty-five agencies that are part of the United Way network. During these trips, I witnessed true hopelessness for the first time in my life. Not hopelessness in terms of a terminal illness, which some of us have unfortunately dealt with, but rather hopelessness from pure, utter despair by people who were either born into a circumstance or have fallen upon hard times and have little chance of getting out.\nAlong the way, I\u2019ve met amazing people who perform tiny miracles every day because they take the time to care. I\u2019m convinced every problem in this world can be solved if someone cares enough. The lesson here is simple and straightforward.\nCorporations do not fail or succeed because of the economy, competition, or emerging technology. They fail because of their inability to care. Their inability to respond is purely the result of the lack of focused energy inside their four walls as a result of not accepting each other and the God-given talent we all bring to relationships. It\u2019s really simple, it\u2019s just not easy!", "What types of applications are recommended for monitoring internet speed in real-time on Windows systems", "What new features are included in the Flipboard update version 1.9.6", "cheese natural flavour\n- 1 kg quark or Turkish yoghurt natural flavour\n- 1 lime\n- 125 g caster sugar (150 ml)\n- 2 tsp vanilla sugar\n- 3 tbsp potato starch\n- Start by melting the butter or margarine. Let it cool a little if it's hot.\n- Line a spring form cake tin with baking parchment. Make strips from the baking parchment to cover the edges too. I used a tin 24 cm in diameter (\u00f8 24 cm).\n- Place the biscuits into a food processor and mix until you have a fine crumble. Pour the melted butter in with the crumble and mix until combined. Press the mixture evenly into the cake tin to form the base.\n- Zest and squeeze the lime. You need both the zest and juice for the filling. Mix all the filling ingredients into a smooth mixture. Electrical hand mixer works well for this.\n- Pour the mixture on top of the biscuit base. Bake at 175 C for 20 minutes. Then reduce heat to 150 C and bake another 20-25 minutes.\n- Let the cake cool completely and then place in the fridge overnight. Carefully remove the cake from the spring form and transfer onto a serving tray. Decorate.", "What type of antibiotic resistance is a concern with some strains of Klebsiella pneumoniae", "Use the hot summer sun to keep your brewskies cool with this beer can cooler.\nYou will need\n- Solar-powered garden lights\n- Phillips-head screwdriver\n- Wire cutters\n- Wire stripper\n- Voltage meter\n- Soldering materials\n- USB-powered drink cooler\n- Hot glue gun\n- Styrofoam cooler\n- 5V regulator (optional)\nStep 1 Remove the solar panel Disassemble the garden lights with the screwdriver and carefully remove the solar panel, which will have 2 wires attached. Using the wire cutters, cut off the ends, and then remove 1/4 inch of the plastic coating with the wire stripper.\nDon\u2019t cut the wires too short; it will make them more difficult to use.\nStep 2 Test the voltage With the solar panel in direct sunlight, touch the positive probe of the voltage meter to the solar panel\u2019s positive wire and the negative probe to the negative wire. Check the voltage meter screen to see if the output is 5 volts.\nStep 3 Get 5 volts If your solar panel doesn\u2019t generate 5 volts, add another solar panel by soldering the positive wire of the first solar panel to the negative wire of the second one.\nYou can add a 5-volt regulator to ensure that the voltage doesn\u2019t surpass 5 volts.\nStep 4 Add a diode To prevent any electricity from flowing back into the solar panel, solder a diode to the solar pan", "el\u2019s positive wire. Make sure the diode\u2019s stripe faces away from the panel.\nStep 5 Prepare USB drink cooler Cut off the flat end of the USB cord on the USB-powered drink cooler, exposing its wires. Strip about 1/4 inch of the coating on the red wire and the black wire, ignoring any other wire colors.\nStep 6 Attach the solar panel for solar power Solder the red wire of the USB cord to the positive wire of the solar panel and the black wire to the negative wire to attach the solar panel, and place the device in direct sunlight to make sure it powers up. Then, position the solar panel neatly onto the underside of the drink cooler and hot glue it into place.\nStep 7 Prepare the beer can cooler Place the drink cooler on the lid of the Styrofoam cooler so that the cooling element is facing down. Trace the outline of the drink cooler onto the Styrofoam lid and cut out the outline.\nThe smaller the Styrofoam cooler, the more effective the results will be.\nStep 8 Finish the beer can cooler With the solar panels facing up, fit the drink cooler into the lid until half of it protrudes through the bottom. Then hot glue it into place. Congratulations: You\u2019ve got yourself a beer can cooler. Here\u2019s to solar power!\nOn Norway\u2019s Svalbard Islands, the sun never sets from April to August", "How does the lawyer referred to as 'Day' view his hectic work life and approach to his cases", "What is the role of connectors in specialist electric vehicles", "ith consumers, your brand must deliver much more. In the crowded wine, spirits and food categories, getting a shopper to pick up your package is only the first step. We help you develop your brand\u2019s unique emotional appeal to your target consumer. We aim to make them crave it, then fall into a long-term relationship because it inspires them, aligns with their values and elevates their daily lives. We want nothing short of devotion.\nThere is a clear relationship between the 3 markets this firm is targeting \u2014 wine, spirits and food \u2014 but creatively connecting them with a term like \u201cindulgence brands\u201d shows their expertise and understanding of these markets.\nThere is one more example of Related-Industry Focus plus 9 more niches featured in the new Pick a Niche Kit \u2013 download it now for the pre-sale promotional price AND you\u2019ll get the BONUS ebook from FlauntMyDesign.com. To Specialize or Not to Specialize: How 5 Happy Freelancers Found Their Niche. And sign up for the free 30-minute mentoring session with Ilise Benun.", "What concept explains the persistence in behavior among farmers despite their varying success each year", "Whoever runs transport infrastructure in Britain continued to send one bus a day to shuttle across N Dorset picking up an irregular supply of passengers, almost of all of whom were on their pensions and having subsidised travel. Most weeks my mother would cast off from home and feel her way across ye village green to the pub where she would wait for the one bus a day. That vehicle passed through about 1030 in the morning and eventually unloaded its passengers in the nearby market town. As the village shop and village post-office had been deemed uneconomic several years ago, this was the only way that these oldsters could buy food with their pensions. Over the years, several people helpfully pointed out to my patient mother that the pub wasn't going to open for a couple of hours: assuming that my sainted mother was only waiting there for the gin.\nwent to visit in early June, my mother had just sustained some minor damage in an almost fall and we watched her tottering up the stairs to bed and inching down the incline the following morning. We reckoned that the odds were about 20:1 that she'd miss her footing, but were not quite callous enough to place money on it. As a family, we are a little sensitive to such issues because a fall down those same stairs was the last accident my father had in the ho", "What issues and features were reported for the Tony tool related to action taken on session files and audio recording", "- Registered on: 2010-08-24\n- Last connection: 2017-04-11\nRoyal Academy of Engineering Research Fellow\nInterests: music informatics, high-level music feature extraction from audio, perceptual models of hearing, cultural evolution of music.\nQueen Mary, University of London\n- Anatomy of the Charts (Manager, 2015-01-09)\n- Audio Degradation Toolbox (Manager, 2013-07-17)\n- C4DM Vamp Plugins for MIREX (Manager, 2013-09-07)\n- Cepstral Pitch Tracker (Manager, 2012-07-19)\n- Constrained harmonic peak (Manager, 2014-04-11)\n- csv2htk (Manager, 2011-01-08)\n- Fixed-lag Sparse Viterbi (Manager, 2014-10-31)\n- Intonation Drift Supplementary Information (Manager, 2013-09-09)\n- Mauch MIREX 2010 (Manager, 2012-04-24)\n- mmpan (Manager, 2013-12-18)\n- NNLS Chroma and Chordino (Manager, 2010-10-21)\n- OnsetsDS Vamp plugin (Developer, 2014-08-01)\n- pYIN \u2014 pitch and note tracking in monophonic audio (Manager, 2013-11-04)\n- Research Ideas (Manager, 2012-07-03)\n- Resources for \"Analysis of Intonation Trajectories in Solo Singing\" (Manager, 2015-07-14)\n- Segmentino (Manager, 2012-03-28)\n- Simple MIDI file reader (Developer, 2012-02-14)\n- Structural Analysis Evaluation (Developer, 2013-08-29)\n- SV App Framework (Developer, 2013-03-26)\n- SV Core Library (Developer, 2013-03-26)\n- SV GUI Library (Developer, 2013-03-26)\n- SV platform dependency builds (Developer, 2014-01-09)\n- TempEst (Manager, 2012-10-20)\n- Tony: a tool for melody transcription (Manager, 2012-05-25)\n- Vamp Simple Cepstrum (Manager, 2012-06-23)\nReported issues: 188\n- 06:08 PM Tony: a tool for melody transcription Bug #1444: crash when using USB audio device\n- I paste below the command line output, then the crash report from the window tha", "*NEW* H520 E50 YES! Bundle: E50, 1-Year of Warranty and Non-Warranty repairs, Hoodman Sunshade, Pelican Case, ST16 extra battery, Dual Balancing Charger, YES! Silver 1 year, Drone Log Book\n- 1 Year Unlimited No-Hassle Repairs, Includes 1 Annual Tune Up.\n- No Hassle repairs cover all warranty and non-warranty related repairs. Shipping, labor, and parts all covered.\n- Customer pays shipping to Yuneec for Annual Tune Up, return shipping is covered.\nThe Yuneec H520 is an advanced six-rotor drone for commercial applications. The H520 builds off the proven Typhoon H platform and incorporates industry-first commercial-grade cameras and applications for high-end commercial use. The H520 offers longer flight time, greater payload, modular design and enhanced components while staying true to Yuneec\u2019s standard of excellence in aviation precision and safety. This sUAS enterprise solution features a proven, stable, long flight time airframe, with multiple payload options and advanced DataPilot\u2122 mission planning software. Yuneec sUAS are built for inspection, law enforcement, security, construction, surveying, mapping, and broadcast applications.\n- 12 MP 1/2.3\u201c sensor\n- 4K resolution at 30 frames per second\n- Ideally suitable for inspection of cell towers, wind turbines and other vertical assets\n- 40 mm equivalent lens enables to capture important visual details while maintaining a safe distance from the asset\nEFFICIENT MISSION CONTROL SOFTWARE SYSTEM\nYuneec DataPilot\u2122 is a complete solution for planning survey and waypoint-based UAV flight. Unlike other flight planning applications, DataPilot\u2122 is integrated with the hardware and software control system utilized by the Yuneec H520 sUAS.\nPrecise Flig", "Hi!! I am Raksha\nBorn and brought up in jabalpur (MP) along with traditional as well as moderate cultural values.\nCompleted my Masters degree in Computer Application.I am software Professional...\nMy name is swetal pimpalkar. I have completed my MBA. On talking few words About myself that i am simple,and caring,fun loving and also straight forward. My expectation About partner that h...\nHI I am sheetal and basically from Akola (MH) Now I am with my family in Pune. I am doing job in Insurance Company. I am very emotional person and always honest/ trustworthy with myself and everyone e...\nHello. Thanks for visiting my profile...\nMy name is maahi i am living in pune i have doing beautician course. i belong to Raigad.\nmy hobbies are dancing, swimming & watching new film lessening...\nMy name is Shital Rewale. I am currently working as a Medical / Healthcare Professional (Others). My friends describe me as confident. My hobbies/interests include music, Photography,...\nMy daughter name is Manisha. She is believe in simplicity, she is working as Jr. Animation artist in Hyderabad. Ours is traditional and modern family. She is friendly, caring and helping in na...\nHi, I had made my profile on Shaadi.com and being on the website for over a year did spoke to few people.\nOne day, I suddenly got a call from Deepak, who\\'s interest was accepted by me. We had conversations over telephone and email. We got connec... Read more\nAmit & Shantal\nHi I met a wonderfull girl, she is my everything her name is Shantal She is a wonderfull girl she is my heart beat my Life and the girl I was looking for I found everything in Her which I havent found so far in any girl I Love her I visited her count... Read more\nStana & Amber\nOct. 1, 2005 was our first contact with each other when I sent a request to Amber to have a look at my profile. She says that my profile lit a spark in her. We both knew what we were looking for and from the info. on our profiles,... Re", "What do shipping charges depend on for the product delivery", "What does the ARTwow! website offer", "What television program was talked about in the context of Pearl's career and exciting developments", "RailsCasts Pro episodes are now free!\nLearn more or hide this\nGitHub User: sergeyki\nI think you define products as following:\n@products = Product.all\n@products.class #---> Array\nbut when", "p://art-wow.com/Lessons/frames/frameFace.html\">(Face Tutorial with Frames)</A>\nThis is the home page with tons of info.\n<A HREF=\"http://art-wow.com/\">ARTwow! Learn to Draw and Paint - Complete Tutorials!</A>\nWhere has the summer gone", "Where did Jeanne and Neil Bennett's travels in Italy begin", "What type of worksheets are mentioned for teaching editing and writing across different grade levels", "you fetch data by calling order():\n@products = Product.order(:name)\n@products.class #---> ActiveRecord::Relation\nin this case you do not have to call Product twice, like Product.to_csv.", "What concerns influenced M'sister's decision to order a stair-lift for their mother", "What priority should individuals in an organization have regarding finding and keeping good people", "t opens.\n- 10:46 AM Tony: a tool for melody transcription Bug #1444 (New): crash when using USB audio device\n- When I use a USB audio device (headset) and set input or output to that in preferences, Tony crashes upon\n- 02:16 PM Tony: a tool for melody transcription Bug #1443 (New): enable opening of Tony session files\n- I'm currently not able to choose a .ton file for opening in Tony \u2014 I think that used to be possible.\nDrag and drop i...\n- 09:12 AM Tony: a tool for melody transcription Bug #1440: Tony 2.0 for Mac\n- Luwei Yang wrote:\n> Thank you Matthias.\nAll thanks due to Luwei and Chris :)\n- 09:03 AM Tony: a tool for melody transcription Bug #1440 (Resolved): Tony 2.0 for Mac\n- 126.96.36.199 works fine for me!\n- 08:56 AM Tony: a tool for melody transcription Bug #1440: Tony 2.0 for Mac\n- Same here.\nJust for your info: build from default branch works fine for me.\n- 08:16 AM Tony: a tool for melody transcription Bug #1431 (Closed): recording button remains on when recording is cancelled\n- 08:11 AM Tony: a tool for melody transcription Bug #1436 (Resolved): beginning of recording corrupted\n- I notice that there\u2019s a weird artefact at the beginning of a recording. Somehow a piece of the later recording appear...\n- 11:00 PM Sonic Visualiser Feature #1433 (New): enable opening of Tony session files\n- Would be great if SV could be aware of .ton files, since I found it opens them fine once they're renamed with a .sv e...\n- 03:17 PM Tony: a tool for melody transcription Feature #1432 (New): during recording: improve waveform representation\n- I have two suggestions for the waveform representation during recording:\n* choose different zoom level (~10s ?) so...\nAlso available in: Ato", "Flipboard for Android has already gone through several iterations since it first appeared on the Samsung Galaxy S III (Galaxy S3) back in May. This morning, Flipboard users are waking up to another update for the popular digital magazine app. The new version 1.9.6 of Flipboard includes improved navigation, in the form of dropdown menus when you tap on the name of the sections you're currently viewing.\nIn addition, there are some improvements to the way Google Reader feeds are handled, and in-app hints that highlight useful fe", "What is the primary purpose of Shaadi.com according to the text", "ibel case against the Daily Mail in 2012 about an article that stated the Rothschilds were \"puppet Masters\". https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/rothschild-loses-libel-case-and-reveals-secret-world-of-money-and-politics-6720015.html\n- Your Subscription\n- The_Antisemitic_Seagull", "The Hancock-Henderson Quill, Inc.\nOctober 1-15, Jeanne (Comstock) and husband Neil Bennett formerly of Iowa City and 1964 LHS graduate traveled with daughter Gwen and husband Tom Rogers to Italy. Jeanne and Neil are on the Grand Canal in Venice which was the starting point of their Italy travels. In Venice they traveled to the nearby islands of Murano, Burano,", "What complications arise for Mary due to her fianc\u00e9 James and the accomplished criminal", "What is the requirement to access the site mentioned in the text", "What must Syracuse Basketball do to improve their chances of making the NCAA Tournament according to the text", "Send us your Stromsburg photos:\n\"Swede Capital of Nebraska\"\nStromsburg is a city in Polk County.\nThe community was named for town in Sweden\nThe latitude of Stromsburg is 41.114N. The longitude is -97.598W.It is in the Central Standard time zone. Elevation is 1,677 feet.\nThe estimated population, in 2003, was 1,179.\nSections below provide additional information and links about Stromsburg demographics, travel and tourism, nearby airports, cemeteries, the Polk County economy, education, environment, genealogy, government, historic sites, libraries, maps, museums, newspapers and other media, nonprofit groups, real estate, recreation, religion, transportation, and weather in the 68666 ZIP code.\n27% of Stromsburg residents report German ancestry, and 7% report Irish. For more info on local ancestry groups, see the Stromsburg ancestry & family history guide.\nPost a query on a message board:\nRecords & databases:\nAt the time of the 2000 census, the per capi", "What strategies does the firm use to make consumers develop a long-term relationship with indulgence brands in the wine, spirits, and food categories", "What steps are involved in creating a beer can cooler powered by a solar panel", "What material is the Lumberman Hand Pipe made of", "4.75\" Lumberman Hand Pipe\nThis Red Eye Glass 4.75 Lumberman Hand Pipe is a unique throwback and is available in several different colours.\n- 100% borosilicate glass\n- 4.5\" long", "What is the main focus of niche #6 described in the text segment", "What does Lisa Tessman believe about the existence of genuine moral dilemmas", "eat filled potato pastries, they look like fingers. Ha! After breakfast I wander around the town with my list, returning often to the boat to drop things off, acquiring all kinds of items. Today was no different. My spoils included a variety of fruit, vegetables, chicken food, chicken for eating and fabrics for sewing. Overall it was a successful trip and I was able to return back home by 130 as planned after dropping off a friend of ours, who came along with me.", "Each day during the trial, frank day by day surpassed the man and not using a fingers and no legs who continually smiled and cheerfully greeted him. Gordie farrell, a wisconsin farmer, sat on the plaintiff \u2019s desk, in which his legal professionals argued that the tractor he left jogging whilst his corn picker jammed contributed to his catastrophic injuries. Day by day became in court docket to argue that his customer, navistar, maker of the tractor, owed farrell no cash. You\u2019d suppose it would be impossible for jurors to determine in opposition to a friendly guy who misplaced his limbs. You\u2019d assume that any attorney who could argue in opposition to him would be a heartless bastard, hated by way of all, particularly the plaintiff. Yet when daily proved navistar changed into now not in charge in this 1987 case, he says farrell wasn\u2019t sour. Daily cites it as one of his maximum memorable instances, specifically due to the fact he sympathized so strongly with the plaintiff: \u201ci advised the jury that it would probable be the toughest decision they would ever make and that i was glad no longer to be among them. I advised them i might want to give this guy a whole lot of cash, however they took an oath to observe the law.\u201d to win, each day certainly showed that it turned into now not navistar\u2019s fault that farrell had left out to turn off his tractor before jumping right down to clean a jam within the picker. While farrell to begin with reached into the equipment, his arm turned into stuck; while he tried to free himself, his different limbs became entangled. However due to the fact the action of the system had essentially cauterized his wounds, he changed into capable of live to tell the tale. On attraction, the verdict become affirmed towards john deere, the maker of the corn picker, and farrell turned into awarded almost $1 million, along with hobby. But the verdict clearing navistar stood \u2014 in part because of the passion day by day brings to the court docket. \u201ci\u2019ve had appellate judges inform me it's miles apparent that i in reality care,\u201d he says. \u201ci can\u2019t help the emotion, and if i feel that i haven\u2019t been handled fairly, i argue. Many appellate judges understand that if i\u2019m within the court, they\u2019ll see some hearth nowadays.\u201d each day, 64, whose client list consists of a who\u2019s who of wisconsin sports personalities (al mcguire, bud selig and bart starr), knows exactly what inspired that passion, or, extra precisely, what targeted a passion for prevailing that had already emerge as crucial to his lifestyles. Long in the past, whilst he become a university freshman, to kill a mockingbird with the aid of harper lee turned into published. Daily study it avidly, thinking if he could be the form of stand-up legal professional atticus finch turned into. The 1962 film sealed the deal. \u201catticus finch embodied the whole lot that become proper,\u201d each day says. \u201cthat book created an itch that i simply needed to scratch.\u201d first, though, he had soccer games to win. In 3 high school sports activities, and as a shielding lower back for the university of iowa soccer group, he learned \u201cyou can become buddies after the game is over, however on the sphere your duty is to inflict excessive pain.\u201d day by day\u2019s grandfather was a chicago alderman who employed the first mayor daley as a web page, and every day\u2019s values were formed in chicago\u2019s stolidly irish \u201cback of the yards\u201d (i. E., lower back of the stockyards) community, wherein cattle industry odors, permeating the 8 square blocks, were \u201ctolerated if not honestly celebrated,\u201d every day says. \u201cyou obtain used to them or even overlooked them when they weren\u2019t there.\u201d at the same time, a appreciate for policies become nurtured by way of his parents and strengthened by ruler-wielding nuns in number one faculty and his instructors at brother rice high faculty. It\u2019s this recognize for the regulations \u2014 his excessive sense of ethics \u2014 that defines him. \u201ci may also have lost some customers because i wouldn\u2019t pass over the brink [ethically], but i can\u2019t worry approximately that,\u201d he says. \u201csome people will go anywhere until they discover a \u2018medical doctor\u2019 who will inform them what they want to pay attention.\u201d every day refuses to be that health practitioner. \u201cthere may be as a minimum one possibility to be unethical in every case,\u201d says plaintiff \u2019s lawyer patrick dunphy, of cannon & dunphy in brookfield. \u201cit\u2019s been very clear in all my dealings with frank that he plays by the guidelines. I realize every time i meet [him] in court docket that it\u2019s going to be a conflict royal \u2014 he\u2019s talented, full of life and properly spoken. I\u2019m going to return the favor, of path, but i\u2019m assured he\u2019s committed to being a actual professional.\u201d each day\u2019s paintings is likewise informed via his heritage in journalism. In 1964, after graduating with a bachelor\u2019s diploma in journalism from marquette college in milwaukee, where he transferred after a sports activities-career-ending soccer damage, he landed on the chicago tribune. There he practiced the who, what, in which, when, why and how of reporting, and wrote stories that moved human beings. He became those skills to his gain as an ordeal attorney. However he hated goal journalism: \u201ci constantly wanted to argue a facet,\u201d he says. Every other american icon besides atticus finch helped push every day into the law. Former u. S. Attorney fashionable bobby kennedy, then a u. S. Senator from big apple, and the speaker at every day\u2019s marquette commencement, replied a letter daily mailed him in 1965 asking whether or not a felony career changed into right for him. Kennedy wrote, \u201ci realize only a few attorneys who can write and fewer writers who recognize the regulation.\u201d every day took it as a signal and back to marquette \u2014 the most effective school that provided him a scholarship \u2014 to have a look at law. He and his wife, julianna ebert, a bond legal professional who is additionally listed in 2006 wisconsin great attorneys, have lately back the desire by using organising a scholarship on the college of alabama with their friend and consumer, inexperienced bay packers legend bart starr, whom every day met 30 years in the past via a high college classmate. In 1968, proper out of law college, each day joined quarles & brady, already one in all milwaukee\u2019s biggest law corporations, which now numbers greater than four hundred legal professionals in five towns. Assigned to corporate cases that didn\u2019t excite him, he looked round for other demanding situations. He observed courts had been beginning to revisit the belief that businesses had to be actively negligent to be held in charge in product lawsuits. Through the eighties, country courts could extensively undertake strict legal responsibility as the usual for awards, which might open the floodgates for proceedings. Now not could product legal responsibility be the sleepy province of insurance agency attorneys. However each day got there earlier than the herd, founding quarles\u2019 product liability protection practice in 1976. At the time, each day pledged to combat court cases against patron businesses in something kingdom they have been delivered, and he\u2019s made properly on that pledge. He has tried cases in greater than 1/2 the states of the unio", "According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Klebsiella pneumoniae is a gram-negative bacterium that is commonly found in the human digestive system. Though it lives harmlessly in human intestines, Klebsiella is capable of causing serious illnesses like pneumonia, infections in the blood and wound infections. Klebsiella also proves a common cause of urinary tract infections. Like many bacteria, Klebsiella has become resistant to some common antibiotic treatments.\nCarbapenem-resistant Klebsiella pneumoniae\nThe CDC says that some Klebsiella strains have become resistant to carbapenem antibiotics, meaning these antibiotics won't work to kill the bacteria. Carbapenems are related to penicillin and often the last line of defense when someone has an infection. Bacteria resistant to carbapenems can become dangerous because other antibiotic options may not prove available for patients requiring treatment.\nThe University of California San Diego School of Medicine lists cephalosporin-type antibiotics as an option against Klebsiella. Third-generation cephalosporins are newer medications and often given by injection. Ceftriaxone--Rocephin, ceftazadime--Fortaz and cefepime--Maxipime, are examples of third-generation cephalosporins. Dr. James Rahal, in a 1998 Journal of the American Medical Association article, reports Klebsiella strains had become resistant to these antibiotics at that time as well.\nAminoglycosides like amikacin, tobramycin and gentamicin also treat Klebsiella infec", "ad more\nProsenjit & Disha\nThank you so much our Dear MATCH MAKER SHAADI.COM for bringing us together \"Beyond that silver lining of clouds, Beyond that twinkling of million stars, Beyond that golden warm sun, There is some... Read more\nAstha & Prashant\nDear Pooja, I've been a member of Shaadi.com for almost a year now and my profile id is prashantgarg. I'm very happy to inform you that with the help of shaadi.com I met my better half and got married on the 10th of January. Read more\nNandani & Rajeev\nDear Shaadi.com Team, I would like to thank the entire Shaadi Team for helping me find my soul mate and life partner. I registered on this wonderful site and I met my wife Dr.Nandini Roy who responded to my profile. We met immediately and d... Read more\nSonal & Narendra\nDear Shaadi.com Team, It was on this valentine's day i.e 14 th feb 2002 i met him thru Shaadi.com and his i.d was ndogra After we both liked eachother and chatted on the net. We met and told our parents .Rest was all decided by them and both of us ar... Read more\nAnita & Hemant\nTo Dear Mamata.., Thanx a lot for such a quick reply..and about all services you provided for finding me a perfect lifepartner.We both are very thankful to shaadi.com team(previously sagaai.com).I am sending one photo of my and Anita's enga... Read more\nKomal & Sunil\nDear Mamta, Thanks a lot for your congratulations and all the services you provided for finding me a perfect lifepartner. We both are very thankful to Shaadi.com team. I am sending a few photos of our engagement. Read more\nShaadi.com, the largest and most trusted site among Kunbi brides with millions of\nprofiles, is one of India's best known brands and the world's largest matrimonial service. It was founded with a simple objective - to help people find happiness. By redefining the way Kunbi brides and grooms meet for marriage, Shaadi.com has created a world-renowned service that has touched over 20 million people. Learn moreIndia |"]}