{"q_indices": [2, 41, 24, 108, 36, 119, 69, 51, 29, 60, 40, 71, 120, 45, 77, 78, 15, 37, 30, 6, 43, 65, 12, 42, 64, 25, 99, 90, 26, 55, 83, 49, 121, 9, 126, 16, 38, 59, 20, 96, 31, 28, 127, 80, 3, 19, 87, 105, 48, 44, 88, 92, 106, 73, 93, 23, 91, 104, 18, 89, 56, 112, 118, 50], "a_indices": [113, 68, 13, 7, 54, 17, 98, 124, 86, 52, 84, 79, 22, 100, 81, 82, 46, 27, 57, 102, 76, 72, 74, 103, 101, 117, 11, 110, 75, 107, 66, 34, 97, 4, 122, 14, 94, 58, 8, 61, 53, 115, 116, 47, 62, 35, 63, 123, 0, 32, 114, 70, 95, 111, 10, 33, 85, 125, 39, 67, 21, 1, 5, 109], "texts": ["\u00abThe National Travel Agency Intourist\u00bb has once again become a strategic sponsor of the annual autumn travel exhibition Otdykh/\nAfter integration with the major European tour operator Thomas Cook it will be the first performance of \u00abNTA Intourist\u00bb in this new for the company role.\nThus, the current travel forum will be an excellent place to discuss the details of cooperation with top managers and heads of the company and also to get advice from our leading specialists.\nA new directi", "be going to see them again.\nRecent review: \"Thank you for yesterday Damian, you were fantastic!! Everybody loved you and you got people up dancing, laughing and singing. You made the day and made the wedding a rememberable and special one. Thank you :-) Warm regards\"\nAbout: This fantastic band (also known as \"The Headliners\") delivers over two hours of the funkiest hits: from 60s soul and rock 'n' roll to 70s disco; from classic rock and 80s pop to the latest hits and everything in between, in a spectacular live stage performance. Formed in 2001, Superphonic have ga\nAbout: This is a sixties Soul Band called 'The All Night Workers'. The Masters of Memphis Soul! They are a nine piece soul band (three brass) formed in 1966 who played many London clubs and venues around the country, supporting acts like Jimi Hendrix, Geno Washington, Edwin Starr etc. These days they ca\nAbout: Beatles tribute band the counterfeit Beatles London based,avilable for corporate hire perform globally, Japan, India, Thailand, South Korea, tel 07715131556 email email@example.com www.counterfeitbeatles.com\nAbout: Crocodile Mock is an amazing 8-piece band recreating the authentic sound of Sir Elton John, performing classics such as Sacrifice, Your Song and I Guess That's Why They Call It the Blues, to name a few! A tribute with a difference, this show isn't just about impersonating Sir Elton John, It's a show\nAbout: Babette\u2019s passion for the performing arts began at an early age when she was inspired by her father\u2019s career as a cabaret agent and entertainer. She began singing around the home and went on to have private singing lessons at school. That was it she had caught the performing bug and decided to pursu\nAbout: The Rhythm and Blues Brothers are a nine-piece Rhythm and Blues band with a dedication to paying tribute to perhaps the best showband of all time; The Blues Brothers. So much music these days is pre-programmed, electronic, plucked from the bowels of a computer by a software programmer and fed thr\nAbout: The Swinging Retros is a 60s covers band, based in north west London. The band is made up of 6 members - 2 vocalists (1 female/1 male), lead guitarist and keyboard player, rhythm guitarist (also does vocals), bass player and drummer. We have performed at all kinds of functions/venues over the years,\nAbout: The Headliners is one of the UK's leading party bands, providing world-class live music entertainment for corporate events, wedding receptions, military functions and much more. We're proud to feature some of the country's most talented session musicians and singers, and have gained a reputation", "What is a tip for enhancing the nutritional value of the kale and potato soup", "What allegations did appellants Earnest Napier and Dwight Coomer make against the defendants in their complaint under 42 U.S.C. Sec. 1983", "k enamel paint designed for painting subframes, chassis, radiators, springs, axels and other automotive components that are normally finished in satin black.\nSeptone Contact Adhesive is used to permanently contact bond a wide range of surfaces.\n\u00a9 2022 Cleaners Supermarket Pty Ltd. All Rights ReservedThe Extra Ordinary Cleaning Supplies Shop in NSW Australia Since 200", "With Christmas fast approaching, we've modified our Friday Raffles\nto assist you in getting \"Christmas Organised\"\nFriday Christmas Raffles commence Friday 3 November until and including Friday 22 December 2017\nPrizes drawn at 6.30pm with tickets on sale from 5.30pm.\nThere's $600 worth of vouchers to be won including Wish Gift Cards, Coles Myer", "What colors are featured in the colorway for the Deft glove from Brine", "ates natural lighting. Better still, after using these for literally years at this point, I\u2019ve stopped noticing any difference. If anything, I tend to notice that skin tones look more natural and less washed out on brighter televisions. As a cherry on top, they also block 100% of UV rays, and without using polarization, which would otherwise show you every time a screen refreshes.\nOne of the things I loved most about these glasses that continues to be true today is that they are exceedingly lightweight. It\u2019s easy to forget that you are wearing them. Instead of straight arms, the Gunnar Scopes I\u2019m wearing have a slight curve to them, attaching with a hinge design with no screws or fasteners. Again, I have a comparator to say that this fastener style will last at least four years, and likely well beyond as my older pair of Gunnar glasses are showing no signs of wear, despite daily use. In terms of balance, the weight of the glasses is centered roughly a quarter of an inch past the hinge points, meaning they are not heaviest at the lens. This is why they tend to stay in place as they aren\u2019t \u2018front heavy\u2019. To help them stay put, there are also the usual adjustable silicone nose pads to rest on the bridge of your nose.\nBeyond their continued technical innovations, Gunnar has been listening to their fans. They\u2019ve heard people\u2019s requests for more customization, and that\u2019s appeared with a strategic partnership with Blizzard. With firm pressure, you can slide the sockets (the pieces on the arms that sit against your head) off of the glasses, allowing you to attach a number of cool designs. These temple sleeves feature such iconic characters as Kerrigan, Diablo, Tyrael, Valla, Azmodan, Nova, Zeratul, and other characters from Blizzard\u2019s Heroes of the Storm game.\nI mentioned the black protective bag containing the new Gunnars, but I also need to take a look back to 2014. The previous set shipped with a pearl white bag that, after almost four years of use, looks fairly disgusting. The new black bag should look better after extended use, but its white colored predecessor provided a good longitudinal study on its protective abilities. After over 1000 days of use and faithful storage inside the bag, my 2014 Gunnars don\u2019t have a single scratch or blemish on them. Black, white \u2014 both will keep your glasses safe for a very long time.\nIf you are a prescription glasses user, then you are in luck. During the checkout process, you can upload your current prescription and load up prescription glasses into your Gunnars. While you can select crystaline (those only block 10% of blue light), the better option is the amber tint, which will transform your daily use glasses into something light, fashionable, and healthier for your eyes.\nRegardless of whether or not you are a prescription user or not, all Gunnars carry a one year warranty. Non-prescription glasses also support a 30 day swap-it guarantee if you find that you don\u2019t like the look and feel of what you\u2019ve picked up.\nGunnar Optiks Scope glasses\nWith reduced prices, more customization options, and a continued devotion to comfortable high-tech blue light reduction, the Gunnar Scope glasses are the perfect blend of technology and comfort.", "|\u00ab Back to Article|\nTexas distilleries in high spirits\nLocals see rapid growth and expanded offerings\nBy Jennifer McInnis : April 18, 2013 : Updated: April 20, 2013 11:46am\nPhoto By Courtesy photos\nFrom left: Dripping Springs Vodka is unveiling a new label and has increased production by 20 percent in the past year; Ranger Creek Brewing & Distilling in San Antonio recently released Rimfire whiskey in its small-caliber series; and Balcones Distilling in Waco has seven spirits in its lineup.\nAustin's Treaty Oak Distilling released Waterloo Gin.\nSan Antonio distillers\nCinco Vodka: www.cincovodka. com\nDorcol Distilling Co. (no website)\nRanger Creek Brewing & Distilling: www.drinkrangercreek. com\nRebecca Creek Distillery: www.rebeccacreekwhiskey.com\nSpike Distilling: www.spike vodka.com\nTexas was late to the craft distilling party, but it's quickly catching up to other states.\nSixteen years ago, Tito's Handmade Vodka paved the way as the first legal Texas distillery. Now, there are 45 distilling permits registered with the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission, although not all of them are producing. The market has grown rapidly, and some have risen above the rest. Not only has the number of distilleries increased, but the variety of products they are making continues to expand. Here is a roundup, in alphabetical order, of updates and trend-setting distillers and some of their new products.\nBalcones Distilling Any discussion about the future of Texas distilling should start with Chip Tate's Balcones Distilling in Waco. It opened five years ago with Balcones Rumble distilled from honey, mission figs and turbinado sugar; and Baby Blue, a whiskey made from Hopi blue corn meal. The expanded lineup includes Balcones Single Malt Whiskey, Balcones True Blue Cask Strength, Balcones Brimstone, True Blue 100 Proof and Rumble Cask Reserve. Among its more than 40 awards, the distillery was named 2012 Craft Whiskey Distillery of the Year among Whisky Magazine's Icons of Whisky, and 2012 Global Distillery of the Year and U.S. Craft Distillery of the Year at the Wizards of Whisky International Competition.\nBanner Distilling Co. in New Sweden was granted its permit on April 4. Co-founders Logan Simpson and Tony Jimenez have spent years in the tech industry but wanted a change of pace. \u201cI really have this need, desire to make a product that people can hold and touch and enjoy,\u201d Simpson says. He plans to use local ingredients, including grains grown by farmers within the county. Simpson wouldn't reveal much more b", "What is the primary use of the enamel paint mentioned in the text", "Twister is really a five reel free On line casino slots activity that includes cartoon goods Which may be thrown around throughout an actual tornado. You will discover seem and light effects, like thunder and lightning which makes this a singular journey. Wild symbols, bonus spins, and also a bonus spherical it is possible to activate insert to your enjoyment.\nAdventure Palace capabilities 5 reels and 9 paylines and proves that not all slots are precisely the same. What's more, it functions scatter symbols and wild symbols.\nLadies with Guns Frozen Dawn is a more encouraging free on the net slots activity with 5 reels and 243 tips on how to gain. You will get stacked wilds, and bonus games. The game contains a snowy mountain theme. The least wager is 1 cent for each payline that has a most of five cents.\nNo. they could use any compatible smartphone to access the phrases with friends application. Sure, employing most apps requires a information system and internet connection,.\nPlus the legendary Cleopatra slot with five-reels and twenty paylines dedicated to the Egypt topic. The 3rd favourite free slots recreation is Wheel of Fortune designed by IGT which offers a trustworthy sport with by far the most valuable problems with about 10 free spins for newbies. 6 and Seven Reels. These get a little bit more intricate than the aforementioned three and 5 reel online video slots. For instance, We'll use an ordinary six reel favored that may be broadly commonplace on the net \u2013 Zeus III. You will find 6 reels, and each reel has two rows. They improve by two every one of the way up on the sixth. Hence, reel a single has two rows and reel 6 has seven \u2013 which blended, offers the gamer with 192 probable tips on how to earn.\nSearch for two files in your desktop that contains the name on the free video game you merely downloaded from the world wide web. Delete the \".html\" file and only keep the \"_files\" Model.\nRevenue Mad Monkey is really a jungle themed on line slots machine in our free On line casino games selection. In Income Mad Monkey, you'll find five reels, 50 lines and jungle themed slot symbols for instance a banana, palm trees and The cash Mad Monkey logo. The banana is the best get and spending out one thousand cash.\nGet together Time is a three-reel slot machine video Check This Out game that heavily functions bash themes. The theme carries across each background graphics together with the photos utilized to the reels by themselves.\nThe games showcased here are wholly free to Perform. No genuine cash wagering can take place in these video games. Players are provided a starting equilibrium for every activity of between 1000 up to 1 million in credits. The credits are great for 1 session of gaming. Need to a participant run outside of credits, simply refresh the sport as well as stability", "Table of Contents\nNon-ventilatory functions of the lung- influence on the cardiovascular system By Elizabeth J. McCarthy, CRNA, BSNPeter H. Abbrecht, PhD, MD\nThe lungs have been shown to have a valuable ability to remove certain vasoactive substances from the pulmonary blood; how this ability can be altered in some disease states and influenced by drug treatment is described.Print version:\nControlled deliberate hypotension: An overview By Frederick C. Hill, Jr., CRNA, LT, NC, USNR\nThe author provides the reader with an overview of the agents, methods, and monitoring required for controlled deliberate", "What health concern led to a nationwide recall of Parkers Farms products", "I\u2019ve been a Gunnar devotee since I first laid eyes on them in 2014. As I said in my review at that time, their lightweight frames and blue light-blocking technologies made my eyes feel better after long gaming sessions. The only real hitch was that the prices were a little high. Fast forward to the holiday season of 2017 and we thought we might take a quick look at Gunnar\u2019s new Gaming line and see if they could deliver the same excellent results at a price less than the cost of a new game.\nAs I unpacked the Gunnar Optik lenses I was again shocked at just how light they are, but a quick stop at my small scale showed that this pair weighs in at 0.8oz \u2014 the same amount as its more expensive brother from 2014. For comparison, my cheap plastic shooting glasses are 1.8 oz. Inside the box is a black Gunnar-branded black bag that doubles as a cleaning surface, complete with fashionable red drawstrings.\nAfter my review a few years ago, I started really looking into the questions I couldn\u2019t answer at that time. I knew that the Gunnars helped with my migraines, but I didn\u2019t understand why. The engineer in me demanded that I dig in and not simply accept it at face value. Learning a great deal about blue light and its effect on the human body beyond simple eye strain was, to use the cliche, eye opening.\nHEV blue light, at the 450nm wavelength, is rough on the recipient in several ways. Unfortunately, the sources of this are literally everywhere. TVs, computers, laptops, tablets, smart phones, fluorescent and LED lighting, and even the sun drive blue light of varying wavelengths towards our eyes, and sustained prolonged exposure can cause headaches, eye strain, fatigue, and worse. To put it in perspective, at specific wavelengths, blue light is used to treat the skin, reducing acne and clearing up oily skin. If it\u2019s good enough to give the skin a good healthy crisp, it\u2019s not great for your eyes.\nIn 2016, the Vision Council did a comprehensive study on the long term effects of blue light, as well as making suggestions on how people can reduce their exposure. Their study found that digital eye strain affects people of all ages, with 87.7% of ages 18-39, 82.6% of ages 40-59, and 76.3% of people ages 60 and above being affected by digital eye strain. They assert that we should be all following the 20-20-20 rule, taking a 20-second break from the screen every 20 minutes and looking at something 20 feet away. They also suggest reducing overhead lighting, and positioning ourselves at arms distance from our screens for proper computer use. Sadly, we often don\u2019t have control over our work space, and when gaming it\u2019s very easy to forget the time. That\u2019s where Gunnar comes in.\nGunnar Optik glasses feature a patented, doctor-recommended, lens technology that is proven to reduce 65% of incoming HEV blue light from the various sources I mentioned above. Comparatively, despite my best attempts, I was unable to find any contemporary that would go any higher than 30%, including Crizal and Blutech \u2013 two of the leaders in the industry. Better yet, it does this without distorting the image, even at the edges. The only thing you\u2019ll notice is the slight yellow tint of the lense, which closely approxim", "ection: Kirstie Carver collects Hummel figurines. Her goal in life is to design one that looks like her son.\n- Ludicrous Gibs: When one character gets shot by the Regulators, she's described as simply disappearing, and then a second later a rain of blood falls to the ground.\n- Mauve Shirt: A character is introduced and given a rather full backstory, such as the fact that she's on her way back from cheating on her husband, and how she realizes she's not wearing any underwear, while she's in the act of dying. This is done to the point that she even believes that her husband and the neighbors, who are gathered after the death of the paper boy have figured out she is cheating are there to confront her moments before she is killed.\n- Missing Episode: This was marketed as a lost Bachmann book...that just happens to have many of the same characters as a story Stephen King just wrote, in an Alternate Universe.\n- Nightmare Fuel Coloring Book: Seth draws pictures of the drive-by shooting in which his entire family was killed. The pictures are actually included in the text.\n- Open Heart Dentistry: Subverted. Marielle Soderson's arm is torn off by a gunshot. Tom Billingsley, a vet, tries to treat her, but she soon dies. Billingsley remarks that she needed a trauma unit, not \"an old veterinarian with shaky hands\".\n- The Rainman: Seth.\n- Reality Warper: Tak.\n- Scrapbook Story: Interwoven with the narrative are diary entries from Audrey detailing her life with Seth and Tak's growing influence, as well as newspaper clippings, letters, pages from books, and Seth's drawings.\n- Sibling Switch Squick: Thanks to the alternate universe, the Carver family from one version of the story reverts who are siblings and who is married. In other words, David and Kirsten/Pie would be brother and sister in Desperation, and their parents Ellen and Ralph, but in The Regulators, they're married, with Ellen and Ralph as their children.\n- Stepford Suburbia: Stephen King spends the first 5 or 6 pages of the novel practically gushing over Poplar Street's all-American normalness with narration so upbeat it's almost manic. And then everything goes straight to hell, in typical King style.\n- Trash of the Titans: The Wyler/Garin household; Seth/Tak doesn't care what the place is like, and his aunt/guardian Audrey, the only surviving adult in the household, has much bigger problems occupying her time and energy. As a result, the place is a huge mess.\n- What Could Have Been: Was originally a script that King wrote for Sam Peckinpah.\n- Your Head Asplode: The result of Tak's failed attempt to possess Cammie.", "What are the benefits of the Bacchus Marsh Indoor Aquatic Centre project as mentioned by Catherine King", "What is Kirstie Carver's goal in life regarding her Hummel figurine collection", "hers know, Adaa will play a savvy cutting edge lady in the story who will affect Naina (Drashti Dhami). Vineet will play her attractive, smooth, supporting spouse.\nShared a source, \u201cAdaa and Vineet will play an adoring couple who will meet Naina, and how this experience will change Naina\u2019s life will be for watchers to see.\u201d\nAppears as though it will be an excess of fun in Pardes Mein Hai Mera Dil soon", "Why did Christine Timbrell take the Department of Work and Pensions to court", "What claims did the appellants raise in their complaint that were ultimately dismissed by the district court", "What distinguishes Balcones Distilling in Waco among Texas distilleries", "Hire 60s Band in Essex\nRecent review: Absolutely brilliant, he tailored his act to catch all of my Mum\u2019s favourites. He made her feel special on her 80th Birthday, you won\u2019t be disappointed. Thank you\nRecent review: It was our 40th Wedding Aniversary and we wanted music we remember from when we first got married. It was a delight to find such a young band playing our music so well. We loved it \u2013 thank you!\nRecent review: An absolutely brilliant afternoon, you girls made the day. Thankyou so much for singing Crazy, my mum's favourite song. It was beautiful.\nRecent review: A brilliant vocal trio with a fantastic sound and brilliant dance moves. The Lollipops are incredibly professional and wonderful to work with. I very much look forward to working with them again soon.\nRecent review: \"We booked Daniel as my wife is an Elvis nut so I have seen many Tribute acts. Daniel was by far the best we have seen, his interaction with all our friends and family was top class and even the party music he played between his acts was really working the audience so much that everyone was dancing\nRecent review: Leah was not well but Andy and Dave did not let us down ,it was a great evening lots of lovely comments from our party guest . would have them again.\nRecent review: Brilliant, I've seen some concerts before in my time, but nothing like The Runaways who are a great bunch of guys, and one of the best tribute acts by a mile even beating the concerts that I've seen to date. so I would highly recommend them for anybody to go and see, if they came to an area near you\nRecent review: Chrissie was fabulous. She arrived at the venue in good time, discreetly put her equipment in place and kept the music of 50's & 60's playing when the guests were eating making the whole afternoon and evening flow smoothly. I asked for and got the entertainment I requested and she sang very well, ma\nRecent review: Having been an avid fan of rock n\u2019roll music for three decades, it was essential that I found a really good band for our wedding. I reviewed over 100 bands over a period of several months and Sound of the Suburb were by far the best. These gentlemen love what they do and they do what they love e\nRecent review: They were truly amazing, 21st birthday with music that was so appropriate that they danced from start to finish and knew all the words - implying some of the songs were oldies and still so popular! The guests of the 60th half of the party felt so at home. Would use them again as first choice.\nRecent review: Saw the Carnaby Army recently. Amazing band, great music, fabulous atmosphere.... Will definitely", "For the past few years, Johnson & Johnson and its affiliated company Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc. have faced a lot of criticism because of their compost Risperdal (an antipsychotic medication). There are a lot of personal injury claims coming from a lot of people who are using Risperdal. It is said that this drug has huge side effects out of which the most common is gynecomastia (situation of breast growing among men and boys).\nAlso, there is evidence that Johnson & Johnsons knew of all the risks associated with the drug but still they marketed the product. That\u2019s why they are under the pressure of paying huge fines and penalties.\nWhat is Risperdal?\nRisperdal, also known as risperidone is an antipsychotic drug which is used to treat various mental problems like schizophrenia, irritability, depression, behavioral issues, bipolar disorder, etc. Also, there are various off-label uses of Risperdal that is used to treat various problems like:\n- Mental depression\n- Personality and behavioral disorders\n- Untidy eating habits\n- Obsessive-compulsive disorder\nSide effects of Risperdal\nIt\u2019s true that Risperdal helps to treat various mental and health problems but in reality, there are various other side effects attached to it which can cause numerous problems to the person consuming Risperdal. The major risks associated with the consumption of compost Risperdal are as follows:\n- Weakness of vision\n- Stiffness of muscles\n- Dizziness and drowsiness\nAlong with the above-mentioned problems, there is one major problem associated with the Risperdal i.e. Gynecomas", "What are some features of the Untamed Wolf Pack slot game described in the text", "What technological feature of Gunnar Optik glasses reduces the harmful effects of blue light", "What can be learned from various recovery practices even if some aspects are unappealing", "What were Ronnie G. Brown Jr.'s rushing statistics during his college career at Auburn University", ". The Moorabool Council and the Bacchus Marsh Community Consortium have consulted with over 6,500 people on the range of proposals.\n\u201cThe existing outdoor pool is almost 80 years old and only available a few months each year. Today\u2019s announcement will deliver a much needed indoor pool 12 months a year.\n\u201cThis project is a great example of a community working together. The local council, Rotary Bacchus Marsh, health agencies, police, business people, schools, sporting groups, aged care, and community groups have combined to achieve this great community outcome.\u201d\nThe funding for the project is from the latest round of the Regional Development Australia Fund and is already included in the budget.\n\u201cThese projects come on top of the Rudd Labor Government\u2019s record investment in regional Australia, including the National Plan for School Improvement, the National Broadband Network and the Roads to Recovery program \u2013 all of which are helping to secure the future of regional communities.\u201d Ms King said.\nFurther information on the Regional Development Australia Fund is available at: www.regional.gov.au", "How is the performance of the Redlegs measured in relation to their past season", "What symbolizes the enthusiasm and meaning that used to exist for students at the beginning of the school year, according to the authors", "What is the new design feature of the Boston Cannons gloves by Brine", "How did Shin-Soo Choo perform in the game mentioned in the recap", "on \u2014 the United Arab Emirates \u2014 will be presented during the exhibition. This year the assortment of hotels was expended in all our catalogues and new excursions, ski and recreational programs were created all around the world.\nAlso, \u00abNTA Intourist\u00bb will present their traditional winter destinations: Egypt, Thailand, India, Italy, Vietnam, Dominican Republic, Spain (continental), Spain (island), Andorra, Austria, Bulgaria, Latvia, Czech Republic, Tunisia, Portugal, Russia.19.09.2011", "will probably be replenished to the starting total.\nUntamed Wolf Pack is really a slot game that capabilities 5 reels and 243 tips on how to gain. You can get to gather wild wolves. Each time you strike a Wild symbol, you have to gather it. As soon as you collect more than enough Wilds, then your reel will turn into wild.\nIt may even be good to get started with slots, that have bonus rounds. In this case, you can acquire a lot more and find out that it is achievable to gain income in on the net slots.\nHello, im utilizing my samsung galaxy ace to attach my xbox to the web but After i Perform games my nat is stringent and limits my activity Participate in. enable?\nThe entire bonuses are predetermined because of the developers\u2019 rules. Their functions are as assorted as The proportion of strategies to bring about them. For a more extensive and consumer-helpful practical experience, We've got offered explanations down below of every one of our obtainable free on the net slots without any obtain to Perform with lots of bonus functions. Reward Rounds. This contains taking pictures or revealing predetermined concealed objects. Bettors like these distinguishing qualities; since at the time they set off them, it is largely guaranteed that they're going to land on a good reward without wasting any funds. These particularities also can involve Retriggering: Launching another free \u201cBonus Round\u201d or \u201cFree Spin\u201d when attained once again while the bonus is enacted. Along with the Spinning Prize Wheel: This utilizes the outdated prize wheel to get various differing quantities from tiny to large. The participant spins the wheel and hopes that they land on the top prize shown. Free Spins. These Value-free turns can pay Based on your stake. Concerning the free On line casino\u2019s slot devices, the display may possibly glance the same as the regular gameplay, but occasionally, the colors or some new symbols\u2019 may be included.\nWithin this segment you may familiarize you with one of the most important components of the interface that may be placed on each individual slot device: Reels. A few Reels. 3 reel movie slots incorporate set up online names like Double Diamond which has a single payline, and Triple Diamond which features 9 traces. Those who appreciate a few-reel devices generally accomplish that thanks to their simplicity, moreover their straightforward concentrate of anticipation as the third reel falls speedily after the primary - presenting its end result with out delay. 5 Reels. These varieties might have approximately fifty paylines along with a large number of possible winning combinations. That is a major inequality inside a gameplay, when compared with the previous 3 reel types. Popular five reel types are The Mega Moolah which has 30 betting lines, and likewise Spin or Reels at twenty paylines", "for freshness and opportunity that a new direction can bring? If you\u2019ve already had positive experiences with change, you will know: I can do that, it\u2019s fun, that\u2019s what I want. If you don\u2019t have this access because you haven\u2019t left your routine, it\u2019s harder for you. The suggestion here is to start small. In other words, change less existential things in life to see what it feels like. For example, cut coffee out of everyday life. Ride your bike wherever you take your car. Get to know new people, even if you might be afraid of it usually. The more you dare and win, the better it sets you up for bigger changes in your life.\nShow yourself willing to learn\nLearning doesn\u2019t stop after school or university these days, we are constantly learning. This is an attitude that Baloise promotes. In your application, show us that you are open to new ideas and that you are interested in the trends of the time. What experiences have you had, for example, in the course of digitalisation? Note some of your mistakes, learnings and/or successes. It\u2019s about your proactive handling of new topics as well as the recruiter\u2019s feeling that you can master challenges. When formulating your application, be careful not to give the impression that you still have to learn certain things, instead, show us that you are curious and still feel the urge to develop yourself further.\nSmall self-confidence kick at the end\nThe fact is, we\u2019re experiencing an employees\u2019 market. This means that too many companies are courting too few skilled workers. As a senior employee you have acquired valuable soft skills, such as know-how. The current situation on the job market means that employers can\u2019t do without you \u2013 ultimately in the sense of diversity in team structures too. More and more managers are recognizing this value", "9 F.2d 155 (6th Cir.1983), cert. denied, 469 U.S. 826 (1984); Dunn v. State of Tennessee, 697 F.2d 121 (6th Cir.1982), cert. denied, 460 U.S. 1086 (1983).\nApplication of the above standard to the three distinct claims raised by appellants indicates that the district court did not err in dismissing the complaint. First, there was no error in the dismissal of appellants' claim that appellees had conspired to achieve their being falsely charged with a disciplinary infraction. In this regard, the complaint on its face demonstrates that the alleged conspiracy never achieved that end and that appellants were only threatened with a violation of their rights. A mere threat to a person's enjoyment of a protected interest, however, will not give rise to a cause of action under 42 U.S.C. Sec. 1983. Macko v. Byron, 760 F.2d 95 (6th Cir.1985).\nLikewise, appellants may not recover upon their claim that they were the object of random searches as inmates in a penal institution generally have no privacy interest of sufficient magnitude to implicate fourth amendment protections against unreasonable searches. Hudson v. Palmer, 468 U.S. 527, 529-30 (1981).\nFinally, as to their claim that they were improperly placed in administrative confinement for a period of three days, it must be observed that prison authorities generally are afforded wide deference in their conduct of internal institutional affairs such as the classification of inmates. Accordingly, courts will not interfere in such matters absent a showing that the action complained of was taken in derogation of a state statute, regulation or policy that has created a protectible liberty interest on behalf of the inmates. Hewitt v. Helms, 459 U.S. 460 (1983). Examination of the complaint indicates that appellants did not allege that their placement in administrative segregation was achieved in violation of such a specific liberty interest. Accordingly, appellants failed to state a colorable claim in this regard and the district court properly granted appellees' motion to dismiss pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6), Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure.\nTherefore, the motion for appointment of counsel is hereby denied and the district court's final order entered September 19, 1986, is affirmed. Rule 9(b)(5), Rules of the Sixth Circuit.", "What role will Vineet Raina be taking on in the show Pardes Mein Hai Mera Dil", "What type of pool will the current project deliver and how often will it be available to the community", "What did the author discuss while sitting down with Doug Hill from Gilder Press", "A trans woman who refused to divorce her wife has won the right to get her pension backdated.\nChristine Timbrell, 69, transitioned in 2000 but is not legally recognised as a woman because she will not divorce her wife of 43 years, Joy.\nUnder the Gender Recognition Act 2004, trans people must dissolve or annul their marriages to be recognised in their new gender.\nShe took the Department of Work and Pensions to court because it refused to backdate her pension to the age of 60.\nCurrently, the retirement age is 60 for women and 65 for men, although the retirement age for women is gradually being brought up to 65.\nLord Justice Aikens, giving the ruling of the three judges at the Appeal Court, said there was a total lack of legal framework in English law to recognise gender change and that barring Ms Timbrell from her pension was discrimination.\nHe ru", "What is the name and location of the new trash facility that the V.I. Waste Management Authority will soon open", "What is a tip for adjusting the thickness of the soup when serving", "What measures has the U.S. Senate taken regarding USDA meat inspectors and meat processing plants", "What recent activities did Hilary Swank and her brother participate in while visiting Piedmont, Italy", "What destinations will 'NTA Intourist' present at the exhibition", "What are the reasons why people are filing lawsuits against Johnson & Johnson regarding Risperdal", "The Rudd Labor Government today announced $7 million towards the Bacchus Marsh Indoor Aquatic Centre, building on its record of support for strong, prosperous regional and local communities.\nThe Minister for Regional Australia and Member for Ballarat, Catherine King, said this project would deliver great benefits to the community, and help build a stronger future.\n\u201cFederal Labor is serious about investing in regional and local communities and helping them to meet future challenges and opportunities,\u201d Ms King said.\nMs King said funding for the Bacchus Marsh Indoor Aquatic Centre is a well-deserved win for the community and will provide for a new 25 metre 8 lane pool, a learn-to-swim pool, entry and kiosk, administration facilities and change rooms.\n\u201cFamilies across Bacchus Marsh will benefit enormously from this new indoor pool, particularly through expanded recreational options which will deliver improved health and lifestyle outcomes for all in the community.\n\u201cToday\u2019s announcement comes after years of extensive consultation throughout the community about the importance of the indoor pool", "about trust and respect for the user, after the jump.\nTwo others: the New York Times description of the \"hangouts\" feature of Google's new offerings, and Jacob Kramer-Duffield's explanation of why he \"can say for certain that whatever the long-term impact of the [Google+] suite of services will be, it is in a meaningful way a complete success.\" At a minimum the service is a success is raising important questions about the webbed world. And (bonus) an interesting data point on initial user response.\nMore from Christopher Luna:\n>>And G+ is already showing us how it respects the user. When I heard about G+, I felt a looming fear about my photos. I've been a long-time Flickr (owned by Yahoo!) user, and I was worried about integrating my Flickr account into a Social Networking site owned by Google; but more than that, I was considering whether or not to switch to Picasa just for the sake of better, smoother integration.\nTry taking your photos off Flickr, though. It is an arduous process, requiring special programs built for the task (which don't run on Ubuntu to the best of my knowledge), or an unthinkable one-at-a-time download process. It's absurd. These are my photos, and I pay yearly for a Pro Account for them to be hosted on Flickr. If there's an easy way to download my photos, I don't know it.\nCompare this to G+, whose Data Liberation makes downloading everything you've uploaded (not just photos, but contacts and other information) a relatively simple task. My data with G+, even without paying Google, is my data. They give it to me freely, easily and conveniently. They invite me to take it elsewhere because they know they're the best.<<\nStandard disclaimers: I know people at all the companies under discussion. And I've known Jacob Kramer-Duffield since he went to grade school with one of my sons", "What role will the National Travel Agency Intourist perform at the annual autumn travel exhibition Otdykh for the first time after its integration with Thomas Cook", "What steps can individuals take to become more comfortable with change according to the text", "What happens when you spend $10 or more on Raffle Tickets at the Workies Club", "What are the implications of Il\u00favatar's characterization of Dwarves as his adopted children, according to Aul\u00eb's creations and qualities", "cher-student relationships scored significantly high in the zone of desired effects with an effect size of 0.72.\nBuilding relations with students implies agency, efficacy, respect by the teacher for the child brings to the class (from home, culture, peers), and allowing the experiences of the child to be recognized in the classroom. Further, developing relationships requires skill by the teacher-- such as the skills of listening, empathy, caring, and having positive regard for others\" (Hattie, 2009, p. 118).\nWhen students or adults are asked to think of teachers that had a significant impact on their life, 2 or 3 teachers typically come to mind. We may or may not be able to remember the teacher\u2019s name, the content standards mastered, or even what letter grade was earned in that class. The reasons these teachers come to mind are usually backed by comments about believing that the teacher cared, and that they believed in the person as an individual (Hattie, 2012).\nThis is a theory that not only holds true in education, but is also emerging in cross sector research. An article titled Is it Better to be Feared or Loved? published in the Harvard Business Review provided as its key argument that, \u201cDecades of sociology and psychology research show that by first focusing on displaying warmth-- and then blending in demonstrations of competence-- leaders will find a clearer path to influence\u201d (Cuddy, Kohut, & Neffinger, 2013, p. 57).\nSo basically the old adage of don\u2019t smile until Christmas ought to be thrown out the window.\nStudents are much more concerned with knowing that we care about them than the millions of facts we happen to know about science, social studies, or any other given content area. Yes, the content is important; but it is far more critical that we first show students we are their champions. We are there because we care about them. We want to be their heroes.\nIt is one thing to agree upon the fact that students need heroes and that teachers are uniquely positioned to play that role in the lives of the students they teach. Teachers have the opportunity on a daily basis to inspire their students to excel, to positively influence their attitudes and lifestyles, to connect with them on a personal level and to listen and value their ideas. But what does this actually look like when teachers foster heroes thinking in their everyday practice?\nHere are some suggested strategies for teachers looking to serve as a hero to their students:\n- Take your role as a hero seriously\n- Listen to your students\n- Give your students daily words of encouragement\n- Recognize heroes in the school community\n- Show students you respect and value them\n- Attend after school events and functions\n- Take the time to ask your students how they are doing\n- Be fair and consistent with all your students\n- Talk with your students about their hopes and dreams (Quaglia & Corso, 2014)\nThe diminishing enthusiasm in schools cannot be totally blamed on the disappearance of classic metal lunchboxes. However the symbolism is not to be missed. Yes, the chance to have your face displayed on the top of a lunchbox has passed - those days are gone. But your chance to be a hero? Far from over. That time is now.\nYou don\u2019t need special powers, just an authentic commitment to your students - a commitment to let them know you care about them as individuals, that you believe in and support them, and that you intend to spend the school year learning side-by-side with them. Let them know you are in this learning endeavor together. No cape required. Just hopes and dreams that will take you to infinity and beyond!\n- Cuddy, A., Kohut, M., and Neffinger, J. (2013). Connect, then lead. Harvard Business Review, July-August, 54-61.\n- Hattie, J. (2012). Visible learning for teachers: Maximizing impact on learning. Abingdon, UK: Routledge.\n- Hattie, J. (2009). Visible learning: A synthesis of over 800 meta-analyses relating to achievement. Abingdon, UK: Routledge.\n- Quaglia, R., and Corso, M. (2014). Student Voice: The Instrument of Change. Thousand Oaks, CA: Corwin\nThe opinions expressed in Peter DeWitt\u2019s Finding Common Ground are strictly those of the author(s) and do not reflect the opinions or endorsement of Editorial Projects in Education, or any of its publications.", "Let\u2019s recap tonight\u2019s titanic struggle\u2026.\nW: M. Leake (3-2)\nL: A. Sanabia (2-6)\n\u2013What about that Shin-Soo Choo? Choo went 4-5 with two homers, three runs scored, and two RBI. That\u2019s nine homers on the season for Choo, who\u2019s hitting .322/.465/.589. Yeah, he\u2019s good.\n\u2013Another good outing by a Reds starter: Mike Leake pitched 6.2 scoreless innings. Sean Marshall and Sam LeCure continued their good work in relief, as well.\n\u2013Joey Votto (base on balls, RBI), Brandon Phillips (double, RBI), and Jay Bruce (double) had two hits apiece. Heck, even Cesar Izturis had a double and a walk.\n\u2013So\u2026this series is going pretty well, huh? Two straight outstanding performances against th", "Vineet Raina to enter Pardes Mein Hai Mera Dil\nThe news of Adaa Khan advancing in famous day by day Pardes Mein Hai Mera Dil, has certainly got watchers energized. Furthermore, now, we have data that another skilled on-screen character is good to go to join the cast of the Star Plus\u2019 show.\nThe Balaji Telefilms cleanser will see famous performing artist Vineet Raina assuming a significant part.\nAs watc", "What achievements did Ronnie Brown have during the 2008 NFL season with the Miami Dolphins", "What type of events are the 60s band in Essex known to enhance with their music", "Brine drops a new look for the Boston Cannons on the popular Deft glove. Embroidery with clean 2 zone look gives this Deft some of the retro feel. New alternating color hits in the", "es back during the tech crash.\n- How this economic climate is different and how we\u2019re protecting our portfolios.\n- Radiation mutagenesis and why 5G isn\u2019t a health threat\u2026\n- And more!\nTo watch the video, you can simply click on the play button below.\nEnjoy! And stay tuned for the next video in this series dropping next Friday where I sit down with Doug once again\u2026\nEditor, Gilder\u2019s Daily Prophec", "What topics are discussed in the video mentioned, and when is the next video in the series scheduled to be released", "What impact can teacher-student relationships have on a student's academic experience and personal development", "ut says there are more details to come about other unique ingredients.\nDeep Eddy Vodka in Austin is known for its successful Sweet Tea Vodka that launched in 2010. Last year, the company started using 9-year-old San Antonian Bo DeWees' Bo's Bees Honey in the bottles sold here. Deep Eddy expanded into 16 markets last year, and its newest product is an instant success. The grapefruit-flavored Deep Eddy Ruby Red launched earlier this month, and Brandon Cason, vice president of marketing, says they've had to increase production to keep it on shelves.\nDorcol Distilling Co. (pronounced door-chole) is under construction at 1902 S. Flores St. Co-founders Boyan Kalusevic and Chris Mobley plan to open the distillery this summer. It will produce unaged and aged spirits, as well as small-batch seasonal expressions.\nDripping Springs Vodka has come a long way since opening in 2007 and a setback with a fire in 2009 that destroyed the original distillery. The company introduced Dripping Springs Texas Orange about two years ago and 1876 Well Vodka last year. The distillery is unveiling a new label, and it has increased production by 20 percent in the past year to expand distribution into the Midwest.\nGarrison Brothers Distillery Owner and distiller Dan Garrison only makes one spirit \u2014 bourbon \u2014 but he wants it to be the best. Garrison Brothers Texas Straight Bourbon Whiskey is produced in Hye, and it's one of the state's most sought-after spirits. Batches are released in vintages, and they quickly sell out. Garrison also released Texas Opus, a white dog whiskey, and has plans for a high-proof bourbon, Hye Rye and small releases of five, seven and 10-year reserves.\nRanger Creek Brewing & Distilling The local distiller recently released Rimfire in its small-caliber series. It's made from the same recipe as the Mesquite Smoked Porter minus the hops. The first release in the series was Ranger Creek .36 Texas Bourbon Whiskey, which earned 86 points from Whisky Advocate and a bronze medal from the American Distilling Institute's Craft American Spirits. The distillery plans to release in July Belgian White Whiskey as an evil twin to its La Bestia Belgian Ale.\nTreaty Oak Distilling launched in 2007 in Austin with a Platinum Rum. Last year, it released Starlite Vodka, an aged rum, and Waterloo Gin, which has wonderful Texas botanical notes of lavender, grapefruit and lemon. Newer to the lineup are a Two-Year Barrel Reserve and plans for Waterloo Gin Antique, which is also aged.\nemail@example.com Twitter: @JenMcInni", "817 F2d 105 Napier v. Sowders W\n817 F.2d 105\nEarnest NAPIER, and Dwight Coomer, Plaintiffs-Appellants,\nDewey SOWDERS, Warden; Phil Parker, Deputy Warden; and W.\nThorton, Internal Affairs, Defendants-Appellees.\nUnited States Court of Appeals, Sixth Circuit.\nApril 29, 1987.\nNOTICE: Sixth Circuit Rule 24(c) states that citation of unpublished dispositions is disfavored except for establishing res judicata, estoppel, or the law of the case and requires service of copies of cited unpublished dispositions of the Sixth Circuit.\nBefore KEITH, KENNEDY and RYAN, Circuit Judges.\nThis case has been referred to a panel of the court pursuant to Rule 9(a), Rules of the Sixth Circuit. Appellants have also moved for the appointment of counsel. Upon examination of the record and the briefs submitted by the parties, this panel agrees unanimously that oral argument is not needed.\nAppellants, both of whom are now inmates at the Kentucky State Reformatory, filed a complaint pursuant to 42 U.S.C. Sec. 1983 in the district court for the Eastern District of Kentucky. As the basis of their claim for both injunctive relief and monetary damages, they alleged that during the course of their prior incarceration at the Northpoint Training Center in Burgin, Kentucky, appellees had conspired to have them charged with the disciplinary infraction of dealing in contraband. In addition to the overall conspiracy, appellants maintained that their civil rights had been violated through their subjection to random searches of themselves and their cells and their placement in administrative segregation without the lodging of specific disciplinary charges against them. Appellees responded to the complaint by filing a motion to dismiss pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6), Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The district court agreed in that assessment and by order entered September 19, 1986, directed the dismissal of the complaint. Appellants thereafter filed this appeal.\nA district court may properly grant a motion to dismiss pursuant to Rule 12(b)(6), Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, only if it, assuming the truth of each factual allegation appearing in the complaint, can conclude that the plaintiff could prove no set of facts in support of his claim that would entitle him to relief. Windsor v. The Tennessean, 71", "Below is our current inventory of available properties. Contact our team regarding any of the properties or development listed below.\nBrokers welcomed and protected.\nLocation: Windsor, ON\nSize: 38,034 Sq Ft\nDetails: Build to Suit and leaseback of anywhere from 7,000 to 21,000 Sq Ft in one storey. Many combinations available to suite your needs. In the prestigious Greenwood Centre fronting right on Deziel Dr bus route next to the Windsor Essex Real Estate Board offices. Parking for over 750 cars in the overall site and amenities including \u2026\nLocation: Windsor, ON\nSize: 28,620 Sq Ft\nDetails: New build with 4.975 Sq Ft of leasable space zoned for all medical as well as pharmacy, bank, business and professional offices, health and professional studios. East of Howard Ave. on the south side of Cabana Rd E.Vacant Land zoned R1.4 with additional uses of Medical, Pharmacy and other commercial uses; Site is 0.66 Acres \u2026\n\"There was never any question who we would hire to undertake this project with us. Rosati's reputation for excellence in the construction industry and the community alike made it an easy choice. The entire experience with Rosati has been wonderful, and we are looking forward to opening our doors this summer for all of Essex County to experience and enjoy..\"\nMeghan Boschin and Mary Pacanins\n\"I love working with Rosati. They alw", "What are some challenges the author is facing in recovery from alcoholism", "What findings did Japanese scientists discover regarding wine and seafood pairing according to the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry", "Job searches in old age | What are your worries\nApplications are associated with uncertainty. That\u2019s the case no matter what age you are. Are there jobs on the market that interest you and fulfill you? Will I be invited for a job interview? Do I fit into the job or the team? Remind yourself that these are the worries that concern all generations when looking for a job. Naturally, thoughts like this continue in old age too. Do employers consider the employment of older candidates to be worthwhile in the long term? Are my increased salary expectations competitive with those of younger applicants? Will I be given the chance to prove my capabilities?\nSelf-marketing | Advantages in old age\nThese questions are certainly justified, but you can counter them with plus points that you earn only because you are older. You have years of experience with certain tasks and jobs: that is your professional expertise. You have also learned to work with different personalities over the years: this shows your social competence. You are someone who ideally likes to pass on your knowledge, i.e. you are a mentor, teacher, contact person. You have already overcome several changes in your life and know how to deal with change. Here, too, you could act as a role model. In the end, all this brings a certain sovereignty to the team, which has a high value in terms of diversity.\nBaloise focuses on knowledge transfer via generations. We promote the development of younger people in management positions and provide them with experienced mentors. In this way, important know-how remains within the company.\nAccept change | Drive development forward\nYour mindset is decisive for your application: Can you leave your comfort zone? Are you brave enough to take the plunge into new waters? Do you know the potential", "led that the Department for Work and Pensions must give her the backdated money from the age of 60, Press Association reports.\nMrs Timbrell\u2019s lawyer Marie-Eleni Demetriou argued that forcing her to end her happy marriage would violate her human rights in respect of her home and family life.\nJeremy Johnson, acting for the DWP, said Mrs Timbrell had applied to legally change her gender and that women born female are not legally allowed to marry another woman.\nSpeaking in March, Mrs Timbrell said: \u201cWe were married by a bishop almost 43 years ago and we are regular churchgoers.\n\u201cThe Department of Work and Pensions say the remedy is for us to divorce and go into a civil partnership, but we say that\u2019s not the same.\n\u201cWe are not gay and it would be hypocritical to pretend that we are. That is what we would be doing by entering into a civil partnership.\u201d", "s 20 minutes to thaw over the stove.\nTip#4: It is very hard to judge servings for soups because some people like soups with less broth, while others like it thicker. So if you need to add more ingredients, like more carrots or whatnot, then do so. If you don't want to use 6 cups, use 5 or 7. Whatever you prefer.", "What distinguishes the creation of Dwarves from that of other races in Arda according to J. R. R. Tolkien", "System, You can Get Maximum Results with Minimal Effort. Simply place your ads into our system and you'll soon receive massive exposure across multiple sites. We've even encoded your Affiliate URL's into the adz, so you can build your list at the same time by referring others to Ads-2-Cash!!\nfeatures are available to members, depending on your chosen membership\nContact Solo Ads Sent to All Members!\ne-mailer to your recruits, up to 10-levels deep\nUp to 40% commissions for all upgrades and advertising purchases\nAffordable Super Solo Ads to 20,000+ members and growing daily!\nMonthly advertising package for JV Partners\nactivity and daily login bonuses\nJV Partners can Promote up to 4 Primary Business Opportunities to their downline members!\nSurf the New Traffic Exchange! Add Your Favorite Sites for Member Surfing!\nJV Partners are eligible for a $5 Signup Bonus, Pro Member are eliglble for a $1 Signup Bonus. See ***Signup Details*** below.\nNew Member Bonuses\nAll members are invited\nto use promo codes: signmeup and freepro You will be provided 1 Free Pro Account, 50,000 Points, 4 Solo Adz, 4 Banner Adz, 1 Paid Text Ad, 1 Login Ad and 4 HotLinks! For New Signups Only. Value: $180.00\nOne Time and Special Offers\nUpon signing up, you\nwill be presented with one or more OTOs (One-Time Offers) to\njoin Ads-2-Cash. These OTOs are provided to give you significant\nprice reductions for our upgraded memberships, as well as additional\nadvertising opportunities. The OTOs will be modified/increased at various\nmembership increments. Some will only be available for a very limited time, so take your time, and read each offer carefully. You can Compare Memberships Here\nAds-2-Cash is Everything You Could Ever Want in an Advertising, Safelist, Traffic Exchange, or List Building Site!! We Have What You Need To Succeed!\nMake the Choice!\nNo Boxbe, or Any Kind Auto Reply Email Address on Signup", "What is the purpose of the center mentioned by the management spokeswoman", "tle and will be on the shelves at 15,000 of the company\u2019s outlets in the U.S. and Japan. This isn\u2019t the first proprietary label for the store; in 2005, 7-Eleven introduced Thousand Oaks, followed by Sonoma Crest Cellars in the fall of 2007, which each retail for $10. Carole Davidson, a 7-Eleven spokesperson, said wine is a strong seller for the chain, particularly value-priced wines under $5, which have seen double-digit sales growth during the past few years. About 2,000 of the 6,300 7-Eleven stores in the U.S. sell alcohol, with a typical store carrying 35 to 40 wine labels. While the idea of a proprietary label next to the pork rinds has taken some ribbing, Laurie Jones of the Wine Group, the producers of Yosemite Road, said that \u201cWhat we should be looking at is that this is just one more step toward wine becoming absolutely mainstream in America. That anytime you want to grab a wine, it\u2019s available.\u201d Unfiltered pressed her for a wine-and-convenience store fare pairing, and we think she made a pretty good recommendation, considering her options: \u201cI\u2019d look for a heat-and-eat tortellini with cream sauce and have it with the Chardonnay,\u201d she said.\n\u2022 Japanese scientists have now provided an answer to the frequently consternating question of what wine to pair with seafood. According to the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry, researchers from Mercian winery in Japan wanted to challenge the basic pairing principle of red wine with red meat and white wine with fish. After getting professional wine tasters to try 38 red wines and 26 white wines while eating scallops, the volunteers evaluated their experiences. The aim was to measure which pairing produced unsavory chemical compounds, including a ferrous ion which is a \"key compound in the formation of fishy aftertaste in wine-and-seafood pairing.\" The ion can originate from various sources, including the iron content of soil, dust on the grapes, or during the fermentation process. They found the lower the level of iron in the wine, the better it pairs with fish, regardless of the color of the grapes used to produce it. But the results aren't putting professional tasters out of business yet. The authors of the study admit that, unfortunately, the level of iron in wine varies greatly, not only by country of origin, but by vintage and harvesting conditions as well. \u201cIn daily life, it is difficult to predict the iron content in a bottled wine without opening it,\u201d they conclude, so \u201cit is still a problem for the customer.\u201d\nCristina Mariani-May of Castello Banfi prepares for a considerably long morning run.\n\u2022 Unfiltered was a mere spectator at this past weekend\u2019s annual New York Marathon, but there was at least one wine-industry sighting in the actual race. We\u2019ve yet to confirm, but we\u2019re pretty sure that Cristina Mariani-May, co-CEO of Italy\u2019s Castello Banfi, finished first among vintners (she finished 813th among all women, with an impressive time of 3 hours, 33 minutes). \u201cI had a blast! I felt fantastic, and my time was much better than expected, so I am thrilled,\u201d she said. This year, Mariani-May\u2019s run benefited The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, a charity that provides a residential summer camp and year-round support for children and families coping with cancer and other serious illnesses. Cheers to Mariani-May for turning an impressive personal accomplishment into a gift for deserving children and their families.\nCarolyn M Stein \u2014 Memphis tn \u2014 March 25, 2010 9:12am ET\nSips & Tips | Wine & Healthy Living\nVideo Theater | Collecting & Auctions", "What supported the rise of the DAX 30 index", "An antibiotic-resistant strain of salmonella has been linked to Foster Farms chicken in a recent recall, but the magnitude of the outbreak may not yet be felt.\nA new study found that food trucks in seven American cities scored as well or better on food safety inspections than restaurants.\nThe European Union has clamped down on an anti-browning chemical, effectively banning the import of apples and pears from the U.S. and Canada.\nA nationwide recall is in effect for Parkers Farms products after listeria was discovered in peanut butter, cheese spreads, dips and salsa.\nShould a toxin be injected somewhere along the supply chain for liquids like orange juice or milk, experts believe it could have devastating consequences.\nExperts suspect that the reason the U.S. has avoided a large-scale attack on food is that it doesn\u2019t carry the same weight as a suicide bomb or shooting.\nOrganic farmers are raising opposition to FDA food safety rules that will put the squeeze on small-production farms.\nNearly 9 million pounds of beef have been recalled after the USDA discovered diseased animals were processed without proper oversight.\nEarth Eats asked food watchdog and advocacy groups for their thoughts on the best and worst of food policy in 2013.\nUnder new ownership, Sanlu is attempting to rebrand with organic grains. The que", "Ronnie G. Brown Jr. (born December 12, 1981) is a former American football running back. After graduating from Cartersville High School in Georgia, Brown attended Auburn University to play college football for the Auburn Tigers. He and Cadillac Williams shared carries at running back, while he had 1,008 yards and 13 touchdowns in 2002, 446 yards and five touchdowns in 2003, and 913 yards and eight touchdowns in 2004. Brown finished seventh in school history with 2,707 rushing yards and fifth with 28 rushing touchdowns. He twice earned second-team All-Southeastern Conference honors in 2002 and 2004.\nBrown with the Chargers in 2012\n|No. 30, 23|\n|Born:||December 12, 1981|\n|Height:||6 ft 0 in (1.83 m)|\n|Weight:||223 lb (101 kg)|\n|High school:||Cartersville (GA)|\n|NFL Draft:||2005 / Round: 1 / Pick: 2|\n|Career highlights and awards|\n|Career NFL statistics|\n|Player stats at PFR|\nBrown was drafted second overall by the Miami Dolphins in the 2005 NFL Draft. Brown started at running back for the Dolphins for the first four weeks of the season while Ricky Williams served a suspension, and shared carries with him when he returned in week five. Brown became the feature back in 2006 due to Williams' full year suspension. Brown sat out three games due to a broken hand suffered on Thanksgiving Day in a game against the Detroit Lions, returning in week 16. He played in the first seven games of the 2007 season before suffering a knee injury which knocked him out for the remainder of the season. Williams started over Brown in the first two games of the 2008 season, but shared carries with him after week two. Brown had 916 yards and ten touchdowns in 2008, which led to his first Pro Bowl selection following the season. He was placed on injured reserve for the second straight season after suffering a foot injury in week nine of the 2009 season. Brown rushed for 734 yards and five touchdowns in 2010, as he started in all 16 games. He played for the Philadelphia Eagles in 2011 following a six-year career with the Dolphins.\nBrown attended Cartersville High School in Georgia, where he was a three-year starter and rushed for 4,936 yards, 12 touchdowns.\nBrown moved on to Auburn University, where he majored in communications and played for coach Tommy Tuberville's Auburn Tigers football team from 2000 to 2004. He teamed up with speed running back Carnell Williams to create a premier running threat of speed and power. He redshirted after playing in the first two games of the 2000 season as he only gained 10 yards on six carries. In 2001, he played in 10 games and ranked third on the team with 330 yards on 84 carries and two touchdowns while catching seven passes for 109 yards.\nBrown enjoyed his best season in 2002 when he gained a career-high 1,008 yards on 175 carries (5.8 avg.) with 13 touchdowns while subbing for the injured Williams. He also had nine receptions for 166 yards (18.4 avg.) and a touchdown. However, in 2003, with Williams healthy and starting, Brown's statistics dropped as he carried the ball only 95 times for 446 yards (4.7 avg.), recorded five touchdowns, and had eight receptions for 80 yards.\nIn 2004, Brown shared duties with Williams and started seven games. Together with Jason Campbell, coach Tommy Tuberville called them the best backfield in the past 30 years as they led the team to a 13-0 record. He totaled 913 yards on 153 carries and scored eight times. He also displayed his receiving capabilities as he ranked second on the team with 34 catches for 313 yards and a touchdown.\nAlthough he started only 21 of 47 games for Auburn he finished his career ranked seventh in school history with 2,707 yards rushing on 513 carries while ranking fifth with 28 rushing touchdowns. Brown also had 58 receptions for 668 yards and two touchdowns.\n- 2000: 6 carries for 10 yards and no touchdowns.\n- 2001: 84 carries for 330 yards (3.93) and 2 touchdowns. 7 catches for 109 yards.\n- 2002: 175 carries for 1008 yards (5.76) and 13 touchdowns. 9 catches for 166 yards and 1 touchdown.\n- 2003: 95 carries for 446 yards (4.69) and 5 touchdowns. 8 catches for 80 yards.\n- 2004: 153 carries for 913 yards (5.97) and 8 touchdowns. 34 catches for 313 yards and 1 touchdown.\nBrown entered the 2005 NFL Draft and was drafted with the 2nd overall pick of the 1st round by the Miami Dolphins. Fellow Auburn University HB Carnell Williams was also in the draft and was selected with the fifth pick in the first round by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Brown held out of training camp due to a contract dispute and as a result was not successful running the ball in the first two weeks of the season as he rushed for only 93 yards on 34 carries (2.7 avg.) and no touchdowns. However, he got on track in Week 3 as he rushed for 132 yards on 23 carries (5.7 avg.) and his first career touchdown. He followed this up with a successful Week 4 performance rushing for 97 yards on 17 carries (5.7 avg.). But during Week 5, he had to again share rushing duties with another premier running back, this time Ricky Williams who was returning from a four-game suspension. Brown ended up having only about forty more rushes than Williams during the 2005 season, and was well on pace for a 1,000 yard campaign if it wasn't for them sharing the football. Brown ended up with 207 rushes for 907 yards (4.4 avg.) and 4 touchdowns while having 32 receptions for 232 yards and a touchdown.\nWith Ricky Williams suspended for the entire season, Brown entered 2006 as the feature back for the Miami Dolphins. The offensive line and offense in general struggled for the Dolphins, making it difficult for Brown to consistently produce at a high level. He had a breakout game on October 15 loss to the New York Jets, rushing for 127 yards and a touchdown on 22", "When Unfiltered last heard from two-time Oscar-winning actress Hilary Swank, her production company had just purchased the rights to former Veuve Cliquot executive Mireille Guiliano's 2004 bestseller, French Women Don't Get Fat, and was angling to play the lead in a film adaptation of the book. We know that Swank learned to fly a plane in order to properly portray Amelia Earhart for the current feature film Amelia, so one would assume she\u2019d be doing her research for a Champagne-themed film in France, but it seems that Swank has been pursuing a passion for all things Italian. In September, Swank and her brother Dan wined, dined and even truffle-hunted as the guests of proprietor Ernesto Abbona at Piedmont\u2019s Marchesi di Barolo winery in Barolo. According to Christina Cacciato of WineWave, which imports Marchesi di Barolo to the United States, \u201cErnesto was quite pleased to discover Ms. Swank\u2019s ability to discern and appreciate the key differentiating notes between the cru wines.\u201d If it means a visit from the becoming actress in the course of her research, Unfiltered hopes that her next role has Swank playing a wine journalist.\nLooks innocent? The light-brown apple moth lays its eggs on vine leaves, where hatching larvae cause defenseless grapes to rot on the vine.\n\u2022 The light-brown apple moths of Carneros, considered by some to be the new scourge of California vineyards, will be getting some impotent new neighbors this week when 3,000 to 4,000 sterile male moths will be released into Carneros vineyards. According to U.S. Department of Agriculture spokesman Larry Hawkins, the first release of the sterile males will begin this week, when the moths will begin looking for female mates. The sterile moths have also been fed a dye that changes their color, allowing their distribution to be tracked by the scientists. According to Hawkins, the purpose of this release is to supply data about the light-brown apple moth and its habits to researchers, who then hope to draw up a game plan for eradication. No word yet on what color the sterile moths have been dyed, but despite their threat to California\u2019s vineyards, Unfiltered couldn\u2019t help but feel blue for the test subjects.\n\u2022 Is your idea of retirement selling it all off and heading to Boca, drinking fruity drinks with miniature umbrellas while soaking up the sun poolside? We say no, follow us to Canada. What? The land of hockey and ice fishing doesn\u2019t exactly scream \u201cgolden years\u201d to you? Well Unfiltered found a reason to give it serious consideration, specifically the Canterbury Gardens retirement home in Peterborough, Ontario, about 50 miles northeast of Toronto. The retirement community recently employed its own sommelier to pair its seasonal menu with the appropriate wines, a feature available every night of the week to the community\u2019s residents. If that wasn\u2019t enough, the establishment has partnered with Ontario\u2019s Colio winery to make their own private label, made up of four wines in all: a Cabernet/Merlot blend, Gamay, Chardonnay and Riesling. Unfiltered thinks this not only beats applesauce and prune juice, but would ensure more visits from the family if they knew they could temper grandpa\u2019s relentless stories of the good old days with a nice glass of wine or two.\n\u2022 Buying wine got more convenient this week when 7-Eleven parent company Seven & i Holdings Co. of Tokyo announced the launch of its first global proprietary label, Yosemite Road. They will offer a Chardonnay and a Cabernet made from California grapes that retail for a modest $4 per bot", "What benefits does Resurge provide besides boosting energy levels", "What safety guarantees does Resurge offer to consumers when bought from its official website", "nagement spokeswoman, said the center is part of the plan to reduce the number of open public bin sites that exist in the territory.\n\"We want to get rid of all of them eventually, but right now we only have four bin sites on St. Croix,\" she said. \"Because of the difference in the terrain, we have 26 bins on St. Thomas and 28 on St. John.", "What concerns did the author have about integrating their Flickr account with Google's new service, G+", "Resurge boosts your energy levels. Resurge enhances the metabolic rate when you are asleep. Resurge can help you lose weight by burning fat in your body. It is best taken at evening. It costs $49 per bottle. To purchase the product, go to the official website. After you have completed your purchase shipping and handling fees will be added to the purchase. Resurge is safe to use for up to 90 days. The manufacturers do not offer a money-back guarantee.\nWhile Resurge can help you burn fat and improve your sleep, it is important to make sure that you get enough sleep every night. It contains ingredients that help you sleep better and reduce hunger. The metabolism of your body will slow when you don\u2019t get enough rest. You could overeat than you should. You may also notice an increase in appetite which could lead to weight gain. To increase your energy levels, it is important to not skimp on sleep.\nResurge is a supplement that provides an overnight boost to your body. It helps you fall asleep more deeply, and you\u2019ll awake feeling more energized and energetic than you did the previous day before. It also provides other benefits, such as improving your mood and mental health. This product can help you shed belly fat. It increases your energy, stabilizes blood sugar levels and burns fat. Resurge is safe to take and does not cause any adverse effects.\nResurge is a natural sleep aid that contains 8 ingredients. It improves your sleep quality and helps you fall asleep faster. It helps reduce stress and anxiety. Because it promotes deep sleep, it also reduces ammonia-producing during deep sleep. It also reduces the production hormones that cause aging while you sleep. It\u2019s a good supplement for people who don\u2019t get complete seven or eight hours of sleep in the night.\nResurge is a fantastic supplement for those who don\u2019t have the desire or need to adhere to an exact diet. It works by enhancing your sleep psychology and helping you fall asleep. It has ingredients formulated to increase your metabolism. It\u2019s a safe and effective method of losing weight. You\u2019ll feel refreshed after a long day at work, and end your nightly snacking.\nIf you\u2019re cons", "idering buying Resurge ensure you buy it from its official website. It is crucial to be careful when purchasing Resurge as it may alter the composition of other drugs. Before you purchase the supplement, be sure to look over the label. Resurge is a smart investment. This product is safe, effective, and reliable. You\u2019ll feel great in the blink of an eye!\nThe Resurge supplement can be used in a safe manner. The ingredients are safe and will not cause harm. The company offers a 60 day money-back guarantee on all its products. The formula is free of artificial colors or flavors. In addition, the supplement is vegetarian. Therefore, it is completely safe to buy for anyone. It can help you lose weight before you go to bed at night. There are also no adverse side effects associated with Resurge. Resurge.\nResurge isn\u2019t a magic pill. It is a supplement that functions within the body. It\u2019s not a complete solution to your health issues. Instead, it is a supplement that can aid in losing weight and improve your overall health. Its ingredients are listed on the website. Before you purchase, be sure to read them. If you\u2019re uncertain about the effectiveness of Resurge You can reach out to the manufacturer. The reviews will inform you if the product is safe to use.\nIts ingredients are safe to use. In fact the majority of them are common in similar products. Resurge is safe and effective in weight loss. The price of Resurge is $49 and includes shipping. It\u2019s made up of eight key ingredients that are essential to muscle growth. Before purchasing it, ensure that you consult your doctor if have any concerns regarding the composition of the ingredients. The formula also contains amino acids if you are considering it for weight loss.\nResurge is a wonderful product to help reduce body fat in the morning. It works by raising GABA and serotonin which are two neurotransmitters that affect your mood and your ability to sleep. This supplement isn\u2019t a serotonin-producing agent. It\u2019s a sleep aid that helps your body recover itself. Resurge has no side effects. The manufacturer is dedicated to providing a safe product. It is only available through prescription", "What advantages do older job seekers have in self-marketing according to the text", "Waste Management to soon open a new trash facility in Peter's Rest\nPublished: March 20, 2013\nFont size: [A] [A] [A]\nST. CROIX - In a matter of weeks, the V.I. Waste Management Authority will open its Peter's Rest Convenience Center and take a step closer to changing the way trash is disposed of in the territory.\nStella Saunders, Waste Ma", "\u201cThe rights of martyrs and their families are an inseparable part of the national culture and moral, humane way of life,\u201d said Fatah.\nBy World Israel News Staff\nThe Fatah movement, headed by Palestinian Authority (PA) leader Mahmoud Abbas, is vowing to continue paying Palestinian terrorists held in Israeli jails and the families of terrorists in cases in which the \u201cmartyrs\u201d are killed when attacking Israeli targets, reports Arutz 7.\nLast month, Defense Minister Naftali Bennett signed an order of seizure to collect hundreds of thousands of shekels received by eight Israeli-Arab terrorists and their families from the PA as monthly stipends for their pay-for-slay policy.\nThe minister\u2019s office said the \u201cdirect\u201d action against terrorists was an unprecedented move, expanding the existing policy beyond only punishing the PA.\nHowever, a defiant Fatah statement issued to mark Martyrs\u2019 Day declared that \u201cthe rights of martyrs and their families are an inseparable part of the national culture and moral, humane way of life,\u201d Arutz 7 reports.\n\u201cThe [ma", "Today\u2019s guest blog is co-authored by Russell J. Quaglia, the President and Founder of the Quaglia Institute for Student Aspirations, and Lisa Kinnaman the Co-Director of the Idaho Leads Project at Boise State.\nA new academic year, full of hopes, dreams, and challenges is upon us. When students see each other for the first time after summer break, there are hugs, wide smiles, and enthusiasm. It is the same with teachers as they greet their colleagues and swap stories of their summer adventures.\nIt is a magical time of the year ... that sadly lingers for too brief a time.\nWe think this diminishing enthusiasm can be attributed to what we are calling the lunchbox philosophy. Decades ago, one of the coolest things about the beginning of school was picking out a new lunchbox. We\u2019re not talking about the ones that are made out of vinyl or recycled tires, or have designer fashions and labels, or are so neon you can see them from the moon.\nWe are talking about the metal lunch box with a handle that had a superhero on the outside and a matching thermos on the inside. They were impractical, cumbersome, and did not keep food particularly warm or cold, but they were awesome, and they had meaning.\nThis type of classic lunch box was first created in 1935 by a company called Geuder, Paeschke, and Frey, located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. None other than Mickey Mouse graced the original design. Before long, students everywhere were proudly carrying their lunch boxes, and soon the box mattered much more than the meal. It didn\u2019t matter if you had a steak sandwich or leftover tater tots for lunch. It was all about the box - Superman, Superwoman, The Beatles, The A-Team ...\nShould publishing companies abandon books and return to producing classic lunchboxes? Of course not, but we do recognize the symbolism of the lunchbox era. In the 50\u2019s there were Mickey Mouse and Roy Rogers; the 60\u2019s, The Beatles and Star Trek; the 70\u2019s, Six Million Dollar Man and Barbie ... countless numbers of characters on our lunchboxes.\nBut for kids, it was not about promoting a movie or band or cartoon. It was about being inspired. It was about carrying a hero with them every day to school. The lunchbox stood for something. It provided a sense of purpose. And the irony is, we didn\u2019t even know it; we just thought it was cool!\nWho are our students\u2019 heroes now? Do students readily display their heroes?\nWith today\u2019s technology, one does not need to look further than the nearest computer or handheld device to find an example of a hero. Students identify all kinds of heroes - from sports legends and firefighters, to pop-stars and astronauts. But for students, it is important they have heroes outside the screen, heroes who have a direct impact in their daily lives. And to find your students\u2019 hero, you only need to look as far as the nearest mirror. YOU are a hero to your students - whether you like it or not, whether you asked for it or not. Your only choice in the matter is what type of hero you want to be - how much and what kind of an impact you want to have on your students\u2019 lives.\nStudents need role models in school, and unfortunately they are not finding these heroes as frequently as they should. Data collected this past year from the Student Voice survey from over 65,000 students found that:\n- 52% of students believe teachers are willing to learn from them\n- 44% of students believe teachers make school an exciting place to learn\n- 52% of students believe teachers care if they are absent from school\n- 55% of students believe teachers care about them as individuals\n- 57% of students believe teachers make an effort to get to know them\nWhile the days of superhero lunchboxes are behind us, the need for heroes in schools is not. As a matter of fact, nothing is more important, and we must take action to address this data. It is not complex, and it does not take superhero powers to solve: You need to let students know they matter to you.\nMost educators would agree to a gut instinct that it matters if students know we care about them. However, there is also a substantial body of research to back up this feeling of the heart. In his groundbreaking work Visible Learning, John Hattie provides a synthesis of over 800 meta-analyses relating to student achievement (2009).\nTea", "What type of businesses can occupy the new build with 4,975 Sq Ft of leasable space in Windsor, ON", "What are the benefits of becoming a JV Partner with Ads-2-Cash", "What does Mrs Timbrell argue would violate her human rights in regard to her marriage", "How was the airway established in a child with Pierre Robins syndrome without performing a tracheostomy", "What does Fatah assert regarding the rights of martyrs and their families in Palestinian culture", "What are some benefits of signing up for the Ads-2-Cash system", "What are some features of the Twister online slots game", "[Video Prophecy] Sitting Down with my Publisher\nThis week, I sat down with my Publisher here at Gilder Press, Doug Hill, and we discussed some of your questions.\nAs always, please send any feedback or questions you may have to Feedback@GilderPress.com. And let me know if you enjoy this special video format!\n- The economic headwinds that smashed the likes of some of the most well-known tech nam", "Europe Roundup: Equities steady\nLONDON: Europe's leading stock markets mostly steadied yesterday after the previous day's strong gains, with traders cautious despite a possible deal aimed at preventing a US-led military attack on Syria.\nLondon's benchmark FTSE 100 index was off 0.10 per cent to 6,577.08 points in afternoon trading and the CAC 40 in Paris shed 0.15 per cent to 4,110.42 points. Frankfur", "What new product did Deep Eddy launch earlier this month that required increased production", "Septone Cold Gal Zinc-Rich Coating is ideal for boat trailers, roofs, gates, balustrades, wrought iron, tanks, gutters and many other applications.\nSeptone Hammer Finish is a self priming, rapid drying hammered metal look paint. It is suitable for interior and exterior applications on both metal and timber surfaces.\nSeptone Subframe Black is a rapid drying satin blac", "And now I will begin to explain my take on J. R. R. Tolkien\u2019s Dwarves, or the Khaz\u00e2d, as they call themselves. It has taken me this long to gather my thoughts, dig up my evidence and organize my reasoning. I assume that most of my readers are familiar with Middle Earth and its inhabitants. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me in the comments section, or check out the Tolkien Gateway and its handy search engine.\nI begin with what is, for the Dwarves, the beginning.\nAs far as I know, the Dwarves are the only race of Arda to be created by a single Ainu. The others arose from the Music of the Ainur, or from the corrupting influence of Melkor on existing races. There are other races closely associated with specific Ainu (like the Ents and Yavanna, or the Eagles and Manw\u00eb), but only the Dwarves were the work of a single mind. Therefore understanding them must begin with understanding something of their maker, Aul\u00eb the Smith.\nIn the Valaquenta Silmarillion, Aul\u00eb is said to be the third-mightiest of the Lords of the Valar, and the most similar in talents to the Enemy of the Valar, Melkor. He is shown to be a smith and the shaper of the \u201csubstances of which Arda is made.\u201d\nHe is \u2026 a master of all crafts, and he delights in works of skill, however small, as much as in the mighty building of old. His are the gems that lie deep in the Earth and the gold that is fair in the hand, no less than the walls of the mountains and the basins of the sea. \u2026 Melkor was jealous of him, for Aul\u00eb was most like himself in thought and powers; and there was long strife between them, in which Melkor ever marred or undid the works of Aul\u00eb, and Aul\u00eb grew weary in repairing the tumults and disorders of Melkor. Both, also, desired to make things of their own that should be new and unthought of by others, and delighted in the praise of their skill. But Aul\u00eb remained faithful to Eru and submitted all that he did to his will; and he did not envy the works of others, but sought and gave counsel. Whereas Melkor spent his spirit in envy and hate, until at last he could make nothing save in mockery of the thought of others, and all their works he destroyed if he could.\u201d Valaquenta, Silmarillion\nAnd there you have it. Aul\u00eb contained the fire and will to create and this made him great, but also led him into trouble. From what Tolkien writes, the desire to create is both wonderful and perilous. Many of his most destructive characters are either akin to Aul\u00eb or else were his disciples. F\u00ebanor, so talented and so catastrophic, and even Sauron, himself, learned craft from the Smith. It would be easy to assume that Tolkien considered craftsmanship a road to evil. He certainly represents the dangers of creativity in materialism and delusions of godhood. A closer look, though, reveals a very different message. Tolkien\u2019s take seems to be that the paramount wonder and power of creation is balanced by great risk.\nBut for all the dangers of this creative drive, Aul\u00eb is represented as a good being. He is patient (save in one instance that I will discuss shortly), even-tempered, generous, strong, hard-working and artistic. Of the Lords of the Valar, he and Orom\u00eb are my favorites, but the Smith wins by a nose. I guess I identify with smiths. No surprise there.\nI also identify with being patient in some regards and impatient in others. Of Aul\u00eb\u2019s impatience, the Quenta Silmarillion, chapter 2, has this to say:\n\u2026so greatly did Aul\u00eb desire the coming of the Children, to have learners to whom he could teach his lore and his crafts, that he was unwilling to", "What abilities of the lungs related to vasoactive substances are influenced by disease states and drug treatment", "tia (situation of growing breasts among men and boys). And also, this problem growing rapidly because of the excess usage of Risperdal by the people.\nWhat are Risperdal Lawsuits?\nRisperdal lawsuits are claims of the people who have suffered severe damages and are suffering because of the usage of Risperdal. In the past few years, lawsuits over the drug Risperdal causing gynecomastia in boys were filed against the pharmaceutical company Johnson & Johnson because of their compost drug having numerous side effects. They were filed against the company by people who took Risperdal to treat dementia but started to see symptoms of gynecomastia.\nHow to file a personal injury lawsuit?\nA person must prove that Johson & Johnson breached their duty. Only then will they be able to claim compensation. The following are the various issues which a person can raise against the company in order to get compensation for personal injury damages:\n- Improper labeling\n- Vague warning label\n- Misleading warning label\n- Marketing of product for an unapproved use\n- Promotion of off-label use of the drug\n- Actively hide and cover the dangerous indications of the drug\nA person who has taken Risperdal drug and has faced side effects of it can claim for compensation by filing a lawsuit in a court. However, it must be proven that the improper labeling and unneeded marketing of the product have failed to warn the patient and doctor of such side effects. Along with this, a person must be aware of all its rights and must also investigate all the side effects of any drug before use", "Q: After years of heavy drinking that no doubt\ncontributed to finding myself an unemployed lawyer, I can't say\nthat I'm a happy or grateful recovering alcoholic. At AA meetings\n(and virtually all gatherings, for that matter), I have to try to\nkeep a lid on my feelings of irritability and\nI often hear a degree of hypocrisy, sanctimoniousness or\nself-delusion in what others are saying, and at times feel the need\nto confront them. I have not really made any friends since I\nstopped drinking, and my many efforts to get hired at a law firm\n(which happened readily years ago when I graduated from a fine law\nschool) have had no effect. Am I destined to a future of crankiness\nA: Certainly not - there are all kinds of paths toward recovery,\nand you've actually managed to stay away from a drink for a number\nof months despite your grouchy state of mind. Another positive sign\nis that, though you feel annoyed by other people, you seem aware\nthat the origin of the reaction is within yourself.\nThe irritability that you describe can be viewed as falling\nsomewhere within the clinical syndromes of depression and/or\nanxiety. In either case, consultation with a prescribing\npsychiatrist (psychopharmacologist) might result in a trial of an\nSSRI antidepressant. Antidepressants, despite the title, are also\nsometimes useful for anxiety and other moodiness, and they are not\nBy the way, if you've tried these antidepressants before without\nmuch effect when you were still drinking, it's much more likely\nthat they will have a useful impact now that you are sober. Your\nsobriety also means that you are in a better position than in the\npast to benefit from psychotherapy, to help you understand the\nsources of your bristly reactions to other people.\nYou may well identify real flaws in their reasoning, or simply\ndisagree with their belief systems, but this need not cause you to\nwrite them off, and it does not rule out the possibility that they\nhave something to offer you.\nFo", "finger breaks. The colorway, Red/Blue, is in line with the traditional scheme. The Cannons insignia is emblazoned on the cuff. Click here for more info on the Deft glove from Brine.", "stion is will Chinese consumers buy in?\nConcerned with food waste? Ordered too much takeout? A new app will help with that.\nThree have fallen ill with E. coli infection in Kentucky and Indiana, but the infection may not have come from food.\nWhile 45% of the FDA's employees have been temporarily laid off, 87% of the USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service personnel have been retained.\nThe U.S. Government Accountability Office said the U.S. Department of Agriculture used bad data to justify new poultry inspection rules.\nA whistleblower group says USDA officials are retaliating against meat inspectors who report inhumane treatment of animals at slaughterhouses.\nAdvocates of the new bill say consumers deserve to know what they are feeding their families.\nThe U.S. Senate has passed a bill to avert the furlough of USDA meat inspectors and the sporadic closure of meat processing plants. Now it's up to the House.\nThe CDC, the University of Minnesota and the UK's Chief Medical Officer have all issued warnings about drug-resistant bacteria this March.\nWhile California's Proposition 37 failed in November, Whole Foods has decided to label genetically modified ingredients voluntarily.\nProposed legislation in the state legislature seeks to prohibit activists from secretly filming inside beef, pork, poultry and egg farms.", "What legislation did the Knesset pass in July 2018 in relation to the Palestinian Authority payments to terrorists", "What aspects of the services provided by Rosati contributed to the positive experience of Dr. Michael Jacobs and his team during their project", "What were the movements of Europe's leading stock markets following strong gains of the previous day", "carries. Three weeks later he rushed for a career-high 157 yards against a stingy Chicago Bears defense, helping the Dolphins to an upset victory of the previously undefeated Bears. On a Thanksgiving Day game against the Detroit Lions, Brown suffered a broken left hand from a hit by a defender's helmet. While he missed the next three contests, Brown returned for the final two games of the season and posted back-to-back 100-yard rushing performances against the Indianapolis Colts and New York Jets. In 13 games played, Brown finished with 1,008 rushing yards, 276 receiving yards, five touchdowns and a solid 4.2 average.\nDuring the team's minicamp in May 2007, Brown revealed that he is eight pounds over his listed playing weight of 232, and would like to cut his body fat from 12 percent to 8 or 9 percent. During week 7, Ronnie Brown injured his knee making a tackle during an interception return and was lost for the season. At the time of his injury he was leading the league in yards from scrimmage and was on pace for over 2,200 total yards on the season.\nBefore the 2008 regular season started, Tony Sparano, announced Ricky Williams would be the starting running back. During the first two games Brown carried the ball 17 times for a total of 48 yards and one touchdown. Before the New England Patriots game Ronnie Brown was made the starting running back and has been featured in the Dolphins' popular Wildcat formation, which borrows from former Auburn University OC Gus Malzahn's college spread offense. Since then, Brown rushed the ball 127 times for 557 yards and eight touchdowns. Brown also threw for a touchdown in week 3 against the Patriots.\nAlthough he split carries with teammate Ricky Williams, Brown still had a solid 2008 season rushing for 916 yards on 214 carries, an average of 4.3 ypc.\nFor the 2009 NFL season, Brown played and started in nine of the sixteen games of the regular season. During these nine games Brown managed to carry the ball 148 times for a total of 648 yards averaging 4.4 yards per carry. Brown also managed to rush for eight touchdowns. Brown in addition to rushing the ball managed to complete 14 passes for a total of 98 yards. During the 11th week of the regular season; Brown suffered a right foot injury against Tampa Bay and was placed on injured reserve. Brown's injury caused him to miss the remainder of the season.\nIn 2010, Brown became a restricted free agent, but re-signed with the Dolphins.\nOn August 2, 2011, Brown signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Eagles worth $1 million. It is reported that there are incentives in the contract that could take the value over $1 million.\nThe Eagles traded Brown to the Detroit Lions in exchange for running back Jerome Harrison and a seventh-round draft pick in 2013 on October 18, 2011, but the trade was voided the next day after Harrison failed his physical with the Eagles.\nSan Diego ChargersEdit\nBrown signed a one-year contract with the San Diego Chargers on June 8, 2012. After an injury to starting running back Ryan Mathews in the preseason, Brown started the season opener against the Oakland Raiders on Monday Night Football. While he was ineffective on the ground, gaining just 5 yards on five carries, Brown became the third-down back for the Chargers. On January 5, 2014, Brown sealed a 27\u201310 win for the Chargers with a 58-yard touchdown run in the wild card playoff game against the Cincinnati Bengals.\nSecond Chargers stintEdit\nOn October 7, 2014, Brown was signed by the San Diego Chargers, following a concussion suffered by Chargers' running back Donald Brown on October 5. The team had already lost running back Danny Woodhead for the season due to an ankle injury suffered on September 21, 2014, in a game against the Buffalo Bills. The team was also without running back Ryan Mathews who suffered an MCL sprain on September 21 in a game against the Seattle Seahawks and was expected to be out 4\u20135 weeks. Ronnie Brown played in seven games for the Chargers in the 2014 season. On December 20, 2014 (Week 16), in a game at San Francisco, he played an important role in a 38\u201335 overtime victory instrumental in keeping San Diego's playoff hopes alive. In overtime, Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers handed off the ball to Brown on six straight plays, as the team moved 22 yards to set up Nick Novak's game-winning fieldgoal. The next week, in the regular-season finale, he didn't record a single carry, as the Chargers lost to the Kansas City Chiefs and didn't make the playoffs. At the end of the season, the San Diego Chargers organization didn't offer him a contract extension.\n- Battista, Judy (October 11, 2008). \"A Wildcat Is a Tiger by the Tail for Defenses\". New York Times.\n- Darlington, Jeff (March 21, 2010). \"Miami Dolphins' Ronnie Brown is arrested for DUI\". Miami Herald. Retrieved December 29, 2010.\n- Pro Football Talk.com\n- Detroit Lions trade Jerome Harrison for Philadelphia Eagles running back Ronnie Brown MLive.com October 18, 2011\n- Rosenthal, Greg. \"Ronnie Brown agrees to one-year deal with Chargers\". Retrieved June 8, 2012.\n- \"After Cutting Three, Texans Sign Two Running Backs\". Houston.CBSLocal.com. August 11, 2014. Retrieved August 11, 2014.\n- Alper, Josh. \"Texans release Ronnie Brown\". Pro Football Talk. Retrieved October 1, 2014.\n- \"Danny Woodhead's season is over\". NFL.com. Retrieved January 26, 2016.\n- \"Source: Woodhead sprained ankle, broke fibula\". ESPN.com. Retrieved January 26, 2016.\n- \"Injury roundup: Ryan Mathews out 4-5 weeks\". NFL.com. Retrieved January 26, 2016.\n- \"Philip Rivers shines in fourth quarter, Ronnie Brown grinds in overtime for San Diego Chargers\". AL.com. Retrieved January 26, 2016.\n- \"Ronnie Brown Stats\". ESPN Internet Ventures. Retrieved March 12, 2014", "What are some of the features of Gunnar Scope glasses described in the text", "Cards and Toronto Quality Meat Vouchers.\nWhen you spend $10 or more on Raffle Tickets we will give you extra tickets to the same value.\nAre you a loyal Raffle Attendant of the Workies Club? Our Raffle Loyalty Cards are valid for use on all our Ham Raffles. Don't have one? Be sure to collect one from our Raffle Hosts at time of ticket purchase", "hypotension.Print version:\nA case study: The retrograde approach to nasotracheal intubation in the child with severe Pierre Robins syndrome\nBy Elaine Klein, CRNA, MA\nAlfonso Yonfa, MD\nMaintaining a viable airway is especially difficult in the child with Pierre Robins syndrome; this case study demonstrates how an airway was established in a child with micrognathia without performing a tracheostomy.\nPrint version: 1983;51(5):506-507.\nUpdate: Prospective Payment System interim final regulations.\nPrint version: 1983;51(5):539-542.\nLegal aspects of the practice of nursing.\nPrint version: 1983;51(5):543-544", "t's DAX 30 rose 0.49 per cent to stand at 8,488.21.\nThe index won support from news that Germany paid its highest interest rate in almost two years at a bond auction yesterday, as economic prospects in the eurozone brighten and the country's safe-haven status dwindles.\nOn the European corporate front, shares in Britain's biggest retailer, supermarket group Tesco, grew 0.16 per cent to 372.65 pence. AF", "What types of functions and events does The Headliners band perform at", "A simple recipe for kale and potato soup. Lots of options to modify. Very easy to make!\nTip#1: Try adding a can or two of cannellini beans. You can't go wrong. Plus it is great protein.\nTip #2: Serve with toasted bread on the side.\nTip #3: Freeze some of the soup if you can so you can have it handy. It only take", "Take Your Internet Advertising To New Heights!\nNow Featuring Slide Up Viral Adz!\nGrab Free Pro and a $180 Ads Pack!\nFrom: Thomas Sheets\nToday is the day you take charge of your advertising! Look we all know that Text Ad Exchanges Work Wonders For Advertising, Signups, and Listbuilding... At Ads-2-Cash, Get Awesome Advertising, and Commissions! If You want to Succeed Online, then You Need to Build Your List, and Promote Your Business Effectively! That is what Ads-2-Cash is All About... Advertising Your Business Opportunities and List Building!\nWe have taken the Best of All Advertising Sites and Combined them into One Effective Advertising Machine! With Our Slide Up Viral Adz, Your Websites and Affiliate Links are exposed Virally Across the Net, And You will be able to Build Your List and Earn Commissions virtually on AutoPilot!\nWe Currently Have Over 26 Different Ways for You To Advertise Your Sites and Offers, And We've Even Included a Way for You to Have Your Very Own Signup Bonuses via The Transfer Advertising Feature! Surf the New Traffic Exchange now Included at Ads-2-Cash, and if You Upgrade to JV, You can Promote up to 4 Different Business Opportunities to Your Downline Members!!\nJoin as a Free Member, and take Us for a Test Drive! Advertise Your Sites with SuperSolos, Contact Solo Ads and Other Advertising Options, or You can also Upgrade Your Account to JV Partnership Via the One Time Offer, and Receive a Monthly Advertising Package, and Get Instant Viral Adz and Text Adz Credits!\nHere is what you get as a Monthly Bonus for being a JV Partner of Ads-2-Cash:\n3 Solo Adz\n3 Traffic Links w/200 clicks\n3 Banner Adz w/2000 views\n3 Hot Links w/5000 views\n1 Login Adz w/2500 views\nAn Adz Package Valued at Over $110 Every Month!!\nNow Featuring Viral Adz!\nAdvertise Your Websites Across The Net While Building Your Downline At The Same Time!\nWith our Slide Up Viral Adz", "e Marlins, who are almost an actual major league baseball team!\n\u2013That\u2019s five wins in a row, and nine of eleven, for the mighty Redlegs. Cincinnati is now 24-16; they didn\u2019t reach eight games over .500 last year until June 2.\n\u2013Only three teams in the majors have won more games than the Reds.\nMarshall may be the best pitcher on this staff.\n\u2014 Chris Garber (@cgarber8) May 16, 2013\nChapman\u2019s 5th appearance in last 13 games. Only two of those in save situations. #Closer\n\u2014 Joel Luckhaupt (@jluckhaupt) May 16, 2013\nWith Leake\u2019s start tonight, every pitcher who has started a game for the Reds has an ERA better than league average.\n\u2014 Jason Linden (@JasonLinden) May 16, 2013", "Following my initial report earlier today, here are a few more assessments. If you're in the tech world you've probably seen these already, but for those who haven't, the implications are interesting -- especially about the cumulative role of corporate reputation.\n- Robert Scoble explains why the somewhat nerdy/tech-y feel of Google+, compared with Facebook, could actually be a plus.\n- And, in an essay about the meaning of trust and connection in the social media age, Christopher Michael Luna, currently a divinity student at Harvard, says that he prefers G+ because he trusts the company behind it more than he trusts Facebook. A sample:\n>>I trust Google in a way that surprises me. I trust them more than any other corporation I can think of....\nGoogle is currently in a power war with China.... It took a stand, and now it's fighting the Chinese government more strongly on issues of freedom of information and security than any major company I'm aware of.\nOn the other hand, Facebook is talking about complying with the Chinese government's demands in order to enter China, and Microsoft is already partnering with Baidu which was, until recently, the world's most censored search engine....\nI'd like to see Google win this war, and I know who's side I'm on here. I kind of think that leaving Facebook is one way that we can participate in this war.<<\nYou could take this argument too far, but Luna makes a strong case -- and does so in a more interesting blog layout than you usually see. On his \"trust\" theme, my view is: Google errs and oversteps and can seem threateningly large, but in the end it acts as if it has a conscience. So far the record is that Facebook stops only when it is caught. (I welcome contrary evidence or argument, including from my friends there.) Check out Luna's case. Another installment", "r example, if you are reacting negatively to someone trying to\n\"force feed\" you the 12 steps, that does not mean that you might\nnot find at least some benefit in the themes, such as acceptance,\nhonesty with self and ways to deal with lingering guilt that are\nembodied in these steps (which tend to foster a non-\"cranky\"\nattitude). Rather than zeroing in on the flaws in what you hear,\nyou may be able to learn to focus on what ideas do speak to you in\na helpful way.\nIf, for example, someone were recommending Buddhist or\nTranscendental Meditation to you and you found the\nmystical/religious aspect of the process a turn-off, you could\nstill choose to go with the meditative stance and breathing, and\nyou would ultimately see a reduction in a variety of manifestations\nof stress (such as muscle tightness, blood pressure and weakened\nimmune system). In fact, such relaxation techniques (such as those\ntaught at LCL's free, weekly Stress Reduction Group) could also\nhelp you reach a more peaceful, less argumentative state.\nWith regard to the difficulties you are experiencing finding work\n- it's tough out there. (We have a group for that, too.) While your\nalcoholism probably helped derail your career, ceasing your\ndrinking doesn't guarantee employment - it only puts you on more or\nless even footing with your many professional peers who are in the\nSustained efforts at recovery (from mood and personality problems,\nas well as addiction) will open the door to positive change,\nhowever it comes; giving up on yourself certainly will not take you\nanywhere you want to go.\nQuestions quoted are either actual letters/e-mails or\nparaphrased and disguised concerns expressed by individuals seeking\nassistance from Lawyers Concerned for Lawyers.\nQuestions for LCL may be mailed to LCL, 31 Milk St., Suite\n810, Boston, MA 02109; e-mailed to [e-mail email] or called in to (617) 482-9600.\nLCL's licensed clinicians will respond in confidence. Visit LCL\nonline at www.lclma.org.", "When do the Friday Christmas Raffles start and end", "What roles will Adaa and Vineet play in the story related to Naina", "What are some of the mental health issues that Risperdal is used to treat", "What is Septone Hammer Finish suitable for", "Literature: The Regulators\nis a 1996 novel written by Stephen King\nunder the pseudonym Richard Bachman.\nIn the town of Wentworth, Ohio, an autistic boy named Seth has gained power to control the reality around him thanks to the machinations of the sinister Tak into a caricature of The Wild West\nbased off the shows that Seth watches. Creatures from Seth's imagination begin to attack the town and the residents are forced to work together to stop Tak.\nThis work contains examples of:\n- The Alcoholic: Gary Soderson.\n- Alternate Universe: Desperation, another book by Stephen King, is an alternate universe version of The Regulators. It has the same characters, but in different roles (a brother and sister become a married couple for example, with their parents in one book becoming their children in the other).\n- Anyone Can Die\n- Bang Bang BANG: Gunshots are incredibly loud; a sound of a shotgun is described as the sound of \"a detonating backpack missile\". Justified, because the shooters are actually figments of Seth's imagination, made real by Tak.\n- Battle in the Center of the Mind: Between Seth and Tak.\n- Body Horror: Less so than Desperation in which Tak's possession of the body would cause the host to expand and eventually fall apart; here, his possession of Seth is more of the psychic variety. That being said, Tak is unable to possess anyone else but Seth because their minds are too strong. When he tries, their heads explode.\n- Captain Ersatz: The characters of Seth's favorite cartoon MotoKops 2200 are a cross between G.I. Joe and the Power Rangers.\n- Darker and Edgier: To Desperation given that it's written by Bachman.\n- Demonic Possession: Tak's possession of Seth.\n- Eldritch Abomination: Tak.\n- Enemy Mine: In Seth's favorite show, the heroes team up with their enemy to stop a something from destroying Earth. Tak channels this as the final assault on the protagonists.\n- Evil Phone: The Tak-Phone.\n- The Fourth Wall Will Not Protect You: Various television characters from Seth's imagination wreak havoc on the block.\n- Gorn: It's definitely of King's goriest works.\n- Happy Place: Seth manages to create such a refuge for his aunt/guardian Audrey (using a vacation she took in her college days as source material) to give her a way to get away from Tak's various torments.\n- Hypothetical Casting: After Johnny Marinville and his black neighbor, Brad Josephson have a hard time climbing a fence to escape from monsters, Johnny jokingly suggests that they should make a movie called Black Men Can't Climb Fences, where Brad would be played by Laurence Fishburne.\n- Kitsch Coll", "ays think of our needs first and do their best to make it happen. The design went very smoothly, even though we changed it many times using our experience with our other locations. Rosati is always very accommodating and I always know they will do it right..\"\n\"Rosati is top-shelf to deal with. They paid attention to every little detail, so the entire process from construction to hand-off was very smooth. The Rosati team totally delivered on our vision with this project, and surpassed all expectations. We\u2019re very happy with the results..\"\n\"We picked Roasti because they are tremendously experienced. Besides the advantage of working with a local contractor, they build awesome buildings and bring a level of detail that is hard to find. We were trying to customize every detail and we found a contractor with the same beliefs. The team we were privileged to work with has been instrumental in making the project as awesome as it turned out..\"\nDr. Michael Jacobs\n\"We had heard Rosati did good work. Now, we\u2019re the ones who can tell others of our positive experience. We would definitely recommend Rosati \u2013 all the staff is great, from the office staff and the guys doing the work, to the administration and project managers. Everyone is very pleasant to deal with. They don\u2019t forget about you; they make you feel like your job is first and foremost..", "await the fulfillment of the designs of Il\u00favatar. And Aul\u00eb made the Dwarves even as they still are\u2026\nAul\u00eb, however, had his limits. He could make only puppets, for he was unable to give his creations souls of their own. Il\u00favatar, Aul\u00eb\u2019s creator, confronts him with this, and asks if Aul\u00eb wishes to be lord over things that do not have the power of movement or speech unless his thoughts are on them. Aul\u00eb replies:\n\u201cI did not desire such lordship. I desired things other than I am, to love and to teach them, so that they too might perceive the beauty of E\u00e4, which thou hast caused to be. For it seemed to me that there is great room in Arda for many things that might rejoice in it, yet it is for the most part empty, still, and dumb. And in my impatience I have fallen into folly. Yet the making of things is in my heart from my own making by thee; and the child of little understanding that makes a play of the deeds of his father may do so without thought of mockery, but because he is the son of his father. But what shall I do now, so that thou be not angry with me for ever? As a child to his father, I offer to thee these things, the work of the hands which thou hast made. Do with them what thou wilt. But should I not rather destroy the work of my presumption?\u201d Quenta Silmarillion, chapter 2\nI find that a compelling speech. My desire to create things, not in mockery but in celebration of what is, puts me in keen sympathy with Aul\u00eb. Recognizing that his actions were selfish, Aul\u00eb moves to destroy his creations, but Il\u00favatar has already given them souls and they shrink from Aul\u00eb in fear. Il\u00favatar tells Aul\u00eb that he will adopt the Dwarves, but he makes this caveat: \u201cwhen the time comes I will awaken them, and they shall be to thee as children; and often strife shall arise between thine and mine, the children of my adoption and the children of my choice.\u201d Quenta Silmarillion, chapter 2\nThis quote dissatisfies me. It is as if Il\u00favatar has no warmth of love for the Dwarves and takes them on reluctantly. It is something I would like to ask Tolkien about. Is it a shade of his own heart, reluctant to love the Dwarves? Or did he intend it to be part of the Elven slant of the Silmarillion? But knowing a little of Tolkien\u2019s background and faith, there is another possibility. Perhaps he intended the quote to echo another adoption: that of the gentiles in the Bible.\nBeing a gentile, this may explain some of my sympathy with the Dwarves. Il\u00favatar is the father of the souls of the Dwarves, and in giving them souls adopts them as his children. It is interesting, to me, that Tolkien drew some of his ideas of the Dwarven culture (and their language) from Jewish cultures. For, to me, they seem like the Gentiles of Middle-earth. This possibility raises a myriad of questions, none of which I would dare to answer, but I find it intriguing.\nTo sum up: Aul\u00eb created the Dwarves from stone and he intended them to share his creative spirit with its inherent wonders and dangers, to endure and resist the destruction and corruption of Melkor and to love and enjoy the world. Il\u00favatar adopted Aul\u00eb\u2019s creations and gave them souls, making them independent of their original maker, free agents in the world. Il\u00favatar put them to sleep until the other Children should wake, and perhaps from the inherent difference between communal creations and singular creations, Il\u00favatar said that there would be strife between the Dwarves and the other races. That is the background of the Dwarves.\nNext, I will explore the environment that shaped them after their waking.", "rtyrs] sacrificed their lives in order to give us a better life, therefore we will remain faithful to their families, to their children and their children\u2019s families, at any price,\u201d said the Palestinian proclamation, according to the Israeli news website.\nIn July 2018, the Knesset passed a law requiring the Israeli government to deduct tax revenues it otherwise transfers to the PA by the same amount of money as the stipends which the self-rule authority pays to Palestinian terrorists.\nIn March 2018, the U.S. Senate passed the Taylor Force Act into law, blocking American funding to the PA as long as it continues to pay salaries to convicted and deceased terrorists and their families.\nIn November 2019, Palestinian Media Watch (PMW) reported that since 2011, the Palestinian Authority had given the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) over 7 billion shekels ($1.99 billion).\n\u201cSome of that money went directly to PLO member organizations, such as the PFLP, that the U.S., the EU, and Israel have designated as terrorist organizations,\u201d said PMW", "What powers does the autistic boy named Seth gain in 'The Regulators'", "What arguments does Christopher Michael Luna present in favor of trusting Google over Facebook"]}