{"q_indices": [95, 121, 120, 1, 35, 65, 2, 58, 26, 99, 4, 64, 87, 46, 30, 107, 61, 0, 80, 103, 3, 67, 20, 5, 49, 90, 115, 82, 75, 91, 104, 56, 10, 45, 78, 85, 11, 12, 28, 69, 109, 60, 71, 119, 13, 36, 68, 100, 125, 108, 34, 79, 52, 66, 62, 51, 117, 33, 113, 21, 92, 59, 118, 98], "a_indices": [38, 123, 32, 17, 77, 14, 73, 84, 63, 50, 72, 37, 7, 124, 86, 48, 97, 55, 41, 70, 19, 25, 74, 42, 81, 106, 27, 93, 18, 88, 24, 76, 31, 112, 96, 22, 122, 8, 43, 126, 47, 39, 105, 23, 57, 102, 114, 9, 53, 44, 94, 40, 15, 29, 110, 6, 83, 101, 89, 116, 54, 111, 16, 127], "texts": ["What concerns does the individual have regarding cleansing and potential complications", "What kind of breakfast products can be included in the healthy breakfast basket", "What administrative tasks need to be completed before moving, according to the text segment", "What is the release date and title of Jennifer Lawrence's upcoming movie that depicts the life of Joy Mangano", "What has been the general reaction of U.S. bishops to the H.H.S. decision on religious exemptions for contraception in health insurance, and how does it compare to their response in previous years regarding state requirements", "How can I schedule an appointment with a career counselor for review and practice", "having said any of this. Disregard any protestations.]\nMan: What are you writing anyway? Put that damn thing down! You already posted today...\nYou all should hear what the Man thinks really happened. It's pretty funny. But I won't let him have the laptop, and he doesn't know my passwor----\n(We've had wine, and chanterelles...And THERE'S NO SCHOOL TOMORROW!)", "GRAND RAPIDS -- Many professional athletes celebrate championships by going to Disney World, but not Johnny Benson Jr.\nInstead, he came home.\nBenson signed autographs for a steady stream of fans during a three-hour session Saturday afternoon at Kool Toyota on Plainfield, although he arrived without his 2008 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series championship ring.\n\"It's in a safe,\" said Benson, 45, a Grand Rapids native who resides in the Charlotte, N.C. area. \"It's the wrong size, and I have to get it worked on.\"\nIf Benson adds some more bling next year by going back-to-back, it will be with a different team.\nHe announced last fall that he was leaving Bill Davis Racing, about one month before he locked up the championship in the last race of the season at Homestead-Miami Speedway.\nRed Horse Racing\nBenson made a second announcement earlier this month: He and Bill Davis Racing crew chief Trip Bruce will join Red Horse Racing in 2009.\nHowever, Red Horse Racing continues to search for sponsorship as the Feb. 13 season opener at Daytona International Speedway draws closer.\n\"As far as I know, we are going to race an entire season, based on talking to (team owners) last week,\" said Benson, a 1981 Forest Hills Northern graduate. \"We'll see what ha", "th Somerset Council, Cllr David Shopland, said: \"On behalf of North Somerset Council, I would like to express our profound sadness on hearing the news of the passing of His Royal Highness The Duke of Edinburgh.\n\"As a mark of respect, the Union flag will be flown at half-mast at both the Town Hall in Weston-super-Mare and our Castlewood offices in Clevedon throughout the period of national mourning.\n\"Residents who wish to pay their respects should use the online book of condolence organised by Buckingham Palace which will be available on the Royal Family website.\"", "nded from federal, state and private sources constantly growing, Colorado School of Public Health faculty members are progressively researching a variety of national public health initiatives including autism, genetic epidemiology, pediatric diabetes, cancer prevention, environmental and occupational health, community development and urban planning, healthcare policy, nutrition and obesity prevention, maternal and child health, global health, and more.\nOur faculty\u2019s research efforts inform and enrich the education offered to our students while providing continued opportunities for collaboration. These efforts are dedicated to preventing the pressing health problems that confront us daily and strengthen the health of our communities here in Colorado and beyond.\nCommunity & Practice\nSometimes you need to build a bridge in order to make a connection. Public health practice occurs when we take our knowledge, skills and competencies and collectively use them to improve population health. This occurs through organized, strategic, interdisciplinary action. At the Colorado School of Public Health, we strive for excellence in practice so that you have the tools and insights needed to make a difference in our changing world. Our public health practice engages our students and community in life-long education and learning, while our centers provide a full range of services for public health programs including practice-engaged research and evaluation, and convening seminars and symposia on emerging public health issues. We invite you to consider us as your bridge in public health.", "What drove James Phillip Poole to take on the Humvee project despite primarily building food-service equipment", "What was the reaction of North Somerset Council to the death of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh", "How did North Somerset Council express their respect after the passing of The Duke of Edinburgh", "What is the main theme of the first exhibition at the MAAT in Lisbon, and how does it relate to the concept of utopia and dystopia", "rgery). Even former model Janice Dickinson received scrutiny when it was realized that she had \u201cless than perfect\u201d legs. Famous or not \u2013 spider and varicose veins are absolutely nothing to be ashamed of. They are a very common medical issue which can be affected by heredity, pregnancy, and various lifestyle choices. Developing these types of veins may not always be under your control\u2026but it is up to you whether or not action is taken. At Morrison Vein, they can help you gain that confidence back. Within their facilities they offer the combination of education and treatments to help improve the appearance of your veins. Not only will your legs look more radiant, but they will feel healthier as well. This season of spring embrace your beauty inside and out! For more inspiration, visit Morrison Vein Institute. The the new #vFree (vein disease free) questionnaire is now available online or to schedule an appointment for a vein checkup visit www.morrisonvein.com or call: (480) 860-6455.\n-Content provided by Morrison Vein Institut", "Born in Bergamo, Italy, Stefano undertook piano studies with Maestro Luigi Rossi in his hometown, at the Conservatory Gaetano Donizetti. On gaining his diploma, in 1977 Stefano moved to The Netherlands and commenced studies in organ recital at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague. In 1982 he was awarded his final diploma and chose to further his studies under the guidance of Maestro Wim van Beek, qualifying for a masters degree at the Conservatory of Groningen in 1984.\nOn completing his studies, he was awarded a scholarship from the Belgium Ministry of Culture.\nAs a soloist Stefano undertakes an intense artistic schedule, giving concerts in The Nethe", "It's important to note that Al-Saud (the way his name was listed in his NASA bio, now gone down the memory hole like most of jsc.nasa.gov) paid for his ticket.\nBack in those days of flying commercial payloads on the Shuttle, it was possible to pay for a payload specialist seat as part of \"Standard Launch Services\".\n(emphasis mine, scanned from STS Customer Accomodations JSC-21000-HBK, not currently online, in the queue to be scanned and uploaded)\nSee also Rodolfo Neri Vela of Mexico who flew as a payload specialist when the Mexican communications satellite MORELOS-B was launched from STS-61B.\nTheir countries paid for the payload, which included the payload specialist seat, and got to pick who flew.\nWhat they actually did on the flight was of secondary importance. Unfortunately, these missions flew too long ago to have their flight plans posted online, which would be the definite answer of what each crewperson did.\nNote that Spacefacts states\nSultan Salman Al-Saud, the Saudi Arabian payload specialist was not\ninvolved in the deployment activities of Arabsat.\nbut goes on to say\nSultan Salman Al-Saud, the Saudi Arabian Arabsat payload specialist,\ntook part in four scientific investigations: Earth Observation, Phase\nSeparation, Ionized Gas and French Postural Experiments. Salman\nAl-Saud photographed Saudi Arabia during Discovery's daylight passes\nover its southwestern region with a 70 mm camera from orbit. The\nphotographs were be studied by Saudi scientists at the research\ninstitute, the University of Petroleum and Minerals in Dhahran, Saudi\nArabia. They also were compared with previous data from multispectral\nscanner, thematic mapper and radar images (SIR-A and SIR-B). Analysis\ncovered geological features, sand dune morphology, h", "rtments are furnished with local wood and provide a warm and comfortable atmosphere. Enjoy relaxing holiday hours on our mountain farm and try the home-made products. Delicacies from our farm Start the day with a healthy breakfast! Put your own breakfast basket from our home-made products together: - eggs - milk - farmers bread - jam\ninclusive: heating, water, power exclusive: final cleaning, bread roll service\nFacilities / Services\nway: after the Finkenberger Almbahnen drive straigh ahead around the double bend, to the district STEIN/ASTEGG. We are at the end of the street on the left side with the number 521.\nBy submitting this form you accept our data protection declaration. All information can be found in the data protection declaration.\nDestination address for your navigation:\nA-6293 Tux, Lanersbach 401\nPlan your route online:\nThe airports at Innsbruck, Salzburg and Munich are between 90 and 230 km from Tux-Finkenberg.", "By Rameez and 1 other2 authors9 articles\nSettings OverviewUnderstanding how you can manage and change your account, store, and privacy settings.\nGDPR data request at PushOwl\nGDPR at PushOwlA short guide about PushOwl's GDPR compliance\nPrivacy SettingsUnderstanding the impact of different privacy options available to you\nAdding Notification Center IconLearn about the notification center icon (previously known as \"Badges\") shown within Android web push notifications.\nNotification PreferencesUnderstand how notific", "Tag : miracle mop\ntitle : Jennifer Lawrence Looks Up to the Sky in Joy's New Poster\nsummary : Things are looking up for Jennifer Lawrence in the latest poster of her upcoming movie, Joy, scheduled for release on Christmas Day (December 25). Joy, directed by David O. Russell's, chronicles the life of Joy Mangano, a Long Island woman who invited the Miracle Mop and Huggable Hangers, from age 10 to 40.\ndate : Aug 18, 2015 12:24 PM EDT\ntitle :", "What types of materials and topics are covered in the Job Search and Graduate School handouts", "What feedback did the reviewers provide about the installation process and user experience", "ne was installed. Already infected with the corrosive virus of the \"old\" regime, what little feeling of national unity that remained was killed off by the \"new\" regime. Throughout this period, successive governments and their ministries have failed to set up an official archive project that provides the public with reliable statistics about victims in Iraq.\nWere it not for the statistics on the victims of violence in cities that are published once a month by the United Nations in Iraq (UNAMI) and the website \"Iraq Body Count\", which records the number of Iraqis killed, categorises each killing and researches the identity of the victims, it would be impossible to obtain any reliable figures about the phenomenon that is Iraq's rampant violence.\nThe government's opposition to UNAMI's monthly publication of figures about the number of victims, which in December 2016 also included the number of soldiers killed during the operation to retake Mosul, is evidence of the ignorance and boundless incompetence of the authorities. It is a typical example of its efforts to block the publication of reliable figures.\nAgainst the backdrop of the increasing threat of militarisation and the arming of the most diverse groups, the government's opposition makes it patently clear just how much it fears that the consequences of its security policy failures will come to light.\nDeath as the harbinger of a new regime\nOn 10 April 2003, a purge swept through Iraq. Initially intended to eliminate supporters of Saddam Hussein's regime, it quickly developed into an organised but indiscriminate killing machine that hunted down Baathists, members of the security forces and the military, and fighter pilots alike. It also targeted artists and intellectuals, not to mention opponents of the toppled regime who had joined the opposition to the new regime.", "ers, with a map Chance prepared earlier to help people get around, as he hopes to \u201cparty and protest and protect\u201d all weekend.\nIn light of the recent controversy involving race relations in the US, I think we can all hope that the initiative not only works this weekend, but goes even further to improve the homicide rate and race relations in the nation (and the rest of the world). With people like Chance The Rapper at the helm, that could be more than a possibility.", "A look back at Doug Fishbone's Leisure Land Golf.\n|Doug Fishbone's Leisure Land Golf at York Art Gallery|\nI played Doug Fishbone's Leisure Land Golf on two occasions in 2016 and 2017. The first was a round at the New Art Exhange in Nottingham, the second was at York Art Gallery.\n|Doug Fishbone's Leisure Land Golf at the New Art Exchange in Nottingham|\nAs today is Internationa", "The Passengers Release Date and Cast: Jennifer Lawrence To Receive $20 Million, Chris Pratt $12 Million\nsummary : The Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence will receive a whopping $20 million dollars for his role in Sony's much-awaited sci-fi flick The Passenger while his co-star, Chris Pratt of Jurassic World will earn a hefty $12 million dollars. The Passenger due to release in 2016, Hollywood Reporter said.\ndate : Jul 17, 2015 01:45 PM EDT", "What type of outfit did Kareena Kapoor Khan choose for her recent outing, and what accessories did she wear", "Armytransportation.tpub.com keyword after analyzing the system lists the list of keywords related and the list of websites with related content, in addition you can see which keywords most interested customers on the this website\n11. Number of packages. 12. Signature of the ship\u2019s master or his agent. 13. Date on which the goods were received for shipment and / or loaded on the vessel (This must not be later than the shipment date indicated in the export order or the letter of credit document).\nSafe rail, port, and cargo operations are crucial to a successful deployment and require prior planning and training. These operations demand the commitment of commanders and leaders at every level to apply the principles of risk management (see DA PAM 385-30) and en", "What sports did Kaden Saunders excel in during his youth, and how did his switch in focus affect his collegiate plans", "rlands, Switzerland, Portugal, France, USA, Latvia, Germany and Hong Kong. In Italy he has performed the inaugural concert for a number of restored historic organs.\nIn addition to his solo recitals, Stefano has performed as a soloist in concerts with various choirs and orchestras, including \u201cMusica Ragazzi\u201d di Osio Sopra in Bergamo. Stefano established an organ-trumpet duo performing with various trumpet soloists.\nA collaboration with the Dutch radio broadcaster NCRV resulted in the recording of various concerts which were broadcast in their original version.\nStefano authored \u201cMetodo per pedaliera\u201d published by \u201cEdizioni Musicali Carrara\u201d in Bergamo", "What major significance does the 29th edition of the Tour Auto Optic 2000 celebrate", "Kitchen Builders Serve Up Safer Humvees\nBy Capt. Steve Alvarez, USA\nAmerican Forces Press Service\nWASHINGTON, June 17, 2005 If there is a government building here in the nation's capital, said James Phillip Poole of American Metal Fabricators Inc., chances are his company has built its food-service equipment.\nWelder Charlie Denney works on a Humvee windshield frame at American Metal Fabricators Inc., a Prince Frederick, Md., company. Denney, a veteran of the Air National Guard, feels his work is keeping troops in Iraq safe. Photo by Capt. Steve Alvarez, USA\n(Click photo for screen-resolution image);high-resolution image available.\nThe Prince Frederick, Md., company opened nearly 60 years ago by Poole's father has even built kitchen equipment for the Pentagon and more recently for the White House.\nBut Poole's company stands out in another way: If there is a Humvee driving the sometimes mean streets of Iraq, odds are good that Poole's company had something to do with the protection of the soldiers inside.\nIn spring 2004, a military supplier with a long professional relationship with Poole approached him and asked if his company could produce armor plating to frame a bulletproof windshield. The supplier had won a bid to help bulletproof the glass on Humvees.\nThe two companies had worked together on past projects, but never on anything like the Humvee project. The Humvee plan would require that a 100-plus-pound bulletproof glass stay in place if the vehicle hit an eight-inch curb at 80 miles an hour, and it would also have to deflect small arms and shrapnel.\n\"We use a lot of glass to build salad bars,\" Poole said. \"We've done a lot of government work, and some weird things, but none of this I would have imagined from the start,\" he said.\nPoole agreed to give the Humvee project a try, motivated mostly by patriotism, but also fueled by entrepreneurial spirit and boredom.\n\"The norm is just salad bars. What's good about something that isn't normal is that it breaks the routine,\" Poole said. \"You get tired of building the same thing.\"\nAMFAB had begun experimenting with 3-D computer modeling in 2004, around the time the supplier approached them. Poole and his team knew they needed to place a Humvee windshield model into a 3-D modeling computer program.\nThe program they found would help design a windshield frame using the base Humvee 3-D model and specifications inputted by Poole's team. That data would move through multiple computer systems, ending up with a machine that would turn a flat piece of steel into a custom armored windshield frame.\n\"We built one and (the supplier and military) tested it. ... They set a blast off between some vehicles that would blow the v", "AT 6292 Finkenberg\nHoliday happiness at Obereggerhof In the morning a view over the breathtaking mountain scenery of the mighty Zillertal Alps, followed by a refreshing walk in the morning dew ... During the day you can breathe the fresh mountain air, play with the kids on spring water fountains or hike through the mountains and let your soul relax ... In the evening you can finish the day comfortable and watch the sun sets behind the picturesque mountain scenery of the Zillertal Alps ... Welcome to the Obereggerhof! In the middle of the Zillertal Alps, at the foot of the Penken promises Obereggerhof a special holiday. For an active holiday Obereggerhof is the ideal starting point: Directly from our farm hiker can start for many hiking trails of the Zillertal. Many bike tours, from easy to challenging, promise lots of adventure on the Penken. In our spacious and bright apartments you can enjoy moments and relax. All our apa", "What are some remedies mentioned for treating the delicate skin under the eyes", "What type of training is Jonna Tyler providing to the therapists at Ankur Counseling Center in Nepal", "What causes women to feel self-conscious about their legs", "What Indo-European concepts does the exhibition seemingly struggle with in conveying a realistic understanding of societal issues", "ink they are seriously underestimating the damage this issue could do by November. They may have decided that left-leaning Catholics have little choice but to vote Obama (the same is true of course of the pro-choice community) or that the Catholic swing vote is not as numerically important to them in this election cycle as it was in 2008.\nThis would have been an easy call to make on principle alone, given the fact that progressives have no where else to turn in November, especially so soon after the Supreme Court\u2019s Hosanna-Tabor decision gave clear primacy to the free exercise of religion. Perhaps it was made on principle, just not one that the bishops would find agreeable: that with contraception so widely used in American society and with many seeing it as the lesser evil to abortion (even presuming that Plan B and Ella do not work as advertised but as abortifacients) that this new policy on women's \"preventive\" care could not be hamstrung by political window dressing in service to Catholic sensibilities.\nBut if that\u2019s the case, then the administration does not clearly understand the Constitutional implications of its new policy, basing it on what is socially expedient (from its perspective), not on what is constitutionally defensible and I think they will lose if this matter is brought to the Supreme Court. Having taken lefty Catholics along for this truly disagreeable ride (please note the noxious revival of classic American anti-Catholic bigotry this conflict is stirring up on various websites), I think Obama will lose again when the voting booths open. He may win in November anyway, owing to the weakness of the GOP field, but his re-election is not the only thing at issue any longer. This poor call also jeopardizes public support for the Affordable Care Act, which will take years to fully roll out and which may end up the collateral damage in this fight no matter which side \u201cwins.", "In an unusually spirited competition, six people are vying for an unpaid post as a commissioner of south Broward County's tax-subsidized health network.\nA city commissioner, a former city commissioner and three bankers are among those applying to Gov. Jeb Bush to be appointed to the board of Memorial Healthcare System.\nMemorial runs three hospitals and several clinics in its territory south of Griffin Road.\nBanker John Primeau, who has been on the board for eight years, is trying for another four-year term.\nAlthough a Democrat, he is considered business-frien", "avelengths once again. Dean seemed to want to take cover and plan their next move, while Sam wanted to just confront Lilith for good. The two have been butting heads all season long. I'm not sure what I feel about Dean wanting to just leave town and regroup. It doesn't seem like him, but I think he's trying to be smart here rather than scared. Sam looked like he was thinking he was invincible. And you know what? It has seemed like he's invincible at times. But for how much longer is that going to on? And the guy does seem like he's even more hooked on the power the demon blood has been giving him.\nWhat did you guys think about Zachariah being an archangel? Just when Castiel did something truly angelic like helping Dean, another angel did something bad. This time Zachariah came on and threatened Chuck. Apparently Chuck saw something in one of his visions and Zachariah didn't want it getting back to Sam and Dean. After all, \"people shouldn't know too much about their destiny.\" In my perfect world, Sam and Dean's destiny is to save the world together and no one goes dark side. I don't mind Sam sliding dangerously close, however. The way Zachariah acted at the end, well, let's just say it makes it hard to like the angels (except Castiel). What were Zachariah and Chuck hiding?\nWhat I Loved Most:\nThe graphic opening of the show that incorporated elements of the graphic novels. I loved seeing \"Route 666,\" \"Scarecrow\" and others titles of episodes in book form.\nWhen Sam and Dean flashed their tattoos again.\nWhen Sam and Dean were trying not to argue and they kept saying things like: \"it frustrates me when...\"\nRob Benedict was great as Chuck Shurley. He's been on a boatload of TV series and movies. I remember him most from Felicity. I hope we see the prophet again.\nKeegan Connor Tracy played the fangirl/publisher. She also played Karen Giles in Season 2's \"The Usual Suspects.\" She rocked it in \"The Monster at the End of this Book.\"\nI think we've all wondered when and where Sam and Dean do their laundry. It took four seasons but we finally got a scene in a Laundromat.\nCastiel giving Dean a helping hand. Dean was so desperate he prayed. Cas saw this as a sign of faith. At first it seemed like he wasn't going to be able to help Dean save Sam. But Dean's guardian angel came through. That was an awesome moment.\nDean couldn't bring himself to leave Sam. He really looked like he wanted to walk out that door. But there's no way he's ever going to willingly leave his little brother no matter what's going on with him.\nNo recap. It just started on Sam and Dean walking into the comic book store.\nI'm still trying to figure out if the writer's real name \"Chuck Shirley\" means anything.\nLARPing \u2014 I guess this means Live Action Role Playing. I have heard of this. I've never done this so I don't have any idea what this is about.\nThe comic book guy is trying to come up with the names of the demon hunters in the book. One of the names he says is Sal. I know that Eric Kripke got the names for Sam and Dean from Jack Kerouac's\nOn the Road. One of the main characters in the book is named Sal. He just made a slight change.\nThe Supernatural books were in the bargain bin at the comic book store. Hilarious.\nWas Sam supposed to be the one that looked like Fabio on the book cover? I mean, the guy had a long, flowing mane just like Sam.\nCarver Edlund refers to Supernatural writer Jeremy Carver and writer/co-executive producer Ben Edlund.\nDean's favorite songs: Led Zeppelin's \"Ramble On\" and \"Traveling Riverside Blues.\" We may not get to hear actual Zeppelin tunes on this show but at least Dean can refer to them.\nSam's LSAT score was 174. Now somebody please correct me if I'm wrong but the highest someone can get on their LSAT is a 180. So Sammy's brains are for real. Although it also could just be that he tests well.\nFans also often complain that Dean never gets to show his book smarts. Who knew he's heard of and/or read Kurt Vonnegut novels? Dean surprises Sam every once in a while.\nDean ordered a veggie tofu burger, Sam ordered a Cobb Salad. At least we're getting to know a little of what Sam likes to eat. Can't think that that's his equivalent of Dean liking pie.\nThe poor Impala, getting beat up again.\nLilith doesn't live through the war. Good to know...\nSam was kind of scary in the car at the end. He's getting worse, not better.\nIf there's a Winchester gospel then Sam and Dean do something extraordinary. Hopefully this all means they did their job. Let's just hope it doesn't involve anything like the two of them becoming martyrs for the cause (like Lilith's deal to Sam in the hotel room).\n\"I'm full frontal in here, dude.\"\n\"Well screw you, sympatico, we lived it.\"\n\"Everybody wants to read that romance crap. You know, Dr. Sexy, MD.\" (Dr. Sexy = McDreamy????)\n\"If only real men were so open and in touch with their feelings.\"\n\"Well, I don't want any smart-ass articles making fun of my boys.\"\n\"I can't see your face but those are definitely your brooding and pensive shoulders.\"\n\"Well, if you like burgers, Oprah's girlfriend says we have the best bacon cheeseburger in the country.\"\n\"Behave yourself. No homework. Watch some porn.\"\n\"Writing yourself into the story is one thing but a prophet? That's like M. Night-level douchiness.\"\n\"Him, really?\" \"You should have seen Luke.\" (Go, Castiel!)\n\"I am the prophet, Chuck!\"\nWhat did you guys think", ",\u201d she said. \u201cWe\u2019re lucky to have everything we have.\u201d\nShe wanted to help, but couldn\u2019t uproot herself and leave her family for the length of time that would be required. Soon, however, she came up with the idea to provide the training over the Internet.\nThe plan faced some technical hitches right from the start. The counseling center\u2019s one computer was an ancient desktop that struggled to maintain the necessary Internet connection. Maharjan applied for and received a government grant for a laptop computer, which she used to give Tyler a virtual tour of the facility. The Internet problems were resolved, and the training and consulting have been going well ever since.\nAlthough Tyler doesn\u2019t speak any of the Nepali language, all of the therapists at Ankur speak English as a second language, and they work out their communication issues and cultural differences together. Tyler says she has loved the chance to learn more about their country and culture while teaching them about her own. The most rewarding part, of course, is knowing that she is providing a service they can\u2019t get in their own country.\n\u201cI will train them as long as I am needed,\u201d she said. \u201cEducation is a privilege that they often can\u2019t obtain.", "Artificial intelligence is reframing the cybersecurity debate in a major way. Countless cybersecurity experts have started investing more in AI technology. They are focusing more on using AI to improve the security of cloud-based platforms.\nEric Broda wrote an article on this topic in Medium, stating that AI is the future of cloud security. He made some very salient points that should be taken to heart.\nAI is Critical to the Future of Cloud Computing\nCloud computing is the modern way of accessing all the technical services your London-based business requires \u2013 from servers, storage and database systems to networking, software and analytics \u2013 and all through the Internet. Essentially, you don\u2019t procure, install, house and maintain all the usual kit as you once might have done, you just pay to access the services you need. However, even with all the business benefits Cloud computing provides, robust cloud security is imperative. Why? Because cybercriminals are becoming more sophisticated, security threats are constantly evolving and Cloud computing is no less at risk than the traditional on-premise environment. That\u2019s why our topic for this article is the mission-critical importance of Cloud security.\nAI is going to play an important role in these trends. Cybersecurity experts should invest in machine learning technology to address their concerns in the coming months.\nThe concerns surrounding Cloud security that Could Be Addressed with AI\nDespite the increasing popularity of Cloud computing, a report by Bitglass researchers in 2019 found that 93% of organizations are concerned about Cloud security. So, in this blog post we\u2019re going to take a closer look at the subject and how to achieve it. Below you\u2019ll discover:\n- What is Cloud security?\n- How your business can benefit from Cloud security\n- How to secure your data when using the Cloud\n- Protect your data, privacy, compliance and good name\nAI has proven to be invaluable for handling these concerns. The Cloud Security Alliance has a whitepaper on these topics.\nWhat is Cloud security?\nCloud security consists of all the technological solutions and organizational policies and controls utilized to ensure the security of a cloud platform. The purpose of cloud security is to ensure the safety of your data, as well as the cloud architecture itself.\nThis will depend upon your needs, the Cloud provider you\u2019re using and the Cloud security solutions they provide. Note that the implementation of Cloud security processes to protect your data is a joint responsibility between you, as the business owner and your solution provider.\nThe most important objectives of cloud security are listed below:\n- Protect your data in the Cloud, including any Intellectual Property (IP),\n- Protect the privacy and private personal information of your staff and customers,\n- Have a system to ensure regulatory protocols are adhered to (such as the GDPR), and\n- Establish rules to authenticate devices and users accessing the cloud network\nCloud security can be tailored to the exact needs of your business. These needs can cover the countless nuances of authenticating users and restricting t", "hool Resume\nWe invite you to make an appointment with a career counselor to:\n- review your draft documents\n- practice your interviewing skills\nTo schedule an appointment, stop by Craig-Lee 054 or call 401-456-8031.", "Committed to Penn State, ESPN\u2019s #5 senior receiver nationally hopes to make his final season at Westerville South one to remember. The Wildcats have a chance to be REALLY good again.\nWESTERVILLE, Ohio \u2013 When Army master sergeant Anthony Saunders was deployed in Iraq in 2008 and 2009, his wife Sheila would regularly share videos of their son Kaden playing Little League football and baseball. Even at the tender age of 5 or 6 years old, Kaden was developing into quite the little athlete.\n\u201cMost notably, he moved at a different speed than the other kids,\u201d said the elder Saunders, who retired following a 25-year career in the Army and now works in the New Albany schools. \u201cBut it was all the little things that caught my eye, like his route running and understanding of what angles to take. I taught him how to catch a football, but I can\u2019t take a whole lot of credit outside of that. He\u2019s been extremely lucky to be blessed with natural ability and outstanding coaching all the way down the line.\u201d\nAfter being hired as Westerville South coach in 2017, Matthew Christ went to a middle school game to check out the incoming talent. Saunders made an immediate impression.\n\u201cObviously, he was very fast and way ahead of the curve for a kid his age,\u201d said Christ, who went to work devising a spread offense to feature Saunders and other promising young athletes. \u201cWhen he came in as a freshman right off of playing summer travel baseball, initially I was reluctant to put him on varsity. Thankfully, it didn\u2019t long for him to change my mind. He ended up with 1,000 all-purpose yards for us.\u201d\nEven though Saunders stands just 5 feet 10 inches tall and weighs 175 pounds soaking wet, college recruiters long ago took notice of his sublime playmaking ability at wide receiver.\nAfter that banner freshman season, Saunders was floored when Michigan State offered him a scholarship during an unofficial visit. Six other schools from Power 5 conferences immediately followed suit and the chase was on. Eventually, Saunders pledged to Penn State in July, 2020. After briefly reopening his recruitment to consider other offers flooding in, Saunders gave Nittany Lions coach James Franklin a firm commitment last spring and has been actively recruiting more prospects for the nation\u2019s No.1-ranked 2022 class.\nAccording to Saunders, Ohio State did not offer him a scholarship, initially expressing interest in him only as a defensive back, then re-entering the fray after his commitment to Penn State.\n\u201cMy family and I completely trust coach Franklin,\u201d Kaden Saunders said. \u201cHe\u2019s a family-oriented dude who keeps it real. The receivers coach was emphatic about the fact he didn\u2019t care about the height and weight aspect. In fact, all of the incoming receivers are under 6-1. His philosophy is that if you can run and catch, you\u2019ll make plays. He has mentioned that he envisions using me in the KJ Hamler role mostly coming out of the slot.\u201d Hamler is a rookie with the Denver Broncos.\nBy the way, Saunders \u2013 a speedy centerfielder and leadoff hitter \u2013 also received baseball offers from the likes of Ohio State, Notre Dame, Indiana and West Virginia. He batted .414 with 30 runs, 15 RBI and 27 stolen bases in helping South capture its first district title last spring. He plans to graduate in December and enroll early at Penn State.\n\u201cBaseball actually was my first love,\u201d Saunders said. \u201cBut once my recruiting took off, football became my top priority. Originally, I toyed with the idea of playing both sports in college, but I came to realize how difficult it would become. I\u2019d rather be great at one thing than just OK in two. I played my last baseball game for", "med corn (0)\nLime cake, Six-Layer Key Lime Cake with Cream Cheese Icing and Toasted Coconut , Six-Layer\nSt. Patrick's Day, or just search on Corned Beef and Cabbage to find all the recipes you\nSALAD BROCCOLI CASSEROLE DEVILED EGGS CORN PUDDING ROLLS PINEAPPLE CASSEROLE PECAN PIE\nTrusted Results with Jiffy cornbread creamed corn\nResults 1 - 10 of 150 for jiffy cornbread creamed corn. ... Brown onion in butter, mix Jiffy, sour cream, eggs, corn and cheese. Add peppers, ... 45 ...\nJIFFY CORN PUDDING. Melt butter in dish. Put in corn and cream. Mix together well. ... Mix Jiffy corn bread mix as directed ... warm. Makes 10 servings. ...\n1 box Jiffy corn bread mix. Melt butter in dish. Put in corn and cream. ... use 2 cans of whole kernel corn and reduce to 1 cup of Jiffy cornbread mix. ...\nResults 1 - 10 of 129 for jiffy corn bread casserole. ... cream .. eggs ...) 4. CORN CASSEROLE. Mix all ingredients together. Bake at 350 degrees ...\nCORNBREAD CASSEROLE. Cream butter and sour cream. Add corn and dry muffin mix. Bake at 325 ... JIFFY CORNBREAD. Mix all ingredients together and bake at 350 ...\nBETTY'S JIFFY CORNBREAD CORN CASSEROLE. Combine all but 1 cup cheese. Bake with 1 cup cheese sprinkled over the top, at 350\u00c2\u00b0F until top is lightly browned. ...\nMix in corn ... between regular cornbread and spoon bread in texture. ... flour instead of the Jiffy mix, but the Jiffy makes this bread wonderful! ..", "What kind of work does AMFAB do in relation to military vehicles", "What is the significance of Benson participating in the Truck Series this year", "Sam and Dean found out their demon-hunting lives were detailed in a series of books called Supernatural. And what followed was an hour that took the time to pay homage to a little thing called \"fandom\" and furthered along the show's mythology.\nI don't know about you guys but the last couple of episodes have made my head hurt. Maybe not in the way this season of Lost has with its time-traveling ways, but it hurts nevertheless. And when I say hurts, I totally mean it in a good way. In \"It's a Terrible Life,\" Dean and Sam were stripped of their memories all in order for Dean to remember his true purpose in life and to focus on the coming war. It gave us Dean driving a Toyota Prius and Sam working in a cubicle. Crazy, right? Well, in \"The Monster at the End of this Book,\" we were introduced to an author who wrote about Sam and Dean and what they've been through. We're talking everything they've been through. He got everything right. From their mom being killed by a demon to Dean going to hell. It turned out this guy (pen name: Carver Edlund) was a prophet. His specialty was writing the Winchester gospel. Wow, first demons, then angels and now prophets. Who knew we'd get so deep in all things biblical before this season started? I always knew this show had the potential to go there. They went there times a thousand.\nThere was some serious stuff going on, but much of the episode was freakin' hilarious. It was crazy how loud I was laughing while watching this thing by myself in my apartment. This show has always liked to poke fun of itself, of Hollywood, network execs, of basically everything, and the Supernatural fandom was not spared in any way. Some of the more LOL moments were:\nThe Sam Girls/Dean Girls and slash fiction references. I was totally shocked when they mentioned all three of these terms that are common knowledge for anyone that's part of the Supernatural fandom. I couldn't believe this show went there (especially with the slash fiction).\nFinding the small group of fans of the book on the internet Dean noticed they \"sure do complain a lot.\" I was on the floor after this one.\nThe girl that published the Supernatural books had us fans down to the passionate way she talked about the characters, don't you think? She was so emotionally invested in the book and in Sam and Dean that she talked about them as if they were real (she even called them \"my boys.\"). I have been known to do that every once in a while. Favorite line: \"I mean, the best parts are when they cry.\" She dropped references to episodes like they were nothing. I believe she mentioned two of them: \"Heart\" and \"Home.\" I swear at times I felt like I was reading my own column. How many times do I refer back to an old episode?\nI loved the way the books were depicted as obscure. How many times do we say this about the show that we love? How many times do we wonder how we can support the show and get the ratings to go up? How many times do we question why the CW doesn't promote the show enough? I loved the way the books were noted for being an \"underappreciated series,\" having more of an \"underground cult following\" and for never getting the attention it deserved. Chuck Shurley even apologized for \"Bugs\" and \"Red Sky at Morning,\" two of the least favorite Supernaturals in fandom. That was awesome.\nThis whole episode made me realize Eric Kripke and his crew really have read a lot of message boards, forums and fan fiction communities. Is it wrong that it kind of scares me to think that they have read it all? If we hadn't had confirmation before, the dialogue in this one pretty much sealed it. This must have been a cathartic effort as well. The writers could pore anything and everything they wanted into this episode and they did. Although I do think the fans may have needed to receive some sort of writing or consulting credit for this one (I kid, I kid).\nThis season, a complaint from some fans is they haven't heard what Sam has been thinking and feeling. Well, Sam had a revealing conversation with Chuck. He got to say things like:\n\"It scares the hell out of me.\"\n\"I wish to god I could stop.\"\n\"What choice have I got?\"\nThe guy is in such serious denial it's not even funny. Chuck even spelled it out for him:\n\"Sucking blood? You've got to know that's wrong.\"\nChuck also said he didn't even include Sam's sucking demon blood in the books because he didn't want to make him seem unsympathetic. Sam had no idea what he was talking about. I'm glad this show didn't take the same route. Showing Sam on his downward spiral into addiction makes a very three-dimensional Sam for me, even though I don't like it when Sam talks about Dean being different since he got back from hell. Sure, Dean is, but the way Sam makes it seem is that Dean's not going to be strong enough for anything. And that's just not true. He's telling himself all this to make it OK to suck down demon blood. I loved how Chuck tried to make him understand. People have given Sam wake up calls and he's just not taking it. Dean even admitted he thought Sam could go dark side because of the way he's been acting. And he also thought Sam in his state of mind could have given in to Lilith's seductive ways. Was Dean right to feel this way? I understand where he's coming from, although deep down I feel like he knows Sam will never go a hundred percent dark side.\nDean and Sam were on two different w", "In the early morning of 1st April the crews leave the capital and set out to cover 2140 kilometres of French roads. The official start of this incredible adventure is given in at the Linas-Montlh\u00e9ry Autodrome. Over five days competitors do battle on four circuits (Nevers Magny-Cours, Charade, L\u00e9denon and Paul Ricard) and in 10 special stages. This schedule brings the Tour Auto Optic 2000 caravan to Clermont-Ferrand, Limoges, Toulouse and Pont du Gard before its journey comes to an end at the Circuit Paul Ricard.ROUTE\nPorsche Prototypes, the theme for 2020\nEvery year, the Tour Auto Optic 2000 celebrates a make or a model of cars that took part in the history of the Tour de France Automobile. This year, the Porsche prototypes receive all the attention: Porsche 550 Spyder, 356 Carrera Abarth 1600, 356 Carrera Abarth 2000, 904 GTS, 910, 906 and 907.ENTRY LIST", "What type of practices or facilities is the reconditioned Tuttnauer 3870M autoclave suitable for", "n vibrant prints like florals, polka dots and other geometric patterns. Her latest outfit, a leopard print wrap dress, featured a deep V-shaped neckline and subtle frills along its sleeves and asymmetrical hemline. Her eye-catching dress looked sharp enough to pass as workwear, while its tiered skirt made it a flirty piece for date nights. To style it up a bit, Kapoor Khan added two layers of gold necklaces to her busy dress, along with a pair of round sunnies. Given that she wanted to be comfortable for the outing, she went with plain black flats.\nThis bold look from Kareena Kapoor Khan\u2019s off-duty closet may become your favourite piece for game nights at home, or intimate family gatherings. Keep scrolling to find a similar dress available online that you\u2019ll want to wear on repeat", "What beverage and food have they had according to the text", "Where did Stefano study piano and who was his teacher", "Jiffy cornbread creamed corn\nRecipes / Jiffy cornbread creamed corn (1000+)\nCream Corn Soup, ingredients: 1 can cream corn, 1 can tomato sauce (16 ounce. I think), 2\nCornbread, ingredients: 2 boxes Jiffy Cornbread peppers, 1 can cream corn, 1 minced white\nCheesy Cornbread, ingredients: 1 pkg. Jiffy corn muffin mix, 1 egg, 1/2 c. cream corn, 1\nCornbread With Creamed Corn, ingredients: 1 pc 8 ounce package of Jiffy corn muffin mix, 1\nCornbread With Creamed Corn (Also Known As Corn\ncorn, 1 (30 ounce) can creamed corn,lowfat sour cream, 1 pkg. Jiffy cornbread or possibly\nCreamed Corn And Cheddar Cornbread, ingredients: 1 c. Cornmeal, 1 c. Flour, 1 Tbsp. Baking\ns the recipes: Cream Corn and Melon Soup Ingredients & Directions 1 corn (cut into chunks\nkernel corn, drained 1 can cream corn 1 stick melted butter 1 box Jiffy cornbread mix\ncorn kernels add a bite to the cornbread, while the creamed corn\nGroups / Jiffy cornbread creamed corn (0)\ns cuisine (northern Turkey) is based on corn and anchovies. The southeast\u2014Urfa, Gaziantep\nthen, this group is for you! Ice Cream -- Gelato -- Granita -- Semi-freddo -- Sherberts\nICE CREAM frenzy, Frozen treat all year round...screaming to be shared. Creativity\nto do the same - Sugar, gluten, yeast, corn, dairy & artifical FREE!, cook method: Other\nbundt cakes, layer cakes, snacking cakes to ice cream cakes. If you love cakes this is the\nThemes / Jiffy cornbread crea", "The following crime news video comes from the CBS affiliate in New York City. It is about the murder arrest of Edward Brown, who is accused of killing a victim and dumping his body in Glen Cove, Long Island, New York. Nunzio Izzo is believed to be the murder victim. Izzo has epilepsy. But authorities must still make a positive identification.\nIzzo was actually last seen 18 days before this CBS video report. His body was then found at 61 Dosoris Way.\nEdward Brown can be seen on this video seemingly confessing to kill", "id 'How can I get them out and when can I start?' He has more courage than me.\nNow - I have heard that some people have been cleansing for about 6 months plus - Is this safe? The Clarkia website say's that Wormwood is a poisonous herb and should only be used for short periods!\nI really want to achieve 'Optimum Health' I want to be radiant and full of energy etc.. So I plan to do the Parasite Cleanse, kidney cleanse and Liver Flush. I am a little worried though about the complications that could occur... I read on this forum that someone said stones can get lodged between the Liver and Gallbladder or something? Death could occur???? Also whilst doing a parasite cleanse etc... could the critters get caught somewhere dangerous and cause either a stroke or heartattack???\nWhat is this thing about FULL MOON??? How does that affect anything", "What type of art installation was described in the text", "The upturned ark\nA critical reflection on Utopia/Dystopia: A Paradigm Shift, the first exhibition at the MAAT, Lisbon\u2019s brand-new Museum of Art, Architecture and Technology\nThe MAAT \u2013 Museu de Arte, Arquitetura e Tecnologia in Lisbon is devoting the first exhibition to be held in Amanda Levete\u2019s new building to the theme of utopia (taking its cue from the 500th anniversary of the first publication of the book of the same name by Thomas More). But Utopia/Dystopia: A Paradigm Shift (until August 21st) certainly certainly does not take a historical angle. A show that looked back at the past would have seemed out of step with the image the city now wants to give of itself with this new tourist attraction, with its futuristic, undulating terrace overlooking the Tagus, a belvedere onto the river and a place that also offers views on contemporary life and new media. So the anniversary (which actually fell last year) is an opportunity to turn the paradigm we are now witnessing on its head: the transition from that optimistic vision of the future which the inherently hopeful modern world brought with it, to the innate diffidence, if not anguish, with which we now view every headlong advance and all the various new ideas about living in the future.\nThe curators, Pedro Gadanho (director of the centre), with newcomer Jo\u00e3o Laia (who will work alongside him on artistic matters) and Susana Ventura (responsible for the architecture), believe that the utopia/dystopia dichotomy is central to the current debate. In juxtaposing contemporary art works and architectural designs, the selection largely coming from the 1970s and being seen in Portugal for the first time, they want to convey a sense of \u201can age in which everything is speeded up\u201d and where there is a \u201cpermanent sense of crisis\u201d. An age in which the very term dystopia, originally used only to describe works of literature or science fiction, is increasingly being employed to describe the actual world we live in and the failure of urban planning schemes. The five sections, which set out to portray ideal cities, the ruins of modernity, technological dreams, the personal utopia and the current sit", "What assistance does the text offer in preparing an apartment for handover", "What evidence is there against Edward Brown in relation to the killing of Izzo", "What do Sam and Dean discuss regarding their strategies for confronting Lilith, and how do they perceive each other's approaches", "What concerns does the person have about the parasite cleanse", "What did the couple finish watching before having their conversation on the couch", "After weeks of a strict stay-at-home mandate, the city of Mumbai has now begun to open up. Among celebrities that have resumed their outings is Kareena Kapoor Khan. Recently, the actor was spotted taking a stroll on Marine Drive with her family, and last week, she also visited Karisma Kapoor at her Bandra home. This week, Kapoor Khan made a second trip to her sister\u2019s Bandra residence, accompanied by son Taimur Ali Khan. For the casual outing, the actor picked yet another breezy dress that looked comfortable, yet impactful, and topped off her look with a white face mask. Keep scrolling for more details.\nKareena Kapoor Khan styled her dress with a gold necklace and black round sunglasses\nKareena Kapoor Khan\u2019s off-duty wardrobe is filled with elegant midi numbers and shirt dresses i", "How might the administration's new policy on women's preventive care affect the Catholic swing vote in the upcoming election", "What are some factors that can affect the development of spider and varicose veins", "What kinds of collaborations has Stefano engaged in during his musical career", "How much money will Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt earn for their roles in The Passenger", "What are the key aspects of training at the Colorado School of Public Health", "What are Kaden Saunders' individual goals for his senior season in football", "raffic from sources that are likely to be malicious. These rules can be orchestrated and carried out from a single node, which means that you can focus more time on your business.\nHow your business can benefit from Cloud security\nLike Cloud computing itself, Cloud security offers your business a variety of benefits, including:\n- Centralized security\nCloud security has many benefits, one of which is centralization. If your business network consists of many different devices and nodes. They are often used by people working remotely, it can be difficult to administer.\nCloud security enables you to manage these disparate resources all in one place, so you can achieve so much more, quickly and easily.\n- Reduce costs\nCloud computing and security means that it isn\u2019t necessary to acquire dedicated hardware. This cuts capital expenditure, saves space and minimizes administrative overheads. What\u2019s more, Cloud security is \u2018proactive,\u2019 so it\u2019s safeguarding your data 24/7. There is little need to hire a security professional to manage it for you.\n- Less administration\nA reputable Cloud services provider utilizing a proven, robust Cloud security platform means all those tiresome, time and effort consuming manual security configurations, patches, fixes and updates and managed on your behalf.\n- Proven reliability\nThe right technologies can give your enterprise a competitive edge but business continuity delivered by reliable solutions will also keep your team productive and profitable. Cloud computing services are extremely dependable, so your people can access the platform securely in any circumstance.\nHow to secure your data when using the Cloud\nThe fact is, all Cloud models are susceptible to threats \u2013 whether public, private or hybrid Cloud. The more you move your infrastructure, devices and business processes onto the Cloud, the more Cloud security matters. To ensure you benefit from the best Cloud security:\n- Select the right Cloud and Cloud security partner.\n- Make sure they\u2019re using only best-fit, best-in-class, proven and robust security solutions.\n- You and they should implement thorough and comprehensive security policies and procedures.\n- Maintain a strong culture of online and data security amongst your team, through staff training.\nProtect your data, privacy, compliance and good name\nUsing Cloud computing offers your business many benefits. These range from reducing technology and operating costs to enabling remote and agile working. Plus Cloud computing can easily scale and evolve as your business does.\nBut any data breach, damage, theft, leak or loss can play havoc with your finances, customer confidence and hard-earned reputation.\nSo if you\u2019d like to know more about leveraging Cloud computing \u2013 including powerful and proven security features \u2013 why not give London\u2019s go to managed IT support services team a call for a confidential, no-obligation chat about your requirements.\nAI is Crucial for Modern Cloud Security\nYou can\u2019t overlook the benefits of AI in any context. Cloud security is one of the areas that could be most helped by AI advances. Cybersecurity experts should consider this moving forward.", "What campaign is Chance The Rapper relaunching to promote peace in Chicago", "The U.S. bishops this week continued a scorching rhetorical response to the recent H.H.S. decision to maintain a narrow religious exemption for contraception requirements in new health insurance plans, but some reporters have noted a small problem with all the outrage. Primarily its absence in previous years as Catholic employers grappled with state requirements regarding contraception and health insurance. At least 28 states require that contraception be included in health plans; of these 19 states offer some form of a religious exemption and/or secular pass on contraception. What many people are wondering now is exactly what have Catholic institutional employers been doing in states without exemptions. Are some perhaps not even aware of what is in the fine print of their health plans? (I would not be in the least surprised.) Have some come up with strategies that could prove workable at the national level or have they simply acquiesced to state regs as the lesser of two evils?\nThis issue appears to have flown under the radar for a long time, leading some to suspect that the outrage worked up by the bishops this week derives more from a general antipathy to Obama than fury at H.H.S. It could be that many bishops simply weren\u2019t aware of the laws regarding contraception and health insurance in their states until the federal involvement brought the issue to their attention.\nI think it is fair to say that the administration is doing a terrible job of explaining this decision to those Catholics who are striving mightily to remain supporters of the president. Still, it\u2019s hard to believe the H.H.S. call reflects a conscious strategy aimed at reducing religious expression and boxing out the Catholic church as some allege, but the administration is not helping clarify its position with its rope-a-dope strategy, waiting for the bell to sound and hoping I guess that the issue will blow over.\nI th", "Off to new shores? Or back home? It is now time to cancel contracts, terminate the apartment agreement, insurances, memberships etc. and tackle outstanding to-dos.\nA move does not only mean that boxes have to be packed. A move also means: Things of everyday life such as TV, Internet, electricity or heating have to be cancelled, bank accounts closed a", "Job Search and Graduate School Handouts\nResume Job Search Letters (cover letter, thank you and follow-up letters, letter of refusal) Interviewing Job Fairs Networking Dining Etiquette Personal Statement Graduate Sc", "What topics are covered in the understanding and management of account, store, and privacy settings", "l Beer Day it's worth taking a look at the ace beer mat scorecard the course had.\nDoug Fishbone's Leisure Land Golf course first appeared at the Venice Biennale. It then toured the UK for a while.\n|I bought the ace merch on sale at the art pop-up|\n|Branded minigolf merch - always superb to see|\nIt was an interesting art installation and a nice, playable miniature golf course.", "What do you consider to be a beautiful pair of legs? Do you favor them for their length, their shape, or perhaps how they move? Often celebrities are thought to have the most gorgeous legs around. Mariah Carey is glorified for her muscular tone, while Heidi Klum is oohed-and-aahed whenever she struts her long and lean gams on the runway.\nRealistically, everyone has a different perception of beauty \u2013 just as no two sets of legs are exactly alike. What we do all share is the ability to be confident about what makes them unique.\nYour legs represent YOU, and it\u2019s time that you are proud to show them off!\nOne thing that can cause a woman to feel self-conscious about her legs is having spider varicose veins. Some women will even adjust their daily lives in order to hide them. Normal activities such as going to the beach, wearing shorts, and dancing are often missed out upon.\nCelebrities\u2019 legs aren\u2019t always viewed in a positive light\u2013 as they too get unsightly veins. Britney Spears was once criticized when she had them (prior to su", "What role does the Iraqi press play in the reporting of murders and kidnappings in Iraq", "What challenges did Maharjan face while trying to provide training over the Internet for the counseling center", "Why is robust cloud security considered imperative in the context of cloud computing", "Reconditioned Tuttnauer 3870M - Large Capacity Manual Autoclave\nOur largest manual table top autoclave. Perfect for multi-doctor practices, clinics or surgery centers. 15\u201d x 30\u201d", "What are the eligibility criteria for an applicant to apply for the TPUB-i program", "12. Moisturizing Facial\nFor a moisturizing facial that revitalizes your skin from the ravages of dry air and stress, try an avocado face mask. Mash a ripe avocado with a teaspoon of plain yogurt, a teaspoon of olive oil, and a dash of honey. Apply to your clean face and leave on for 15 minutes. Wash off with warm water and pat dry with a soft towel.\n11. Turmeric Face Mask\nTurmeric is a deep golden orange spice with anti-inflammatory properties that can be beneficial when applied topically to your skin. To make a simple turmeric face mask, make a paste by combining plain yogurt, a dab of honey, and a tablespoon of turmeric. Apply to your clean, dry face and leave on for 15-20 minutes. Wash off with warm water. You can experiment with other ingredients in this face mask. Try turmeric mixed with coconut oil for a", "nd insurances terminated, and the apartment has to be made ready for handover again. We would also be pleased to assist you in these tasks: whether in searching for skilled tradesmen to carry out repairs or in terminating contracts.\nWe will also gladly organise a reliable relocation partner at your new destination \u2013 you can rely on our global network", "What evidence suggests the government's incompetence in handling victim statistics following the establishment of the new regime in Iraq", "Tour Auto 2020\nTour Auto Optic 2000\n31 August \u2013 5 September 2020\nThe 29th edition of the Tour Auto Optic 2000 starts from the Grand Palais (Paris) to finish at the Circuit Paul Ricard, via Clermont-Ferrand, Limoges, Toulouse and Pont du Gard. This year, the greatest French historic rally celebrates Porsche prototypes.\nFollowing the various governmental measures linked to Coronavirus COVID-19, Peter Auto and all its partners have decided to postpone the Tour Auto Optic 2000 until September. Thus, the rally will take place between 31st August and 5th September 2020.\nA new route\nEvery year, the Tour Auto Optic 2000 itinerary is renewed to offer spectators and participants alike a new experience. The first traditional rendezvous takes place on Monday 31st August in the Grand Palais and gives the public the opportunity to see all the cars entered for the event.", "Why did Johnny Benson Jr. not wear his championship ring at the autograph signing event", "ation preferences works and how you or your subscribers can access it\nSwitch Store FeatureLearn how you can easily switch between different store's Pushowl dashboards directly from the PushOwl settings menu.\nAdvanced ReportingSee what's new to reporting for web push notifications\u2014 detailed on-page stats, order data, email reports, and customizing attribution.\nCustomize Revenue Attribution WindowRead how you can customize the revenue attribution window for your web push notifications across the PushOwl dashboard", "ZTE MF668 3G USB Modem Specs:\n* HSPA+/UMTS (850/1900/2100Mhz)\n* GSM/GPRS/EDGE (850/900/1800/1900Mhz)\n* HSDPA up to 21Mbps downlink, HSUPA up to 5.76Mbps uplink\n* Memory Storage Capability: Via micro SD card (up to 8GB, not included)\n* Multi-colour LED indicator for real-time service status, technology modes, and error conditions\n* Interface Type: USB 2.0\n* Dimensions (L/W/H): 77 x 28 x 12 mm\n* Weight: 26g\n* ZTE MF668 USB Modem supports Windows 2000, XP, Vista, Mac OS X 10.4 and above\nEasy surf at speeds up to 21.6 Mbps on the HSPA+ network with the HSPA+ ZTE MF668 USB Stick, Download speeds of up to 21.6 Mbps on the 3.5g network, Enjoy hight quality vedios and audios.\n- work wel", "What is the capacity of the chamber in terms of IMS cassettes", "What features can you learn about through the PushOwl dashboard", "Who is the murder victim believed to be killed by Edward Brown in the crime report", "sure Soldiers execute tasks to standard.\nTabung Projek Usahawan Bumiputera-i (TPUB-i) | Credit ...\nEligibility Criteria. Applicant must be a Bumiputera enterprise fully owned (100%) by Bumiputera; Applicant must have a project / contract from government, government bodies and agencies, statutory bodies, government owned companies and private companies with Net Shareholders\u2019 Fund more than RM20.0 mil and the company has been in operation more than three (3) years without losses recorded ...\nInfo!Website Keyword Suggestions to determine the theme of your website and provides keyword suggestions along with keyword traffic estimates. Find thousands of relevant and popular keywords in a instant that are related to your selected keyword with this keyword generato", "Counseling alumna trains therapists from halfway around the world\nSeptember 16, 2011\nBy Tim Belter \u201913\nAnkur Counseling Center in Katmandu, Nepal, does all it can to help children in its area, despite its limited resources. Director Chhori Maharjan and her team of therapists provide counseling and therapy to children rescued from slavery and sex trafficking. Recently, they heard about play therapy and thought it could do wonders for their children, but they had no way to receive training.\nLuckily, help came from halfway around the world. Jonna Tyler \u201995, a Bradley counseling graduate, occasional Bradley instructor and therapist with the Antioch Group in Peoria, provides play therapy training and consults on therapy cases for Ankur every week via Skype.\nAfter Bradley LEHC Chair Dr. Chris Rybak visited the center, he asked Tyler for her help in providing play therapy training. She had the necessary experience as a registered play therapist supervisor and the founding director of Antioch\u2019s child clinic, but she also had an emotional attachment. Tyler had adopted her daughter from Guatemala and knew the plight of children in poorer areas of the world.\n\u201cThings are really different in other parts of the world", "Who are the individuals vying for the position of commissioner on the board of Memorial Healthcare System", "An inexorable tide\nThere are no exact figures on the number of murders and kidnappings committed in Iraq; the authorities there are not interested in the long-term documentation of this kind of bad news, which has become a daily occurrence. For its part, the Iraqi press only really pays attention to such matters when there is a major public outcry. When they do, they initially \"have no choice\" but to relay the official version of events as related by the authorities, before subsequently replacing this version with a story dictated by their financial backers, who are either politically affiliated to them or allied to certain militias.\nThis \"story\" is then disseminated via the social networks, which mechanisms ensure that every event is only touched upon superficially, before being buried beneath an avalanche of new stories. A never-ending stream of new stories not only sates the hunger for sensationalism, but also stokes tension between the different religious denominations, fanning the flames of agitation that may ultimately lead to kidnapping and murder.\nA hotbed of crime\nIraq \u2013 whose famous two rivers, the lifeblood of the country, are slowly drying out unheeded \u2013 has become a hotbed of crime, where murder and its subsequent justification has developed into a dubious art.\nIn this chaotic mire of violence and crime, the state and the authorities have degenerated, directly reflecting the ugly face of populism and sectarianism, thereby turning Iraqis into the victims of the ever-expanding machinery of death. They lack both the deeper knowledge and the discernment that would allow them to understand the connection between terrorism, social violence, and their causes with relation to the countless victims involved.\nFourteen years have passed since Saddam Hussein's regime was toppled by an occupying power and a \"new\" o", "Me again, msully. Still can't get my head around this parasite cleanse business. It's the nose thing that puts me off the most - Hey does everyone get worms out of their nose? EEEEK And what about coughing them up - surely that could be a possibility?? How do you guys get your head around doing the parasite cleanse? Aren't you all scared out of you wits???? It makes me itchy just thinking about it!!!\nI have evaluated my health and realise that it has been going down hill a little. I have hayfever in the summer, never used to in the past. I have tiredness most of the time. My joints sometimes aches and they definatley click. My ears are always itchy but was told this could be lack of omega fats.\nI know that I'll end up doing the parasite cleanse program, first I have to pluck up the courage. I told my son about it (he's only 12) He sa", "What experiments did Salman Al-Saud participate in during the spaceflight involving fluid separation and thruster plume analysis", "What specific design elements does Kareena Kapoor Khan's leopard print wrap dress feature", "What types of research initiatives are being pursued by Colorado School of Public Health faculty", "moisturizing mask that leaves your skin soft and supple. Be careful to keep turmeric away from your clothing, as it can stain.\n10. Under Eyes\nThe delicate skin under your eyes can be the first place to reveal the ravages of exhaustion, dry air, and inflammation. You may be accustomed to sipping a cup of joe in the morning for the benefits of caffeine to your system, but you can also treat your skin to the topical benefits of caffeine. Try Real Food RN\u2019s recipe for a Caffeine Eye Serum using coffee grounds, almond oil, and castor oil. Another tried and true antidote to puffy eyes is to use cool slices of cucumber. Slice up a cucumber, place one chilled slice on each eye, and relax for 15 minutes. The vitamin C of the cucumber can rejuvenate tired skin cells and folic acid can stimulate antioxidants in your skin.", "uation,reveal that: Lucio Costa and Oscar Niemeyer played down a massacre of workers which occurred during the construction of Brasilia; that in Mozambique it is quite possible to make home furnishings out of the remnants of the wars that devastated the country for decades; that if we were to replace the young human figures featured in Superstudio\u2019s historic collages with images of the western world\u2019s increasingly elderly populations they would look pathetically ridiculous; and that sophisticated 3D scanners can also be used to appreciate the value of abandoned places and not merely to justify the approval of major civil engineering projects.\nThe exhibition seems to be trying to intimidate us, in order to force us to adapt to the new reality. In conjuring up a mental image rather than giving answers, it seems to lay bare the weariness to be found in recent art, its inability to go anywhere beyond straightforward condemnation, a stance that may well be justified in the case of young artists who are just starting out, but which appears wholly contradictory when adopted by rich art dealers and their million-dollar installations. That begs the question as to whether the exhibition has perhaps not really understood the pragmatic, realistic character of the 16th-century text. \u201cFaithful to the humanist tradition, More\u2019s work set out to educate through enjoyment, unite morals and knowledge, and provide a pleasing and eloquent description of social otherness,\u201d wrote Bronis\u0142aw Baczko, the foremost utopia scholar. Surely the investigations of this European who became a citizen of Stalinist Poland, but whose name does not appear in the catalogue bibliography, would have been of use in delving further into the specific nature of reformist plans, the way they presented \u201crules\u201d, rather than \u201cmodels\u201d, to borrow from the title of a book from some years ago. That would have been a useful way of getting out of the mainstream, away from the phantasmagoria of images of indignation, but it would also have left visitors with less time to enjoy the view over the river, out on the terrace of this kind of upturned ark, in Belem.\nAbitare \u00a9 All rights reserve", "What are some key benefits of using Cloud security for a business", "Where did the author play Doug Fishbone's Leisure Land Golf in 2016 and 2017", "All round good guy Chance The Rapper has once again proved he is the nicest face in hip hop, and is relaunching #FaithInAction \u2013 a campaign that kept Chicago murder-free for 42 hours on the same weekend last year (Memorial Day Weekend). Taking into account that there were 456 homicides in Chi-town last year, 42 hours is a pretty solid effort.\nTo keep the peace, there will be a plethora of community activities including block parties and shows, as well as prayer corn", "chamber accommodates longer instruments or a large number of small instruments. Capacity for 15 full size IMS cassettes. 1 year parts and labor warranty.\nSterilizer Stand Table", "What is the theme for the 2020 Tour Auto Optic 2000", "What types of recipes involving corn does the text mention", "What series of books details Sam and Dean's demon-hunting lives and explores the concept of fandom in one of the episodes", "Cut to close-up of couple on couch. Woman & Man have just finished watching a sappy, overrated, totally predictable yet irresistibly sob-worthy movie.\nMan: I'm sorry Ryan Gosling will look like that when he's old.\nWoman: Shut up. You're just jealous.\nMan: Of what? I totally look like that with my shirt off.\nWoman: Whatever. You're an idiot.\n[Note: Man denies", "ing Izzo. At least, he said he was sorry to the family. There is other evidence, according to the prosecutor. Brown allegedly took some of Izzo\u2019s jewelry and pawned it off at a local shop. Despite that, Patch says that the motive is not certain at this point. Brown and Izzo had known each other, and it is being speculated that an argument may have actually led to the killing. Suspect Edward Brown seems all too willing to talk to the media and police. So there is a good chance he will tell them exactly what happened.", "ehicles apart,\" Poole said. \"The windows held up through the test and (the military) started to order them, and we've been doing it ever since.\"\nThe military had a quick turnaround requirement for the windshield frames and the deadline was tight, only several weeks to deliver more than 1,000 kits.\n\"We were starting to get real busy in the commercial food equipment business and we had to work some overnight shifts,\" Poole said, noting that in the spring and summer time his employees like to vacation and participate in recreational activities. But when he asked his team to work on the Humvee parts, \"everyone was volunteering to work over the weekends.\"\n. Since last year, nearly 8,000 vehicles have received AMFAB's bulletproof Humvee kits, Poole says. Nearly 3,000 this year alone have shipped to the supplier and to units in the field.\n\"Everybody wants to help the country. Some of us are too old to go serve, so this is the least we can do,\" Poole said.\nOnly six persons in the 100-employee company work on the Humvee windshield project. More than half are veterans of the Army, Marine Corps and Air Force. According to Poole, some work only a few hours a day on the Humvees, while welders have been working steadily on the Humvee frames for two to three months. The rest of the time is devoted to creating the company's main source of income - custom kitchen equipment - that earns AMFAB more than $10 million yearly.\n\"It makes me feel good,\" said employee Jim Taylor. He said he served in the Marines for four years, wishes he could re-enlist, but he's \"too old\" now. \"I can't go over there. It's a good thing that we're doing something to keep them safe over there.\"\nPoole's son, Jimmy, was in the Army's 82d Airborne Division and served four years as a radio operator. He said the military veterans in the shop feel this is their way of still doing their part.\n\"Everyone in here is really enthused about doing this. It feels good to have something to do with it,\" the younger Poole said.\nSoldiers in Iraq have written AMFAB and expressed their gratitude to the company. One letter from a lieutenant, Poole said, credited AMFAB's windshield kits for protecting his soldiers from injuries in small arms and improvised explosive device attacks.\nAnother soldier wrote and sent pictures of his team's damaged Humvee. Soldiers inside survived the IED attack, which destroyed most of the vehicle except for the windshield and door window frames built by AMFAB that shielded the soldiers from the blast.\n\"It feels like you're doing something to save lives,\" said Charlie Denney, a welder at AMFAB and former Air National Guardsman. \"I know we've had to save some lives putting in these windshields.\"", "What is the maximum downlink speed that the ZTE MF668 3G USB Modem supports", "At the Colorado School of Public Health our expert faculty and dedicated students are quickly changing the way public health professionals train and address the complex health issues spanning countries and cultures. Located in the heart of the Rocky Mountain West, we are rising to new elevations in pursuit of a healthier region and world. We redefine the ways that you approach public health issues\u2014working across systems to prevent and mitigate the impact of disease and injury.\nUtilizing our advanced resources and knowledge, we\u2019ll train you in the latest technology and science critical to understanding the factors impacting the public\u2019s health. Whether in the classroom or community, at the Colorado School of Public Health you will develop an identity as an emerging leader\u2014dedicated and prepared to improving health, ensuring sustainability and protecting the safety of people locally, nationally and globally.\nAs an accredited and collaborative school of public health, our students take advantage of academic and professional degree programs offered at three premier Colorado university campuses. Across our three universities partners, our faculty and students are engaging with diverse programs, specialty focus areas, and more than 170 individual courses designed to provide a comprehensive understanding of the issues relevant to improving and protecting the public's health. The Colorado School of Public Health offers more than 42 different concentration areas that prepare our students for a meaningful and exciting career in the public health industry.\nWith research grants fu", "What are the elements required to document the acceptance of goods for shipment", "l Review by Wiblishouser\nQuality Price Value\n- Good Review by Platon\nValue Quality Price\nSet up good\nspeed good for my uses\noverall very good\nkeep it up\n(Posted on 7/14/11)\n- Good seller Review by aap0403\nPrice Value Quality\nIt is the activation, registration and accessing the account processes which gave me problems. This may have been due to NOT removing the previous post paid installation before installing this product.\nI found the process confusing; not intuitive; and the data from the earlier installation only made things worse.\nmodem3g.com could ease this confusion by advising to remove previous installations first or doing it as part of the new install.\n(Posted on 6/30/11", "What ingredients are used to make a moisturizing facial with an avocado face mask", "What activities did Sultan Salman Al-Saud participate in during his flight as a payload specialist on the STS mission", "What are the hopes associated with Chance The Rapper's initiative over the weekend concerning race relations and the homicide rate", "What activities can tourists engage in while staying at Obereggerhof", "Who are some individuals mentioned in the text along with their roles or titles", "North Somerset Council pays tribute to Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh\n- Credit: PA\nThe chairman of North Somerset Council has expressed his 'profound sadness' on behalf of the authority on hearing the news that Prince Philip, The Duke Of Edinburgh, has died today (Friday).\nThe Royal Family has released this statement: \"It is with deep sorrow that Her Majesty The Queen has announced the death of her beloved husband, His Royal Highness The Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.\n\"His Royal Highness passed away peacefully this morning at Windsor Castle.\"\nChairman of Nor", "dly and has some GOP support, which may count with the Republican governor. His term expires on June 30.\nWilliam Armstrong, a Pembroke Pines city commissioner for 22 of the past 25 years and a retired IRS employee.\nKathy Durham, of Davie, a branch manager of SunTrust office in Davie.\nLaura Raybin Miller, executive director of the Development Corporation for Israel Bonds office in Sunrise.\nSusan Pennetti, of Davie, branch manager of the Bank of America office in Plantation.\nTerry Santini, of Davie, a former vice mayor of the city and an accountant in Hollywood", "ppens. I will be happy with whatever they want to do, whether it's a full season or partial or whatever the deal.\n\"A lot of it depends on sponsorship. But they made it sound like we are going to run the full season, with or without it. That was exciting to hear in one aspect. And on the other, it makes for a lot more work this year.\"\nA history lesson\nBefore winning the Truck Series title by seven points over Ron Hornaday Jr., Benson had won Berlin Raceway Late Model (1989), American Speed Association (1993) and NASCAR Busch Series (1995) championships.\nBut this will mark the first time Benson returns to a series and attempts to defend his title.\nHe moved up in ranks after winning each of his previous championships.\nIt was clear by Saturday's turnout that Benson will have plenty of hometown support in his quest to win two in a row. He will try to become the first Truck champion to repeat in the series that dates back to 1995.\n\"It's always exciting to come home, but probably more so this year because they can all call you champion,\" Benson said.\n\"That's kind of a cool deal. It's great to come back and see the race fans who have supported me during my run for the championship. I have to thank Kool Toyota for getting me out here today.", "What are some ingredients used in the Jiffy cornbread creamed corn recipes mentioned in the text", "Bo Jackson Elite Black last month and I got kind of emotional afterward. But I\u2019ve not a new focus new and am really excited for football season. We\u2019ve got a chance to be really good again.\u201d\nSaunders is coming off a monster junior season in which he made 45 receptions for 946 yards (a 21-yard average) and scored 15 touchdowns for a team that was ousted by eventual Division II state runner-up Massillon Washington 45-36 in a regional semifinal to finish 7-1. He had nine receptions for 169 yards and two TDs in that game and, at defensive back, held ballyhooed Ohio State-bound receiver Jayden Ballard to one catch. On the way to his first-team All-Ohio season, Saunders also amassed more than 300 yards on rushes, kick and punt returns.\nGone from an offense that scored 46.6 points per game are first-team All-Ohio quarterback Peter Pedrozo (2,622 yards, 30 TDs) and two members of a talented four-headed receiving corps. Running back Brandon Armstrong (741 yards, 11 TDs) and two stellar offensive linemen, Tyler O\u2019Reilly and Nick Carpenter, and rangy big-play receiver Javi\u2019er Wills, however, return. Senior Latrelle Palmer and sophomore Dominic Birtha are competing to replace Pedrozo.\n\u201cOur top priority is to get the ball out in space, on time, and let the receivers make plays,\u201d Christ said. \u201cWe\u2019ve got a running back who averaged nine yards a carry and probably the best line we\u2019ve ever had coming back, so if we have to run the rock while our quarterbacks get comfortable, we can do that. Regardless of how things shake out, I\u2019m sure we\u2019ll come up with plenty of ways to get Kaden the ball.\u201d\nSaunders, who was hand-time timed in 4.31 seconds in the 40-yard dash at the Best of the Midwest Combine in Indianapolis in February and was clocked 4.4 numerous times electronically, enters his senior season with dazzling accolades. A consensus four-star prospect, he is the No. 3-rated senior player in Ohio (Ohio State-bound linebackers CJ Hicks of Kettering Alter and Gabe Powers of Marysville are just ahead of him) and No. 10 receiver in the U.S. by 247Sports.com. ESPN.com tabs him as the No. 5 receiver and No. 29 player overall.\nA team player through and through, Saunders said his only individual goal is to top 1,000 yards receiving. But he expects to contribute as a runner, returner and defensive back as well.\n\u201cOne thing I\u2019m especially proud of is that Kaden is the best teammate one could ask for,\u201d Anthony Saunders said. \u201cMy experience in the Army has rubbed off on him in terms of hard work and discipline. I\u2019ve pounded into his head that you might be the best soldier or the best receiver in the room, but you\u2019re not bigger than the team.\u201d\nThe Saunders family apparently comes from an impressive gene pool. Eldest daughter McKenna was a softball standout at Colgate before transferring to Ohio State to finish her degree. Kaden\u2019s younger sister, Marissa, captured a Division I state title in the 100-meter hurdles in June with a time of 14.05 seconds, fifth best in the nation among sophomores. She will certainly be a hot Division I recruit.\nAfter his official visit to Penn State, Kaden proudly posted a photo on his Twitter account of he and Marissa donning Nittany Lions uniforms. They train together at Plus 2 University under Eric Lichter, who served as Director of Football Performance at Ohio State under coach Jim Tressel.\n\u201cMarissa and I are really close, and for us both to go to Penn State, that would be a dream scenario for me and for my parents,\u201d Saunders said. \u201cBut having gone through the recruiting process myself, I would encourage Marissa to do her own thing, and I\u2019m sure she will. It\u2019s fun to talk about, though.\u201d", "ydrogeological\nfeatures, turbidity in the Red Sea, urban areas and forestry.\nanother experiment, two liquids which do not mix on Earth were studied\nin microgravity. They were referred to as \"phases.\" Using Phase\nSeparation Experiment hardware developed at the NASA Marshall Space\nFlight Center, Salman Al-Saud placed various concentrations of Saudi,\nKuwaiti and Algerian oils mixed with water in a hand-held, transparent\nPlexiglas container with 15 chambers, each having a small metal mixing\nball. He shaked the container and mount it in front of a fluorescent\nlight, then photograph the separation and record his observations [sic].\nIonized Gas Experiment (ICE) required that Sultan Salman Al-Saud,\nusing the Orbiter Discovery's TV cameras, recorded thruster firings in\nspecified configurations to study the mechanics of thruster plumes and\nthe degree off Ionization produced. This experiment was part of a\nSaudi Arabian student Ph.D. thesis at Stanford University. Purpose was\nto assess the thruster plumes effect on operations measurements and\ncommunications associated with space vehicles. The data obtained also\nwere analyzed at the university of petroleum and Minerals for a better\nunderstanding of the impact of gas particles on solid surfaces. Salman\nAl-Saud also photographed the Arabsat satellite's rocket engine\nSalman Al-Saud assisted French payload specialist Patrick\nBaudry in the postural Experiment on the adaptation mechanism of the\nsensory motor activities. This included posture stabilization and\norientation and the role of vision in posture control and reflex\nmechanisms that stabilize the retina. Requiring about 3 hours, the\nexperiment was performed before, at the beginning, during the middle\nand last day of flight two times a day."]}