{"q_indices": [77, 66, 17, 7, 59, 85, 121, 112, 21, 113, 10, 69, 107, 6, 122, 27, 65, 43, 103, 39, 106, 60, 63, 70, 37, 2, 45, 53, 40, 52, 1, 67, 0, 84, 46, 115, 20, 93, 32, 89, 16, 64, 81, 50, 14, 34, 71, 88, 76, 74, 13, 123, 55, 86, 73, 118, 110, 49, 62, 56, 19, 24, 91, 125], "a_indices": [3, 124, 54, 36, 8, 100, 116, 25, 5, 68, 126, 97, 119, 30, 22, 61, 90, 75, 104, 58, 99, 11, 57, 29, 31, 94, 48, 83, 47, 41, 80, 51, 120, 79, 98, 82, 12, 15, 28, 108, 117, 33, 109, 101, 105, 114, 102, 26, 38, 4, 127, 111, 35, 72, 78, 23, 96, 95, 9, 92, 42, 18, 44, 87], "texts": ["What year was 'Pocket Primary Care' published and what is its primary purpose", "How did Michael Lockhart's childhood experiences influence his decision to break the generational curse in his family", "What issue has caused Hyundai to recall 194,000 Elantra compacts from 2011 to 2013", "Read this tip to make your life smarter, better, faster and wiser. LifeTips is the place to go when you need to know about MADD - Mothers Against Drunk Driving and other DUI topics.\nDid you know that MADD lobbied for your right to make a courtroom statement as the victim of a DUI offender who has moved into the sentencing phase? Underage drinking, teen drunk driving, and other DUI or DWI cases now offer a constitutionally protected right for you, the victim, to deliver a victim impact", "2/Badur Trojan\nRegRun Security Suite Platinum 22.214.171.124 - A powerful tool kit against Trojans, rootkits, spyware, adware components.\nW32/Blocker Free Trojan Removal Tool 1.0 - This free virus removal tool will detect and remove W32/Blocker Trojan\nW32/AutoIt Free Trojan Removal Tool 1.0 - This free virus removal tool will detect and remove W32/AutoIt Trojan\nNamo AV - Free Antivirus 1.1 - Namo AV - India?s Own Free Antivirus for Windows based PC protection\nSecuraLive Antivirus 126.96.36.199 - SecuraLive Anti-Virus Ultimate Protection\nComodo Antivirus 7.0.317799 - Free Comodo Antivirus detects and destroys malware and viruses\nComodo Internet Security 7.0.317799 - Award-winning Comodo Firewall and Antivirus protection for PCs. Free for life.\nAdvanced SystemCare Ultimate 188.8.131.525 - Advanced SystemCare Ultimate 7 protects and speeds up computers in one package\nBest Antivirus Software a13.7 - USB Blocking, Crash Proof are features incorporated in Protegent Anti-Virus\nAudio & Multimedia Business Communications Desktop Development Dwg to pdf Education Dwg Converter Games & Entertainment Graphic Apps Convert PDF to DWG Home & Hobby Network & Internet News Security & Privacy Servers System Utilities Web Development Others\nCopyright \u00a9 2000 - 2014 FreeSharewareCenter.com - Freeware and Shareware Download Center.\nAll Rights Reserved", "Hi, I am a newbi for Lisp programming. But i got finish of this project which i am doing. I need your help please.\nI have server which is written on LISP. The server itself works fine. The problem which I have is if my client sends a string data to the server. The server can read just one char. That is when i use read or read-line functions. There is no effect at all on passive sockets. Here is a snap of my code which I am facing problem with:\nThanks a lotCode:(defun RouteServer (&key (port 9259)) (let ((p (socket:make-socket :connect :passive :local-port port :reuse-address t))) ;; Accept the conne", "What educational requirements must be completed before applying to a Doctor of Pharmacy program", "How did the pro-Brexit EU referendum result impact the bitcoin price in June", "- Admissions Home\n- Meet the Staff\n- Quick Facts/Tuition and Fees\n- Campus Life/Housing\n- Community Info/BCF's Location\n- Financial Aid\n- Mission and Accreditation\n- Campus Crime Report\n- Schedule a Visit\n- Apply Now!\nOffice of Admissions\nThe Baptist College of Florida\n5400 College Dr.\nGraceville, FL 32440\n(800) 328-2660 ext. 460\n(850) 263-9026 Fax firstname.lastname@example.org\nNon-degree Seeking Applicants\n- Must submit a completed application\n- Official high school diplomas or equivalents are required. Official transcripts must be sent directly from their points of origin to the Office of Admissions.\n- ND students lacking the appropriate transcript can be admitted temporarily for the first semester. Students who fa", "1 of 1(100%)reviewers would recommend this product to a friend.\nCustomer Reviews for Inlaid Flowers\nReview 1 for Inlaid Flowers\nDate:May 13, 2013\n\"My fiance and I decided to use this enclosure card to give our guests the scoop the day of the wedding as far as our recption. So, we were able to give the address and details on our reception but then listed our wedding website at the bottom so our guests could view our site with regards to anything and everything for ou", "What is the main theme of the exhibition 'The Formalists' by Suzanne Galazka and Jay Bastian", "orts fan, cheering on her beloved Red Sox and the UConn Huskies women\u2019s basketball team. Dorothy also loved to travel, joining friends on bus trips or visiting family and friends. In her later years, she enjoyed her trips to Maine with family, especially the nightly golf cart rides around the community where she said hello to everyone she passed.\nDorothy is survived by her son C. Rand Golletz (Morna McEver) of Laytonsville, Maryland. and her daughter Jacqueline Golletz (Dona Siscavage) of Middletown, Connecticut, and her special longtime family friend Jane Palaski and the Palaski family.\nBurial will be at the convenience of the family. In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to Cat Tales, P.O. Box 901, Middletown, CT or Stepping Stones Shelter, 1070 Copperstone Ct, Rockville, MD. To leave an online message of condolence, leave a memory or a photo, please visit Dorothy\u2019s memorial page at www.Obrien-FuneralHome.com", "Leighton Meester Marries Adam Brody; Former Royal Hairdresser Talks Kate Middleton's 'Do: Top Stories\nLeighton Meester and Adam Brody are married! Plus, former royal hairdresser Denise McAdam dishes on Kate Middleton's perfect tresses: See Us Weekly's top stories from Tuesday, Feb. 18, in the daily roundup.\nGossip Girl would have a field day with this one! Less than three months after news of their engagement went public, Leighton Meester and Adam Brody have married in a super-secret wedding, multiple sources confirm exclusively to Us Weekly.\nWhile the rest of the world continues to gush over Kate Middleton's long, luxurious, and flowing tresses, there's one person who thinks there's room for improvement: former royal hairdresser Denise McAdam.\nAs John Travolta celebrates his 60th birthday on Tuesday, Feb. 18, the actor is sorely missing his late", "What actions do people take when complimenting curly strangers in public", "What are some ways to use a wall organizer in a dorm room", "son Jett. During a recent onstage interview at the Theatre Royal Drury Lane in London (published by the BBC on Feb. 17), Travolta called his son's death \"the worst thing that's ever happened in my life.\"\nTwenty-three down, three to go! The seventh episode of The Bachelor's 18th season whittled the field down to four, and all but one of those ladies will be going home before this whole \"aventura\" is over. With just a few weeks to go before the finale, things are getting serious -- and seriously ugly in some cases.\nShe didn't quite reach her goal. In the March issue of Self, Julianne Hough revealed that she wanted to be single for a year after splitting from Ryan Seacrest back in March 2013. Multiple sources confirmed to Us Weekly on Monday, Feb. 17, however, that the 25-year-old Rock of Ages actress is currently dating hockey player Brooks Laich.", "What items can you store in an Altoid container for camping preparation", "What caused the bitcoin price to surge this morning according to the text", "what we\u2019re gonna do throughout the week.\u201d\nLeach then did something unprecedented: He chose to publicly humiliate the young men he was hired, with many millions, to instruct. Last time we saw anything like what Leach did Saturday, Arizona State coach Frank Kush ran on the field during a game (late 1970s) against Washington at Husky Stadium and slapped his punter, which led to a lawsuit, which Kush lost.\nReporters, as per custom, requested to speak to some specific Cougars players after the blowout in Salt Lake. Leach would have none of it. Instead, he first made his offensive line assemble as a unit and meet the media to explain how, for example, it had allowed quarterback Jeff Tuel to be sacked five times in the first half and six for the game.\nAfter Leach\u2019s offensive linemen were trotted out like suspects in a police lineup, Leach made his defensive unit face the media music and explain how Utes running back John White battered the Cougars for 101 yards on 18 carries while a freshman quarterback completed 17 of 21 passes.\nMost coaches opt to keep their beefs with players behind closed doors. Former UW coach Don James, for example, chewed on players, but he did it privately, in a setting where no player had his ego or self-esteem demolished in public.\nBut Leach apparently is of the mind that public ridicule is the tack to take. One of Leach\u2019s best players, Travis Long, couldn\u2019t make it through the defense\u2019s face-the-media session, reportedly bolting away in tears.\nLeach, who has been criticized for his play calling, shouldered blame for Washington State\u2019s dismal performance, saying, \u201cOur effort today was pitiful. It starts with our coaches, with me in particular.\u201d\nBased on the way the Cougars played Saturday, it\u2019s easy to see why Leach was angry and upset. But he seems to think he can insult and embarrass the Cougars into becoming a better football team.\nGood luck with that.\nWe don\u2019t think that playing a modern-day Frank Kush, who treated his players like alley curs, is the right approach, and that Leach made more of a negative spectacle of himself than his players did. But that\u2019s just what we think. What do you think", "What did Washington State coach Mike Leach say about his team's performance after the loss to the Utah Utes", "When did Leighton Meester and Adam Brody reportedly get married", "What issue does the user face with the LISP server related to string data from the client", "Vermont National Country Club, is a Private, 18 hole golf course located in South Burlington, Vermont.\nVermont National first opened for play in 1998. The course was designed by Jack Nicklaus.\nAlthough a private facility, there are some options that allow outside play. These include reciprocal club play, play by guests accompanied by members, and play by visitors to the region staying in certain Burlington hotels:\nAt 5,156 yards from the front tees and 7,035 yards from the back tees, the par 72 championship course at Vermont National offers endless variety.\nFrom a gently rolling fr", "ith excellent outcomes in attendance, foot traffic, stress reduction and morale.\nAfter a chair massage, the client feels energized, rejuvenated, valued and relaxed. It can work wonders for your body, your mental state and your sense of well-being and happiness.\nBenefits of Chair Massage for Employees\n- Lowers anxiety\n- Increases circulation\n- Boosts immune system\n- Lowers blood pressure\n- Relieves muscle pains and headaches\n- Decreases stress\n- Improves sleep quality\n- Generates more flexibility", "What ultimately guided Mike Leach's decision to publicly confront his team after the loss against Utah", "tch request to waraulol: versus crossover by ~Drawloverlala on deviantART\nBy now everyone knows of Grolla Seyfarth's overall similarities to Zero from the Mega Man games, so eons later here's another Grolla & Zero art, this time from Drawloverlala. This time Zero is based on his Mega Man Zero appearance, and a couple of the details in Grolla's design and colors could be improved on, but this still remains a concept ripe for expanding on, placing the characters of Rosenkreuzstilette next to their original design influences.\nMerry Christmas - Eifer Skute by ~Tsukikage100 on deviantART\nI chose to showcase this one as it's appropriate for the time. Tsukikage100's art of Eifer in red, meant to represent Christmas. A little rugged in some areas, but still a cute image by any means.\nNext time will be back to pixiv.", "someone's face, adjust the size and placement of the mustache, and then take a picture. You can also place The Lorax mustache over an image you already have on your device.\nSharing the fun with friends is super simple. The Lorax app gives you the ability to post your fun image directly to Facebook or Twitter. Users can also share their images with their friends and family with the Postcardin' feature. The Lorax app comes with two free Postcardin' shares.\nGet in on the fun. 'Stache your friends. 'Stache your family. 'Stache yourself. The Official Lorax App 3.0 is available worldwide through the App Store in the Entertainment category.\nvia PR Ma", "What type of terrains are included in the Vermont National golf course", "There are some books published every year that have a visual impact, books that say, \u201cpick me up and read me!\u201d One look at Roly Poly: Phanta\u2019s Story, and you can see why this is one of those books. The book has a strong visual sensibility, beautiful colors, and a style influenced by cyberpunk and the washed sheen of a well-executed commercial. Daniel Semanas, an animator from Brazil who works for MTV among other clients, brings the styling of his primary artform to comics in this debut graphic novel from Fantagraphics.\nThe story of Roly Poly: Phanta\u2019s Story is about a young woman in a competition with her brother to become more popular. In her quest to live life \u201con hard mode\u201d in Neo-Seul, she enters an arcade-like underworld to obtain \u201cwishing stars,\u201d a sort of hallucinogenic drug that also grants its user their wishes. Phanta gets what she wants, but must fight her way back out of the underworld if she wants to keep her wishing stars and gain the popularity she so desires.\nClearly inspired by the styling of k-pop and video games, Roly Poly combines elements from both in its formal construction. Roly Poly has an eye for formal deviation, and the results are often pleasing. Semanas uses some inventive graphic design to do wordless storytelling, using image feeds, fact sheets, and contents of backpacks to give readers information they wouldn\u2019t otherwise have. There are some interstitial pages that look like loading screens, while others give loadouts on character possessions. Meanwhile during a long stretch of fight scene that takes up the better part of the book, Semanas breaks down traditional paneling in inventive ways.\nThe entire book is drenched in video game motifs and there are a lot of social media references; Instagram is the most clearly referenced throughout, and that platform\u2019s reach throughout the book forms the backbone of what is clearly meant to be a story about anxiety caused by the connectedness of social media.\nWith that in mind, Roly Poly moves and breathes more like animation than a comic, and its pacing is such that getting through the book is quick, almost breezy. Juxtaposed against the book\u2019s lush backgrounds and detailed illustration, the storytelling is minimal, at best a vehicle for Semanas to keep the action coming and not stop to take a breath. And to be clear, Semanas\u2019 art in this book is breathtaking; his candy color palette and striking setting design are remarkable. But the work isn\u2019t written or designed to let the eyes linger on the page. Semanas relies on visual cues and graphic design to deliver information, which works to some degree. But without dialogue to hold the eye in one place, the pages fly by.\nWith a nonstop action and very little dialogue, Roly Poly has the consistency of cotton candy (that\u2019s not a positive, if you\u2019re wondering). Semanas\u2019 character writing is the most atrocious sin of the bo", "reflect in\nevery server. Application consists of write/read/delete operations,\nCurrent writes each day central server 1million.\nOnly 1/1000 need to be distrubuted acrross servce rest need to be in central server.\nHow can we achive this ? solution needs very much real time data accepting nework lags.\nCollect all changes in other 49 server into 1 central server(How can we collect data)\n49 keeps updating data into local database from central server(Using Repliation Can b", "e a pharmacist, it is necessary to earn a Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D.) degree from an accredited college or school of pharmacy.\nBefore applying to one of these programs, applicants must complete at least two years of higher education, preferably with a focus on math and science courses. Many schools also require applicants to take the Pharmacy College Admissions Test (PCAT). After completing the Pharm.D. degree, students may choose to do a one or two-year residency or fellowship program to receive further training. This can increase job opportunities, as most hospitals require their pharmacists to have completed such training.\nPharmacists must pass the North American Pharmacist Licensure Exam (NAPLEX) in order to become licensed before they can begin working.\nIn some states, prospective pharmacists are also required to take the Multistate Pharmacy Jurisprudence Exam (MPJE) which tests knowledge of pharmaceutical law.\nSalary, Benefits, and Opportunities for Advancement\nAccording to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median earnings of US pharmacists is $106,410. Salary.com reports the mid-50% earnings range of pharmacists to be $101,533 to $113,300. Payscale.com reports that a pharmacist with one to four years experience earns $68,796 to $101,205, while a pharmacist with twenty or more years experience can expect $94,008 to $120,025.", "CAR TALK: Nearly 1.9 million Hyundai and Kia cars and SUVs from the 2007 through 2011 model years.\nBAD SWITCH: About 1.7 million are being recalled to replace faulty brake light switches. The bad switches can stop the lights from illuminating when drivers press the pedal. Also recalled a", "What motivates the main character in Roly Poly: Phanta's Story to enter the arcade-like underworld", "will disappear. Mosquitos hate the smell of sage and will flee from it. Most people actually really like the smell of sage so it\u2019s a win-win for them because the smell is great but the mosquitos hate it. You\u2019ll be able to hear yourself think again without hearing the constant high pitched buzzing of the mosquitos.\nPre-Scramble Your Eggs\nEgg cartons take up a lot of room when you\u2019re trying to save space. Instead of trying to fit in an entire carton of eggs, scramble them and put them inside an empty water bottle. A water bottle is a lot easier to find a spot in the cooler for instead of an entire carton of eggs. Then when you want to cook your eggs, all you need to do is pour the bottle out. You won\u2019t have to crack any eggs and it\u2019ll save time.\nMake Toothpaste Drops\nPut little drops of toothpaste on a plate and let them dry for 2-3 days. Then sprinkle some baking soda over them and pop them off into a ziplock bag. This makes it really easy to brush your teeth on the go. Grab a drop of toothpaste and your toothbrush and you\u2019re ready to go. Or if you forgot your toothbrush you can just grab a toothpaste drop and swish it around your mouth with some water.\nThese camping hacks are bound to make your life just a little easier. You\u2019ll be surprised at how much time and effort these camping hacks save. You\u2019ll have a more successful camping trip because you\u2019ll be prepared for all the problems that you might face. We all know that being prepared is one of the most important things when you go camping. These camping hacks will always help you be prepared for what could happen, and when you\u2019re camping so many different things can happen.", "What are some of the suggested uses for a wall organizer in a dorm room", "GET YOUR GROWLER AT THE LEMON CREEK BREEZE IN.\nCome check out our state of the art Growler Station. The freshest growler of beer you can buy anywhere in Juneau! Our Growler Station purges the oxygen from the container before filling for longer lasting and great tasting beer\nWhat\u2019s on tap? Check out our Growler Station Express below\nHave an iPhone or iPad? Make sure and grab \u2018The Beer Wizard App\u2018\nCan I bring in my own growler? Yes, as long as it is designed for the purpose of containing draft beer, is in serviceable condition, is translucent enough to see-thru when filling and is clean and dry when you bring it in.\nHow long will my filled growler keep for? That", "les Hayter, chief executive and founder of CryptoCompare.\n\"This is another Brexit situation that muddies waters on the international stage. USD:BTC markets are trading at a premium to CNY:BTC [Chinese yuan to bitcoin] markets \u2013 a reversal of recent trends where the yuan devaluation has been driving price moves.\"\nClinton conceded the presidency around 7.45am this morning, after AP called the election in Trump's favour.\nIn June, the pro-Brexit EU referendum result wiped more than $100 off the bitcoin price", "What problem prompted the recall of nearly 1.9 million Hyundai and Kia cars and SUVs from the 2007 through 2011 model years", "|Home Software category Just in softwares Submit a program Contact us Link to us|\nHome > Security & Privacy::Anti-Virus Tools > WebPost Tools 220.127.116.112\nWebPost Tools 18.104.22.1682\nRemove viruses, spyware, diagnose and repair many common problemsCompany: WebPost Network\nPlatform: Win2000,WinXP,WinVista,WinVista x64,Win7 x32,Win7 x64\nSize: 12652 KB\nPrice: USD $0.00\nRelease Date: 2011-08-02\nScreenshot URL: http://www.cgiconnection.com/WPTools.jpg\nCategory: Security & Privacy::Anti-Virus Tools\nWebPost Tools contains all of the necessary tools to diagnose and remove many common problems such as viruses, spyware, malware, hard dive and memory failures, Internet connection problems, and much more. It's great for home use, or a portable, no installation, all-in-one diagnostic tool for running on your client's machines. No more downloading files from separate sites. One progam does it all!\nantivirus tools spyware removal malware removal diagnostic tools winsock malwarebytes avast superantispyware\nWebPost Tools Related Titles:Max Spyware Detector 3 Users 19.0.2.043 - anti virus, anti spyware, anti malware, adware remover, anti rootkit\nFree Windows Vulnerability Scanner 4.5 - Protector Plus Free Windows Vulnerability Scanner for July 2014\nW32/Badur Free Trojan Removal Tool 1.0 - This free virus removal tool will detect and remove W3", "What does the article suggest about confirming details with the store", "What are some common strategies to alleviate hot flashes during PMS, perimenopause, and menopause", "varies from woman to woman. Perimenopausal symptoms can last from months to years, and can range from an inconvenience to a downright problem.\nMenopausal Hot Flashes\nThe best known symptom of menopause is hot flashes, even though there are plenty of other potential physical, mental, and emotional menopausal symptoms. There are also potential medical problems like heart disease and osteoporosis that occur more in older women, after menopause. But when you feel like someone\u2019s dunked you in hot water ten times a day from the inside out, it gets your attention pretty quickly!\nThe medical definition of menopause states that it begins after you have gone an entire year without a period or menstrual cycle. However, since symptoms often begin in perimenopause, the symptoms of menopause may begin well before you actually enter menopause.\nDifferent Drugs for Hot Flashes\nDrugs for hot flashes are usually reserved for the most severe cases, though they are usually the most effective symptomatic treatment. Of course, your doctor would have to help you decide if this is the right course for you.\n- The SSRI antidepressant/anti-anxiety medication Paroxetine\u00ae (Paxil\u00ae) has been proven effective for the treatment of menopausal hot flashes. Antidepressants are also used to treat the emotional symptoms of PMS and PMDD. Individual responses to SSRI medications\u2014like all treatments\u2014vary.\n- Birth control medication (low-dose oral contraceptives) is one of the most common prescription treatments for PMS and PMDD symptoms, including hot flashes.\n- Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT), now sometimes referred to as Menopausal Hormone Therapy (MHT), is an effective but controversial treatment for menopause and hot flashes. It is the gold standard for effective medication for hot flash symptom relief according to the mainstream medical community. Unfortunately, for at least a generation it was advocated and marketed by large drug companies as a kind of panacea for menopause that would build bone, protect the heart, lower cancer risk, and relieve hot flashes and other symptoms. After some 40 years of such promotion, unbiased researchers discovered that most of these claims were false, and that it appeared that HRT increased the risk of breast cancer.\n- Further research over the past ten years has shown that short-term courses of Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) of three years or less do not increase cancer risk in women who are at low risk of cancer to begin with. Your doctor or health practitioner can help you determine your cancer risk profile, and help you decide whether you need HRT/MHT for your menopausal hot flashes.\nHot Flashes Can Be Normal\nHot flashes\u2014whether they are premenstrual, perimenopausal, or menopausal\u2014can be normal, and not a sign of disease or of anything seriously wrong. They are really just symptoms of a passing, temporary disruption of your brain chemistry and hormones. They can be incredibly uncomfortable, inconvenient, and frustrating, for sure. But we\u2019d suggest that they don\u2019t necessarily have to be considered a medical, and medicalized, syndrome.\nA hot flushing sensation that affects the face and upper body is, in fact, something nearly everyone of every age experiences, whether from stress, anger, embarrassment, panic, and other strong emotions. Unfortunately, women\u2019s hormonal hot flashes often come on for no apparent reason, making them that much more uncomfortable and disconcerting.\nThere has been a movement now for some time for women to call their hot flashes power surges, as a way of saying that perimenopause and menopause is a rewarding time of life, and that age and experience are strengths to be embraced. Power surge sounds more empowering than hot flashes, and is meant to indicate a feeling of control and strength, rather than a medical symptom. Perimenopause and menopause are just as natural a process as is getting your period. However, whether you call them hot flashes or power surges, they can make life miserable, and treating them can feel like an absolute necessity.\nReal, Natural Relief\u2014So You Can Feel Great All Month Long\nPMS and PMDD misery aren't always taken seriously enough by doctors, family, and\nfriends. At PMS Comfort, our whole purpose is to empower and educate you about premenstrual\nsymptoms, and to provide real, natural relief so that you can feel great all month\nlong. Our all-natural doctor-designed programs are based on decades of experience\nhelping thousands of women recover from what you've been going through. Our Herbal\nRelief formula, when combined with our diet and lifestyle guidance, addresses more\nthan just your symptoms\u2014it can help bring your body and mind back into balance,\nand help you get and stay healthy. Plus, we're here to support you, every step of\nTo learn more about your PMS and PMDD symptoms, take the\nPMS Comfort quiz. Or, start feeling better today,\nfor as little as 89 cents per day.\nWe want to help. Give us a call at\nus an e-mail, or\nsend us your question", "Should a football coach \u2014 or any coach \u2014 publicly humiliate his players, as Washington State coach Mike Leach did Saturday in Salt Lake City? Vote here.\nRarely does a football coach go off like Washington State\u2019s Mike Leach went off Saturday after the Utah Utes, not exactly a club that wakes the echoes, demolished his Cougars 49-6. Leach said the Utes \u201ccould have beat us by 100,\u201d then went Vesuvius on many of his players.\nLeach is prone to the verbal smackdown, his colorful history of skewering players dating to his days at Texas Tech. He\u2019s brought that penchant to Washington State and has been liberal with his zingers as his team struggled through loss after loss (now 2-7 and ineligible for a bowl game). Leach has been particularly critical of his senior class, holdovers from the Paul Wulff era.\nEarly in the season, Leach ripped some of his seniors for \u201cpouting\u201d and having \u201cpoor body language.\u201d He later characterized his seniors as \u201cempty corpses\u201d and \u201czombies.\u201d\nFollowing a near upset of Stanford slightly more than a week ago, Leach seemed to think the Cougars were finally on the verge of a breakthrough. But after the Utah calamity, Leach came unglued anew.\nRanting for seven minutes post-game, Leach tore into his players, calling them names, calling their manhood into question, ridiculing their abilities, and belittling their collective character. Among other things, Leach said:\n\u201cA part of it is effort, and some of it borders on cowardice.\u201d\n\u201cOur five (offensive line) couldn\u2019t whip their two. Sometimes they brought two. If our guys went into an alley and got into a fight with two of theirs, we would have gotten massacred. That\u2019s just ridiculously inexcusable.\u201d\n\u201cThe worst of it was, it wasn\u2019t even knowing who to block. It was just refusal.\u201d\n\u201cIt was one of the more heartless efforts I\u2019ve ever seen, and our D-line wasn\u2019t any better.\u201d\n\u201cThat could have been a zombie convention.\u201d\n\u201cSome of our players just want to punch the clock.\u201d\n\u201cWe\u2019re going to have a lively spring, I\u2019ll tell you that. There\u2019s some individuals that aren\u2019t going to be here next year. When we get off the plane, as coaches we\u2019re going to meet and figure out", "What are the reasons participants play poker in home games according to the text", "You are currently browsing the tag archive for the \u2018Seventh Street Books\u2019 tag.\nAfter those lovely few days of food and friends in San Carlos, I went to San Jos\u00e9 and on Monday morning met up with Wolf and Lucky. We dropped off books at Seventh Street Books with Marc, one of the owners who has been very helpful. We also left books with a couple of other chain bookstores who will hopefully decide to carry Walking with Wolf and place an order soon.\nWe spent an hour and half with Alex Leff, the reporter from Tico Times, the English weekly newspaper. He was very generous with his time and asked a lot of great questions that kept Wolf and I talking (HA! As if we needed help\u2026) We walked with him and the photographer up to a park to take pictures that looked like we were surrounded by greenery. It will be interesting now to see how the photos and the story come out, but we both felt that Alex was truly interested in the book and the material and hopefully that will show up in his article.\nWe also left books with William Aspinall who owns the Observatory Lodge at Arenal. He was the director of the Monteverde Reserve when I first came in 1990 and happily took books to sell. It was great to see him after all these years.\nMonday evening, I went and saw the recently released movie The Incredible Hulk. I had been an extra when it filmed in Hamilton last September. They had built a large false set that was meant to be Brooklyn in a couple of empty lots in downtown Hamilton. On the same block was scaffolding around the reconstruction of an old stone building that will be the first rooftop patio bar in the city, I believe it is called the London Tap House, and the filming included this construction site. Although I didn\u2019t see myself, there were a few minutes in the movie that came out of that whole week of nighttime shooting that we did \u2013 and I\u2019d say the London Tap House got as much screen time as anything else. Not my kind of movie, but I\u2019ll still probably have to check out the DVD and scan the scenes where I\u2019m running the streets to see if I can pick myself out in the crowd. It is fascinating to have participated in and seen how they make these movies.\nWe came back up the mountain yesterday to be here for today\u2019s presentation of Walking with Wolf at the Monteverde Cloud Forest Reserve. Since the maintenance crew and the forest guards were all in the forest the day of the community book launch, we felt it was only right to do something with them and the other employees of the Reserve where Wolf has worked all these years. The director, Carlos Hernandez, once again was very supportive in enabling as many of the workers to be there as possible, and Mercedes Diaz, who has been unfailingly helpful for the last year in keeping Wolf and I connected by internet, organized the event. Our heartfelt thanks goes out to both Carlos and Mercedes for the support they have given us.\nBelow: Luis Angel Obando, Head of Protection\nSome other members of the community came as well as some of the guides who take people on nature hikes in the forest. Even the reclusive biologist, Alan Pounds, who plays a big role in the chapter on the golden toads, showed up. There were probably about forty people. It was as touching and poignant as the community book launch had been. It feels like family there, even for me, who only spends a part of each year here and only some of that at the Reserve. For Wolf, it has been his home away from home for many years. Many of the staff has been there a long time, like the Obando brothers, Lionel and Luis Angel, and the Brenes brothers, Miguel and Jose Luis. Much of the staff changes, new younger faces appear, yet there is a sense of history there and they are all very aware of the role Wolf has played in the development of the Reserve that now furnishes them with their jobs and the area with its beautiful protected forest. He is an elder in this community, an entertaining and dedicated figure that people don\u2019t always understand but look up to and respect and thoroughly enjoy.\nSince I knew that we would do the presentation in Spanish and it didn\u2019t make sense to do a reading in English, I had thought that it would be good if we asked anyone there if they would like to share a story of walking or working with Wolf. So that was part of the program. Carlos introduced me and I gave the story of the beginnings of the book in the longest Spanish public talk I have ever given. I\u2019m very comfortable with this gang, many of whom I\u2019ve known since I came here, so stumbled my way through, knowing that they would be generous with their understanding of what I was trying to say. I don\u2019t think I did too badly in the end (fortunately I\u2019m far from a perfectionist, so speaking strangely in any language doesn\u2019t bother me). We had the pictures showing on the screen as we had at the other presentation, many with folks from the Reserve, and of course people love seeing themselves and each other, so that was a great backdrop.\nBefore Wolf spoke, Carlos presented him with two plaques, one in English, one in Spanish, each with a picture of him and a summary of his story. Wolf\u2019s son, Carlos, had asked me a year ago if I would write a short background on Wolf for something, and this is what appeared on the plaque in English, then translated in Spanish. These will hang in the restaurant of the casona at the entrance to the Reserve so that visitors will always be able to read about Wolf\u2019s role in the preservation of these woods. Wolf was very touched \u2013 he was also given copies for his house. Carlos also gave him a beautiful wooden walking stick with an \u201cI love Costa Rica\u201d glass ball on the head of it. It was all very appropriate and kind and a really wonderful gesture to Wolf from his co-workers. I can\u2019t overstate how much I appreciate Carlos Hernandez\u2019 constant and respectful generosity to both Wolf and our book project.\nThe administrative assistant, Marjorie Cruz, then stood up and presented me with a beautiful arrangement of tropical flowers with thanks for the work I\u2019ve done to record Wolf\u2019s story. That was very much a surprise to me and, once again, very nice of them.\nMostly keeping his tears in check, Wolf spoke about his years of developing the Reserve and working with the Tropical Science Center, the satisfaction he gets of seeing the young staff carrying on his work, the thrill of watching the guides teach visitors about the flora and fauna, and the fact that it takes a community to do such great things. He is always humble when he speaks about his contributions.\nWolf\u2019s son Ricky with his son Francis on his lap\nMarjorie than asked if anyone would like to share their own experiences and several people stood up and spoke \u2013 some with stories, some just expressing their gratitude to Wolf for the work he has done, some stating how glad they were that his stories and history have been recorded while he was still alive and able to see the book in print. They all expressed, in different ways, the realization that what they were doing today came from Wolf\u2019s hard work and gentle ways and that this would live on forever both in the spirit of the preserved forest and the pages of Walking with Wolf. Wolf\u2019s son Ricky, who hadn\u2019t been able to be at the other presentation, was there today and took the opportunity to stand and publicly embrace his father.\nMiguel Leiton\u2019s son, William, also spoke of the great relationship between his family and the Guindon\u2019s and how his father was there today in spirit; Adrian Mendez, an employee of the Reserve since he was a teenager, now a professional guide, also spoke of the role Wolf had played in influencing the direction of his life.\nWilliam Leiton on right, with the elusive Alan Pounds in the blue\nWe laughed a lot, soft tears were shed, great stories were shared, then coffee and treats were had by all. We took a group picture of the Reserve staff, although some had already left to get back to work and others had been left behind to run things while the rest p", "What achievements did Jessica Little accomplish in 2023 and how did she become involved in soap box derby racing", "How many different looks did Eva Longoria showcase at the ALMA Awards", "PMS Hot Flashes\nPMS Hot Flashes\u2014and Perimenopause and Menopause\nIf you have ever experienced a hot flash, then you know how unpleasant, bewildering, and inconvenient they can be\u2014and sometimes, even debilitating. If you haven\u2019t personally experienced a hot flash, but have been around women in various stages of life who have, you likely witnessed frantic hand waving as a friend or loved one attempted to fan herself to relieve the overwhelming heat and distress.\nHot Flashes: Defined\nHot flashes have been described as sudden feelings of warmth by the Mayo Clinic that produce reddened skin with a blush-like appearance, usually appearing over your face, neck and chest. Rapid heartbeat and profuse sweating frequently accompany hot flashes, and are sometimes followed by chills or feeling chilly.\nHot flashes that occur at night are called night sweats, and are especially bothersome when heavy, drenching sweat, which can soak you, your pajamas, and your bedding, accompanies them. Of course, they\u2019re also likely to wake you up, even out of a sound sleep. Some women have to get up and change their clothing, and even their bedding, after a night sweat. This can prove disruptive not only to you and your sleep cycle, but also to anyone sharing your bed.\nMedical science still doesn't fully understand the causes of hot flashes, but the research so far suggests a causative role for both brain chemistry and hormones. Brain chemistry and hormonal fluctuations seem to contribute to changes in the way your hypothalamus functions. The hypothalamus is part of the brain but also directs much of the activity of the brain, and of your endocrine, or hormonal, system. The hypothalamus has a large role in regulating body temperature, which may be why hot flashes occur with the hormonal changes associated with PMS, PMDD, perimenopause, and menopause. The sudden withdrawal of estrogen, more characteristic of perimenopause and menopause than PMS and PMDD, may be a chief culprit in hot flashes.\nHot Flashes: Strategies and Treatment Options\nThere is more than one way to try to treat hot flashes, but three main categories of approaches. The first are the practical and DIY tips; the second is the medical, or drug, approach; the third, which we we\u2019ll discuss in another article, is natural treatment of hot flashes.\nThese practical, DIY solutions are more likely to work if your symptoms are more of an annoyance, rather than truly disrupting your life:\n- Since stress is a factor in hot flashes as well as PMS, work on managing your stress.\n- Regular exercise may help, at least in part by relieving stress.\n- Cut back on caffeine, which increases stress and makes hot flashes more likely.\n- Cut back on hot drinks, spicy foods, and alcohol.\n- Dress in layers and layer your bedding, and keep a fan by the bed.\n- Practice calm, measured breathing when you feel a hot flash coming on.\nNow let\u2019s define the different types of hot flashes that impact women: premenstrual hot flashes (yes, premenstrual hot flashes), perimenopausal hot flashes, and menopausal hot flashes.\nPremenstrual Hot Flashes\nHot flashes are normally associated with middle-aged women who are approaching menopause or whose monthly cycle has ceased. However, sometimes much younger women can experience the discomfort of hot flashes, especially with premenstrual syndrome (PMS) or its more severe form, premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD).\nThis comes as a surprise to many people who hadn\u2019t realized that hot flashes can happen to younger women, or that this hot flashes can be part of PMS rather than menopause. If you also experience premenstrual bloating, cramping, fatigue, and/or irritability in addition to hot flashes, then your hot flashes are probably part of PMS. Of course, hot flashes can be part of the spectrum of PMDD symptoms, since PMDD is really just very emotionally severe PMS.\nPerimenopausal Hot Flashes\nPerimenopause is the transition phase your body goes through as it approaches the cessation of your monthly cycle and thus, menopause. During this time, as your ovaries begin to exhaust the supply of eggs, or ova, in which you were born, the levels of the hormones estrogen and progesterone, that are released along with those eggs, drops dramatically. We have more basic information on a woman\u2019s hormonal and menstrual cycle.\nPerimenopause can begin anywhere from age 35 to 50, though for the majority of women it doesn\u2019t truly begin until their mid- to late-40s. The symptoms of perimenopause range from mild to severe menopausal symptoms such as hot flashes, vaginal dryness, problems with sleep and memory, mood swings, decreased sex drive, as well as irregular periods. But, as you may have noticed, there is a lot of overlap with PMS symptoms: mood, memory and brain fog, sleep, and hot flashes can all be part of both syndromes. Because menopause tends to receive more attention than PMS and PMDD, perimenopause is often assumed to have more in common with menopause, but in fact it", "CLAIM TO FAME\nJessica Little, 10, was the winner of the stock-car class of this year's Chattanooga Area Soap Box Derby. As the local champion, she represented Chattanooga at the All American Soap Box Derby national championship in Akron, Ohio.\n\u2022 School: Fourth-grader at Bright School.\n\u2022 Siblings: Brothers, Josh, 23, and Joe, 25.\n\u2022 Hobbies: Basketball, tennis, lacrosse and soccer.\nWANT TO RACE?\nChattanooga Area Soap Box Derby race director Michael Stewart said the event could always use more participants. Interested racers can contact join the email list by calling 423-596-7726 or emailing firstname.lastname@example.org.\nDo you know a child age 17 or younger with a precocious talent in academics, athletics or the arts? We're is searching for children to feature in \"Talent Show.\" To nominate a child as a possible subject, email staff writer Casey Phillips at email@example.com or call him at 423-757-6205.\nTo most people, 29 seconds isn't a long time. It's the life span of a commercial or the pause at a traffic light during the morning commute.\nBut on July 21, for a little less than half a minute and a little over 950 feet, Jessica Little competed for national fame in the All-American Soap Box Derby in Akron, Ohio.\nEarlier this year, Jessica, 10, beat out 20 racers in the stock-car class of the Chattanooga Area Soap Box Derby to earn the right to progress to the Akron finals. The road to getting there, however, was not as smooth as she might have wished.\nJessica was introduced to soap-box derby racing when she and her father, Mike Little, visited the O'Reilly World of Wheels at the Chattanooga Convention Center in 2010. When he saw an informational booth for the Chattanooga Area Soap Box Derby, something clicked, Little said\n\"I stopped in my tracks and said, 'This is what we are going to do,' \" he said. \"I was glad to see it. It's like a secret in this town.\"\nIn early 2011, he and Jessica visited the local track at Redoubt Soccer Association off Bonny Oaks Drive to take a few practice runs down the local track in one of the club's \"corporate cars.\"\nThe Littles then purchased a kit for about $450 and spent several weekends getting it race-ready so Jessica could compete in the stock-car class of the local derby, which is held at Redoubt every May.\nAlthough she didn't walk away a winner in her first event, Jessica said going 30 mph less than a foot off the ground was much different from other sports she had participated in, such as basketball, soccer and lacrosse.\n\"It was fun,\" she said. \"I feel the wind and the vibrations, and when I'm going down, I always talk to myself for some reason ... saying things like 'Stay straight, stay straight.' \"\nWithout a win at Redoubt, Jessica's only potential inroad to Akron was by earning rally points at sanctioned derbies all over the country.\nShe and a handful of other Chattanooga ra", "What was the date of Charlie Canaday's death and where did it occur", "What budget-friendly options are suggested for styling the Tibi Croc Optic Dress", "cipated in a Philadelphia Anti-Drug/Anti-Violence Network. His mom and instructors convinced him that he could break the cycle of violence and end the generational curse.\nMichael has since acquired his GED and works as a landscaper for the city. He works with the Department of Behavioral Health speaking to groups about preventing gun violence.\nWhat can we do to create more stories or redemption like Michael\u2019s? It\u2019s simple: we, as individuals, can become involved with and invest in more programs such as the Philadelphia Anti-Drug/Anti-Violence Network.\nI am reminded of the old man who walked the beach and threw random starfish back into the sea that had been trapped on the beach by the tide. He knew he couldn\u2019t save them all, but was satisfied to save those he could\u2014one at a time. To each starfish he was able to save he made a difference.\nInterested in making a difference right here in Las Vegas? I invite you to take a look at what is becoming a model for prison reentry: Hope for Prisoners. Hope for Prisoners strives to restore and reunite the family. Their focus is to break, once and for all, the generational curse and establish a new family tree going forward that will have God\u2019s blessing.\nWould you like to play an important role in the life of a man or woman who is striving to break the generational curse and create a brand new family tree of joy, happiness and love?\nPlease contact Hope for Prisoners today for information on how you can help to restore a family and play a significant role in changing a family tree. This may be the most rewarding decision you will ever make.\nYou can check them out online at www.hopeforprisoners.org.\nI will be writing about Hope for Prisoners in future blogs.\nFeel free to contact me if you have any questions about this fantastic organization.\nJim Henry, Hope for Prisoners, Job Developer", "What does Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) help relieve for menopausal women", "What event did Jessica compete in after advancing from the local derby, and what was the outcome of her attempt", "The bitcoin price has surged almost four per cent so far this morning, as Hillary Clinton conceded the presidency to her Republican rival Donald Trump.\nThe price of a single bitcoin has reached $737.07, according to exchange Bitstamp. The currency steadily rose as election officials began counting votes last night.\nIt has risen from a low of under $710 when polls on the east coast of the US began to close.\n\"The Trump presidency is giving bitcoin a boost as uncertainty and fear reigns globally,\" said Char", "What are the requirements for bringing your own growler to the Lemon Creek Breeze Inn", "What changes did the designers make for the wedding details before finalizing the design", "I need architectural help for our requirement,\nWe have nearly 50 data centre through out different cities from these data center\napplication connect to central database server currently, there are conectivity and nework\nflcutions issues for different data center, so we comeup with solution each data center we\nshould have local database server which will keep syncing with other server so that\napplication doesnt fail , User data can be updated in any of server and should", "nts/2011/10/18/warwick-davis-signing-size-matters-not/]here[/link] on the FP website. Note - the article is rather confusing as it refers to an April date. Anyone interested might want to confirm with the store. There are contact details on the linked site", "What documentation is required for non-degree seeking applicants to the Baptist College of Florida", "What sports teams did Dorothy enjoy cheering for", "ont nine of natural meadows and wetlands (with a Scottish feel), to a more rugged back nine of rock outcroppings, stands of sugar maple and panoramic views -- the course at Vermont National is a pleasing mixture of settings. The 18 meticulously designed championship holes, each with 5 tees, offer a challenge to the experienced golfer while preserving the enjoyment and playability for the average enthusiast.\nMember (cart not included), played on Friday, June 2010 at 2pm\nThe course is in fantastic condition. The staff is superb. Well worth it, if you can get on.\nLatest Member Ranking", "What purpose did the reviewer mention for using the enclosure card in their wedding", "What is the proposed solution for the connectivity and network function issues between the data centers", "What are some camping hacks mentioned in the text that can simplify camping experiences", "What is the main purpose of the site mentioned in the text segment", "How can a victim impact statement be beneficial during difficult times following a crime", "What organization is mentioned as a model for prison reentry that focuses on breaking the generational curse", "ctions here (loop (let ((s (socket:accept-connection p))) ;; Read the char from the client (setf R (read-char s)) ;; If i use read here it donst even read anything from the stream. ;;(setq R (read s)) ;; Switch statment to check, which function need ;; to be executed. ;; 1 - Robert problem ;; 2 - MAZE problem ;; 3 - Stops the server (But the port is not closed yet) (cond ((eq R #\\1) (format s \"~s|\" (callops)) (format s \"Error: Invalid function call\")) ((eq R #\\2) (format s \"~s|\" (callMAZE)) (format s \"Error: Invalid function call\")) ((eq R #\\3) #'(lambda () (close s)(close p))(return))) (close s))))", "What are the main differences between the artistic styles of Suzanne Galazka and Jay Bastian as described in the text", "How can we achieve the collection of data changes from 49 servers into one central server while maintaining real-time performance", "What are the two main features of The Official Lorax App", "depends, refrigerated unopened it will likely keep for up to 4 weeks with little to no loss of flavor and carbonation. Loss of or altered flavor could mean the growler wasn\u2019t clean upon filling *if you brought in your own* . Opened it will keep for a few days under refrigeration.\nWhy do you fill the bottle with CO2 before filling? This is so your beer stays fresh! We purge all the oxygen out of the bottle before filling it with delicious beer because oxygen is a carbonation killer! We also give your growler a shot of CO2 before we cap it to ensure it stays fresh from keg to pint, wherever that may be!\nCheck out our Fresh Craft Beer to go on the Growler Statio", "What types of events do companies use corporate chair massage services for", "What kind of threats can the RegRun Security Suite Platinum protect against", "n, say, Barrow-in-Furness. Or Walney. One of those with an outside toilet. And a coal shed out back. I used to live in a two up two down in Dalton, and believe me, you're better off under the Embankment.\n...some would say 'a friendly game of poker' is something of a paradox, since whilst we may be happy to engage in pleasant pre-flop banter with one another, at the end of the day we're also trying to win each other's chips! Poker is one of those rare sports that can be convivial as well as competitive however, and that's what our home games are all about. Yes, we play for money, but making money isn't the sole reason we play (which is just as well as far as I'm concerned). I would say that the majority of us play poker to become better at the game, to have a good time, and (perhaps most importantly) to get out of the door quick enough that we don't have to help with the tidying up!\n....just because the stakes are small doesn't mean the quality of play has to suffer. We don't play 'No Fold 'Em Hold 'Em'. Most players who sit down with us have a pretty good understanding of the game and know their stuff so you can expect a reasonably high level of play (unless I'm at the table of course). Ultimately our aim is to sit down and have an enjoyable night's poker in a fun, friendly, and informal atmosphere, but we're also serious about our game, and play it to the best of our abilities.\n* OK, OK, just occasionally it becomes just another drunken, rowdy get-together with just the odd hand being played out, but Steph promises never to do it again :o)", "What features does WebPost Tools provide for users", "What right did MADD help establish for victims of DUI offenses during the sentencing phase", "Employers want to know what\u2019s in it for them, and employees want to know how it can help ease stress and pain. We\u2019ve put together this handy list to help demystify workplace massage.\nBenefits of Chair Massage: Why Do It?\nChair massage is often used in high stress locations like airports, trade shows and conventions, but it is also used a lot in corporate settings as well. Companies utilize corporate chair massage services for their health fairs, employee appreciation days, and corporate events w", "ions of house staff and attending physicians at Massachusetts General Hospital. Quickly find the information you need through tabs that make it easy to locate topics of interest. Customize the book to meet your specific needs by inserting your own notes into the 6-ring binders front and back pockets, leaving out pages you dont need, or adding others to it. Get instant access to key clinical information on the most common issues seen in practice, including preventive medicine, cardiovascular, dermatology, endocrine, gastrointestinal, hematology, infectious disease, musculoskeletal, neurology, ophthalmology/ENT, psychiatry/social, pulmonary, renal/urology, special populations, womens health, mens health, and geriatric.\n#Enlace 1 en Nitroflare.com#\n#Enlace 2 en Uploaded.net#", "What happens when the wind blows and I have no jacket to keep me warm?\nWhat happens when I feel down and you're not there to make me feel up?\nWhat happens to me?\nWhat happens when at night I open my eyes just to see you're not there?\nI can feel you, but I just can't see, I just can't, so what happens?\nMichael Lockhart was 12 years old when he read this poem he had written for his father\u2019s funeral. His father, known on the streets of West Philadelphia as MG (\u201cMajor Gansta\u201d), had been shot 22 times with an AK-47.\nNobody in his family, according to an article in the Philadelphia Daily News, was surprised when young Michael, accompanied by his brother, a friend, and a 9mm Glock robbed some Temple University students, a few years later.\nMichael\u2019s family is no stranger to prisons. His father and three of his uncles have served time in prison. Michael\u2019s brother is doing time as well.\nViolence, drugs, and imprisonment are what face many of today\u2019s youth that are born to families that lack positive male role models.\nHow important is a positive father figure in a young person\u2019s life? Well, studies show that youths who grow up without a father in their life are more than 15 times more likely to end up in prison while a teenager.\nMichael\u2019s mother puts it this way, \u201cIf you\u2019re rich and you go to Harvard, your kid goes to Harvard. . . if your daddy hustles, your son gonna grind. In our family we call it the generational curse.\u201d\nBut there is a happy ending to this particular story.\nMichael has DECIDED (he made a conscious CHOICE) that he is not his father and that he can, and indeed is breaking that generational curse. In his words, \u201cPeople use their childhood as an excuse. It\u2019s not an excuse.\u201d\nHe insists that he will NOT become his father.\nAfter Michael was released from Glen Mills Schools, a reform school in Delaware County, he parti", "What color are recommended accessories for pairing with the Croc Optic Dress by Tibi", "raped, one-shoulder, magenta gown by Paule Ka and nude peep-toe pumps. The bright color looked stunning against Eva\u2019s skin and the lightness of this dress was a nice contrast to follow the angular navy gown. Eva\u2019s fifth look, and probably her least impressive look of the night, was a strapless, light pink Max Mara gown that was romantic and pretty, but didn\u2019t live up to the other dresses that showed off the star\u2019s sexy curves. Her sixth outfit was a fabulous, silver embellished Monique Lhuillier gown that was worthy of being her final look of the night \u2014 but she had one more frock swap in store!\nHer seventh, (and last), outfit of the evening was a knock-out, burnt-out velvet gown by Romona Keveza that showed some skin but covered her at the same time. The long mermaid train and peek-a-boo fabric was a perfect end to Eva\u2019s night and certainly left a lasting impression for her future at the ALMA Awards.\nWhat did you think of Eva\u2019s hosting looks? Which one is your favorite?\n\u2014 Katie George\nMore Eva Longoria Style News:\n- Eva Longoria\u2019s Mini Dress\n- Eva Longoria and More Stun at Hollywood Foreign Press Luncheon\n- Eva Longoria at Global Gift Gal", "cers made trips to five races as far away as Atlanta and Owensboro and Bowling Green, Ky., but she still didn't earn enough points to gain entrance to the national finals.\nOn the comparatively fast track at Owensboro, Jessica also suffered a temporary setback when a competing car collided with hers, cracking the plastic shell and the axle. She and her father had to purchase a new kit -- white to replace her original green racer -- so she would be ready to compete this year.\nThe local derby is a double-elimination event. This May, Jessica advanced all the way to the top before suffering her first loss and dropping into the losers bracket. She then won three more races to beat out the largest stock-car field to compete at the event, according to race director Michael Stewart.\nStewart founded the local club and its nonprofit supporting arm in 2008. He said soap-box derby racing is as much about parents and children working together as it is the 30 seconds the cars are actually rolling down the hill.\n\"The reason I started it is because it's a great family activity and something where boys and girls can compete on an even playing field,\" he said. \"The families put the car together and work on the car and participate in the races.\"\nJessica said she has enjoyed working with her father on the car, but the real thrill was going home with a trophy fully half as tall as she is after failing her first attempt.\n\"I was really happy because that's when I realized I was going to the world championships,\" she said. \"It was a really good feeling [because] that was my goal.\"\nAt Akron, Jessica was one of 400 local champions to enter, some from as far away as Japan, New Zealand, Germany and Canada.\nOn July 21, she lined up between two other racers for a 29-second heat in the spotlight. She finished second, but since Akron is a single-elimination event, she was eliminated.\nEven though she didn't walk away with a $5,000 scholarship and gold jacket, Jessica said she enjoyed the experience and is far from giving up.\n\"I know it's a memory I can always keep because not everyone gets to go to the Derby Downs,\" she said. \"I'm happy to be one of them.\n\"[This year] I think I'm going to do super stock. I'd like to win at the local race again.\"\nContact Casey Phillips at firstname.lastname@example.org or 423-757-6205. Follow him on Twitter at @Phillips CTFP.\nCasey Phillips has worked as a features reporter in the Life department since May 2007. He writes about entertainment, young adults, technology and people of interest. Casey hails from Knoxville and earned a bachelor of science degree in journalism and a bachelor of arts in German. He previously worked as the features editor for Sidelines at Middle Tennessee State University. Casey received the East Tennessee Society of Professional Journalists Award of Excellence for Reviewing/Criticism in ..", "What topics can you find information about in the resource provided for house staff and attending physicians at Massachusetts General Hospital", "What restrictions apply to ND students regarding course enrollment and financial aid", "How long can a refrigerated unopened growler maintain its flavor and carbonation", "o come back up the mountain Wednesday in the Reserve truck with the books and Wolf. Beto our trusty chauffeur made it all easy once again. As is usual this time of the year, the day is dawning bright and sunny but the rain will move in sometime later, so you have to get your outdoor chores done early or you are going to get very wet.\nWolf and I went down last Sunday on the afternoon bus following the community potluck lunch which is held the first Sunday of every month after the Quaker meeting. It is a great chance to eat really good homemade food and to visit with folks who you may never run into otherwise. We sold some books, filled our bellies and then went in the pouring rain to Santa Elena. Fortunately the bus was a dry one, unlike the older bus that I came up in the week before, where every other seat was under a leak and it was hard to stay dry even though you were inside a bus. It seems that\u2019s a theme of these latest blog posts \u2013 the fact that it is being a very wet beginning to a rainy season is impossible to ignore. Staying dry is a challenge but you just have to accept the inevitable \u2013 for the first time that I can remember, I bought an umbrella, although much of the time even an umbrella, rubber boots and rain coat aren\u2019t going to keep you completely dry.\nWe spent the first night at the Casa Ridgeway, known as the Peace Center, run by Quakers, which is Wolf\u2019s base camp when in San Jose. The folks there know him and were all pleased to see the book. It is a spartan little place which I don\u2019t mind \u2013 I especially like the monk-like rooms that are painted white with no decoration except a quote about peace stenciled on the wall. My room said: Me, you can kill but you can\u2019t silence justice.\nEarly Monday we began the process of getting the books. I\u2019m still not sure what that first company we dealt with was exactly \u2013 there are a number of hands extended when in the process of paying to get your imported goods. Although we called early in the morning, the papers weren\u2019t ready for us till mid-afternoon. We then took a taxi out to the western part of the city, La Sabana Norte, and there we paid for the permit to release the books and the cost of the books being moved off of the boat and into the customs storage. Once that is done you want to get them out quickly as they cost plenty for each day they are held. We paid our money and received the documents and were told to contact the aduana, the customs broker, Eliezar Alfaro Porras, who helped us through the next step. It was too late to see him but we did make an arrangement to meet at 9 a.m. on Tuesday.\nThis, of course, meant another trip by taxi and bus and taxi to Alajuela, near the airport. Eliezar was great, meeting us in a convenient place, taking us in his car to his office, trying to explain the process of what was going on, attempting to keep the costs down, going to the bank for me to speed up the process. We spent a few hours with him but they were pleasant ones and I will keep his number to use him again in the future. By 1 p.m. he had confirmation that everything was in order and we could head out to the bodega, the big storage place where the books were being held. We went back into the city by bus and taxi to the Tropical Science Center who had said they would send a vehicle out to pick up the books. By the time we got there, their truck wasn\u2019t around and by 3 it was looking like we wouldn\u2019t be able to get our books that day as the bodega closed at 5 and was at least half an hour away. This was worrisome as you don\u2019t want to stop the momentum once it is rolling. As Wolf kept saying, if we don\u2019t go while we are at the head of the line, who knows how far back they will send us. I have to say that both Carlos Hernandez, the director at the Reserve who has helped and supported us every step of the way, and then Vicente Watson, one of the main scientists at the TSC, were invaluable.\nWhen Vicente realized that we didn\u2019t have a vehicle to pick up the books, he stayed with the problem, gnawing the bone, until it got worked out. By 3:15 we were in a car with Warner Corvajal, an employee there, zipping across and out of the city to Santo Domingo de Heredia where the bodega was. Vladimir Jimenez and the TSC truck was located on its way back from a trip and was rerouted to the bodega. By 4 we had the paperwork done and the last money paid. By 4:30 we were loaded and on our way back to the TSC office in San Pedro. It all happened so quick and with so little fuss, except for the hours of waiting, it is still hard to believe. In the old days, things took a lot longer. But with computers and supportive people who are trying hard to help the process go quickly, well, incredibly, sometimes it does.\nWolf and I celebrated with a great Italian meal of very anchovish ceasar salad, authentic pizza and red wine at Pane y Vino in San Pedro. We had spent the better part of the two days together and had lots of time to talk while waiting. If there is something Wolf and I can do it is talk, but at the same time we don\u2019t always have quiet time anymore to do just that. We have either been running around or surrounded by family and friends or so tired that all we can do is smile at each other.\nI moved from the Peace Center to my friend Myrna Castro\u2019s house for Monday and Tuesday night. I met Myrna and her daughters Sofia and Veronica when they came to the music festival back in 1999. Her ex-husband, Luis Zumbado, is a great violinist and was playing in Monteverde that year and staying in the house for the musicians which I managed for a couple of years. I\u2019ve remained friends with them and try to visit at least once a year when in the big city. Veronica and I went out Monday night to visit Sonsax, our friends the sexy-saxophonists, who were practicing at the university. I hadn\u2019t seen them for a couple of years. Valerio, Jan, Pablo, Chopper & Manrique the percussionist are five great guys who have played around the world including the Montreal Jazz Festival, where I\u2019ve gone to see them a couple of times. When I first knew them back in the mid-nineties, they were young crazy too-good-looking-for-their-own-good musicians, but they are all maturing (or getting old as Jan said, not me) and now have wives, children and are all busy teaching when they aren\u2019t playing their high energy brand of sax music.\nI also went to see Manuel Monestel again, the musical leader and mentor of Cantoamerica who I went dancing to last week. We shared some wine and some stories about the Caribbean community, which we both know and love. Made me want to go to Cahuita, the funky little town I\u2019ve spent a lot of time in on the east coast. He was heading there the next day, so now I await some good gossip back.\nWhile we were in the city, we also talked with the Tico Times, who took the book to read and do a review and we will return for an interview in a week or so. We talked to Marc and John at Seventh Street Books who will carry the book but it isn\u2019t the kind that they distribute. But they are going to be helpful in supplying a list of booksellers in the country where our book may fit in. I will head out on some roadtrips, peddling books to the stores I choose in places I want to go (and return to later).\nWhen Beto arrived on Wednesday morning at the TSC office, we carefully loaded the books, along with a bunch of bedding materials, and triple wrapped everything in plastic and tarps. It poured on us most of the way home but we felt pretty confident that the boxes would be okay. As it turned out they weren\u2019t totally. When Beto and I unwrapped the boxes Thursday morning, the bottom four boxes had water damage \u2013 fortunately we only lost about 10 books to a bit of damage, and not so bad that we can\u2019t give them as freebies to friends. But as Wolf said, those books traveled all that way from Montreal to Costa Rica on the sea and were dry, but a little 4 hour trip up the mountain to Monteverde couldn\u2019t keep them that way. I tell you, the moisture in", "What features does The Official Lorax App 3.0 offer for sharing images", "How does the text critique the representation of women in the comic Roly Poly", "Poker. The ultimate test of your skill against your opponents' luck...\nCLICK! Help support my gambling problem...\nLooking for a home poker game in London?\nPlay poker in London already but sick of high rakes?\nNew to the game and just looking to learn the ropes?\nPlay No Limit Texas Hold 'Em but struggling to find a game?\nHaving problems getting 'bums on seats' in your own game?\nPlay online and looking to sit down and play some real poker?\nThe aim of this site is to provide London poker players a central point from which to organise rake-free home poker games, where they can arrange to get together to play poker for small stakes in a relaxed, friendly,competitive environment where the focus is on the poker - not just another drunken, rowdy get-together with just the odd hand being played*\nSeven-Deucey Never Lose-ey...\n....so you don't have to pay your host a percentage of your buy-in as a fee to play. Some home games (I name no names) charge their players up to \u00a35 to buyin to a \u00a315 game. That's 30-something percent! Bloody scandalous. Our home games are all rake-free and have no entrance fees or service charges of any sort, so if your host wants your money, he'd better have the cards, or at least be prepared to go through your coat pockets in the hall.\n....so no-one's going to end up sleeping underneath Albert Embankment when the game breaks up (unless, of course, they were sleeping there to begin with) but there's always the (admittedly somewhat remote) possibility of taking home enough of everyone else's money to buy a small end of terrace i", "What was the main purpose of the presentation held at the Monteverde Cloud Forest Reserve", "r wedding day details! They look amazing! We forewent the directions, because we have numerous family and friends coming in from out of town, so we eliminated the confusion for anyone by giving details instead. It was nice to be able to enclose those details, because the designers even sent me changes hey made for fluidity of the wording, which you are able to approve before having designed and sent, and I loved how they put everything together, it was WONDERFUL!!!\"", "What admission did John Travolta make about the impact of his son Jett's death during a recent interview", "re another 194,000 Hyundai Elantra compacts from 2011 to 2013 because a bracket can fly off if the side air bags are inflated.\nTHE FIX: Hyundai and Kia will replace the faulty switches at no cost. Kia will start notifying owners in May, while Hyundai will do it in June.\n- Hyundai Elantra", "mer Charlie Cannady, 60; wife Mary, 50; daughter Marie Braswell, 23; son-in-law Kennel Braswell, 24; and their children Minnie M., 2, and Charlie T., 1. Mary and Marie were also born in South Carolina.\nCharlie Canaday died 21 February 1946 in Cross Roads township. Per his death certificate, he was born 29 February 1894 in South Carolina to Honor Canaday; was married to Mary Canaday; and worked as a farmer. Informant was Kennon Braswell.\n- Rev. Willie Barnes\nPhotographs taken by Lisa Y. Henderson, September 2017.", "Mary Grove church\u2018s cemetery lies behind the sanctuary on Wiggins Mill Road near Lucama. Among its earliest marked graves are those of members born in the 1870s, \u201980s and \u201990s.\n- Renda Green\nIn the 1900 census of Stantonsburg township, Wilson County: farm laborer James Green, 47; wife Lurenda, 33; daughter Rhoda, 13; and stepchildren Cornelia, 10, Larry, 9, Eddie, 4, William, 3, and Addie Dew, 1.\n- Lawyer Whitley\n- Charlie Cannady\nIn the 1940 census of Black Creek township, Wilson County: South Carolina-born far", "ncluding larger scale charcoal portraits, is always a treat. Galazka\u2019s years of experience with figure drawing gives her an intuitive understanding of the body that very very few gain. With only a handful of individual lines Galazka is able to sculpt out a face with likeness, visually explain the torsion of the muscles in the body, and describe textures as complex as hair, flesh, and cloth. Likeness is probably one of Galazka\u2019s greatest feats. In her format of quick, five to thirty minute, drawing sessions, Galazka is able to produce images which the audience would be able to pick out of a line up. Beyond the actual line work of her images, Galazka\u2019s use of watercolor to build up and expand upon her drawing skills is equally as masterful. The dabs and brushstrokes of vibrant color belie the subtlety of her work. By controlling the placement and flow of pigment through the brushstrokes of water, Galazka makes her figures dance and breath on the paper, and it gives them jewel like vibrancy as the viewer shifts perspective while examining them.\nJay Bastian\u2019s work, while being similar in skill and style to Galazka in some ways, has a very different outcome. Bastian, also an adept therapist outside of his art practice, imbues his images with a psychological depth and mood that is incredibly rare, matching other local masters like Art Cislo. The quirky linework Bastian sometimes uses broadcasts the self consciousness and perseverance of both the artist and the subject. Bastian is also a master of using color as an entirely other dimension to his linework, filling his images to the brim with richness and form. Bastian\u2019s work tends to also come from his life rather than Galazka\u2019s more structured sessions with models. The intimacy present in Bastian\u2019s drawings of friends and household objects gives his work an autobiographical tone and makes the viewer ask more questions and implicate themselves with the images. Bastian\u2019s work in \u201cThe Formalists\u201d is primarily made of studies made throughout the building of his finished images. This exposition of his process and visual reminder of work which precedes and goes into any great piece of work is perfect to the novice audience members who may not understand that a finished piece of work is the culmination of the artists experiences and education over much longer period of time than it takes to actually produce the image they are viewing.\nBoth Galazka and Bastian have the unique ability to drawing the viewer in and control their eye and perception through their images. The power in their process comes from an incessant and longstanding need to produce and reproduce images through line and color. \u201cThe Formalists\u201d is a quiet reminder of the power that art can wield when made by artists with the patience and responsibility to follow it.\n\u201cThe Formalists: Suzanne Galazka and Jay Bastian\u201d\nFeb 7-March 8, 2015\nOpening reception: Sat. Feb 7, 6-10pm", "All eyes were on the host of the night, who managed to show off seven different looks at the show! Which dress did you like best? VOTE.\nEva Longoria played co-host at the ALMA Awards on Sept. 27, where the Desperate Housewives star changed her outfit a grand total of seven, (yes, seven!), times during the awards, where each dress was more interesting than the last. Her first look of the evening was a stunning orange, beaded Elie Saab gown. Eva expertly kept the styling simple with a low ponytail and diamond stud earrings, leaving all eyes to take in the gorgeous embellishments on her gown as it sparkled under the stage lights. And her following looks were just as show-stopping!\nEva Longoria\u2019s ALMA Awards Dresses:\nHer second look included a romantic, emerald Randi Rahm gown with a sexy slit down the side, allowing Eva to work her matching emerald sandals. For her third look, she let her curves do the talking in an off-the-shoulder, navy Etro gown that hugged her body in all the right places. The dramatic plunge and structured silhouette was perfect for Eva\u2019s petite frame as it put her assets on full display!\nHer fourth look consisted of a d", "Dorothy \u201cDort\u201d Rand Golletz, 94, of Plainville passed away Wednesday, April 12, 2017 after a brief illness. She was the wife of the late Charles J. Golletz.\nDorothy was born on March 2, 1923, in Wilbraham, Massachusetts, and was the daughter of the late John B. and Mabel E. (Hayes) Rand. She moved to the Hartford area as a child and after her marriage to Charles settled in New Britain, and later Bristol, to raise their family. During WWII she worked for the Telephone Company as a switchboard operator. She later worked for several banks in the area, ultimately retiring from Hartford Home Savings and Loan in 1988.\nDorothy was known for her sense of humor, her love of gardening, and her joy for life. As a young wife, she used to tuck her children in to bed with the reminder, \u201cSee you in the funny papers.\u201c She always looked forward to spring as it meant time in her garden; she had a true green thumb. She was an avid sp", "il to submit the required transcripts will not be permitted to register for subsequent semesters.\n- ND students may not enroll in any courses in which placement is governed by the level of proficiency revealed in placement testing.\n- No limit is placed on the number of courses a ND student may take, but no more than twenty-four semester hours of that work can be applied toward a degree at BCF.\n- ND students are not eligible for financial aid.\n- ND students who wish to become degree-seeking are required to meet all requirements for regular admission.\n- No documents received after Drop/Add will be accepted for the current term; these documents will be placed in the student\u00eds admission file and updated for the next term.", "Just as important is to have a gorgeous tan \u2013 whether natural or or fake \u2013 as yellow can be a tricky colour to pull off without a healthy glow.\nThrow a slouchy black blazer over this racer back dress and slip on some stone or charcoal suede block heels for a relaxed look that will take you from day to evening, or dress it up with diamond drop earrings and metallic stilettos for a special event or Summer party.\nThe Tibi Croc Optic Dress is \u00a3119 for 2 nights or \u00a3129 for 7 nights.\nBy Katie Rose", "You're hearing The Lorax buzz and seeing the mustached forest guardian everywhere. Now you can download The Official Lorax App for Android and iPhones, and turn yourself and your friends into The Lorax himself... for free!\nThe app has two main features. The first gives you the ability to hold your phone in front of your mouth, and as you talk a full-screen Lorax mouth moves along with your words. It's great fun. You can sing songs, tell stories, or even read along with Dr. Seuss as he tells the tale of The Lorax!\nThe other exciting and fun feature lets you give yourself and your friends The Lorax mustache. You can hold your camera in front of", "When and where will Warwick Davis be signing his book Size Matters Not", "A heads-up for October if you are in or near London - Warwick Davis will be signing his book Size Matters Not at the Forbidden Planet megastore in London on October 18 (Tuesday) from 6:00 to 7:00 PM. Further details are [link=http://forbiddenplanet.com/eve", "Dorm Wall Organizer\n- No Nails Oversized Framed Pinboard $149\n- Metal Framed Pinboards $149\n- No Nails Pinboard $29 \u2013 $69 Sale $14.99 \u2013 $49.99\n- No Nails Dorm Pinboard, Blue Ticking Stripe $69 Sale $49.99\n- No Nails Dorm Pinboard, Dottie $29 \u2013 $69 Sale $14.99 \u2013 $29.99\n- The Emily & Meritt No Nails Dry-Erase Weekly Calendar $39\n- No Nails Dry-Erase Entry Boards $22.50 Sale $9.99\n- No Nails Fabric Heart Wall Organizer $89 Sale $44.99 \u2013 $59.99\n- No Nails Fabric Wall Organizer, Dottie $49 Sale $39.99\n- No Nails Dry-Erase Wall Storage $59 Sale $24.99 \u2013 $34.99\n- The Emily & Meritt Black Heart Magnet Board $129\n- HARRY POTTER\u2122 Proclamation Pinboard $99\n- No Nails State Pride Corkboards, Black $119\n- No Nails State Pride Corkboards $119\n- All-In-One Study Wall Organizer $129 Sale $79.99 \u2013 $99\n- Dry-Erase Calendar Corkboard $129\n- Metal Wall System $39 \u2013 $199\n- Umbra\u00ae Strum Wall Organizer $15\n- The Emily & Meritt No Nails Magnetic Icons, Set of 4 $34.50\n- Decorative Cable System $39\n- Wall Leaning Wire Magazine Rack $59 Sale $34.99\n- Dry-Erase Peel and Stick NuWallpaper\u2122, 20\"x18' $59\n- Rifle Paper Co. World Traveler 2019 Hanging Calendar $26\n- Rifle Paper Co. Wildwood 2019 Hanging Calendar $26\n- Rifle Paper Co. Lemon 2019 Hanging Calendar $18\nHow to Use a Wall Organizer\nOptimizing organization in your dorm room or apartment ensures that you're maximizing space. A wall organizer brings items off of desks, dressers and even the floor and keeps them visible and within reach. Wall organizers come in plenty of styles, from pinboards and dry erase boards to multi-tiered shelves. Incorporate a wall organizer into your dorm room decor with these helpful tips.\nTo Track Your To-Do List\nKeeping track of your weekly assignments for each class doesn't have to be a challenging task. Track your daily to-dos on your wall organizer. A dry erase board organizer allows you to write directly on the unit. You can divide the organizer up by day, by class or by category to keep track of those must-complete tasks. Having your most pressing assignments visible on your wall just might be the motivation you need to finish them.\nTo Organize Your Calendar\nExams, research papers, extracurricular commitments and social engagements keep your life busy when you're in college. Transform your wall organizer into a calendar for better management of your schedule. Here, you can track when assignments are due, when exams take place and when your next social engagement is. Use different colored dry erase markers for each category for simple organization of your monthly calendar.\nTo Keep Important Documents Visible\nStacking important paperwork on your desk probably isn't the best organizational strategy. Fortunately, a wall organizer can help solve the dilemma of where all that school-related paperwork should go. Post syllabi from each class on a pinboard wall organizer, or slip them into a wall unit that", "What did Dorothy Rand Golletz do during World War II", "What are the primary responsibilities of pharmacists according to the text", "ok. Phanta is a wisp of a character, a pile of stylized eye-liner and a bad bitch attitude. Every character is the same; style but no substance. Phanta\u2019s journey through the book and her competition with her brother don\u2019t really make sense as an examination of human desire and the anxiety of the social internet. And Roly Poly feels too \u201con the nose\u201d to act as satire. It just feels like a very pretty video game has had screenshots printed out and bound up in a nice hardcover book.\nIt\u2019s not lost on me that all of the characters in Roly Poly are female (minus the primary antagonist/frenemy character). And if the subject matter is anxiety around the social internet, Roly Poly thereby plays into the worst stereotypes of the current cultural moment. Phanta, one of the only few named characters, fights karate style against a faceless hoarde of young women, all after the wishing stars she\u2019s claimed. How can you make a comic like Roly Poly without implying that young women are vacuous and popularity obsessed? Even if everything is blown out and made into a bigger spectacle, all the women in Roly Poly are essentially fighting a life or death battle to have the most Instagram followers or be in a k-pop band (because these are the only goals in this wonderland, to be popular, and to be seen being popular). Roly Poly implies that these characters, and thereby women in general, have no interior lives and only exist to try to become popular.\nAnd, if we\u2019re being honest, even the visuals are suspect. When the reader isn\u2019t looking at the beautiful backgrounds and environments of each shot, Semanas makes sure that the reader\u2019s eyes are trained on Phanta\u2019s body in action. A opening shot of Phanta mounting her motorcycle makes this abundantly clear. It\u2019s not clearly T&A, but it feels lecherous. The compromising positions, her clothing, and all of the punching, kicking, and spinning, feels objectifying, even if the book avoids the cliche of manga-inspired fan service. There\u2019s nothing as blatant as women taking off their clothing, but there doesn\u2019t need to be; the male gaze is hyperactive in this book.\nIf there\u2019s anything you can say about Roly Poly, it\u2019s that it has style. Perhaps you could call it a visual panache. But Roly Poly with all its neon cyberpunk-inspired visuals is just like the cola that is the main character\u2019s namesake. Phanta (Fanta) is bright orange, sugary, and completely devoid of nutritious value; drink enough, and you\u2019ll get ill.\nSequential State is made possible in part by user subscriptions; you subscribe to the site on Patreon for as little as a dollar a month, and in return, you get additional content; it\u2019s that simple. Your support helps pay cartoonists for illustration work, and helps keep Sequential State independent and ad-free. And if you\u2019re not into monthly subscriptions, you can also now donate to the site on Ko-Fi.com. Thanks!", "Croc Optic Dress by Tibi\nFor a real taste of Summer in your wardrobe we recommend this stunning Croc Optic Dress by Tibi which is our Dress of the Week. There\u2019s nothing like a shot of yellow to brighten up an outfit. Plus your staple Winter muted accessories will work fabulously with such a vivid hue.\nThe neck and hemlines are great for petite figures or those blessed with perfect pins! Just be sure to exfoliate thoroughly and apply a great body oil to keep your legs looking smooth and silky.", "Where is Mary Grove church's cemetery located", "ual) reaction you get from them?\nI've noticed positive reactions. I love the sheer pleasure of looking at so many wonderful heads of curls and coils, and it just gets the best of me sometimes and I have to say something Anyone else do this", "What are the artistic themes and influences referenced in Drawloverlala's artwork featuring Grolla and Zero", "What does the code segment do upon receiving specific character inputs from the client", "includes a convenient shelf. Other paperwork, including financial aid forms or school assignments, can be easily organized on these pinboards as well.\nTo Store Everyday Essentials\nStop spending time rummaging through your dorm room looking for essential items before you leave for class. Wall organizers with different compartments and shelves are perfect for giving these essentials a place to call home. Clear your nightstand or desk and add items like your smartphone, chargers, keys and student ID in this organizer. Reserve one compartment for each item so that you always know where it goes. Life gets easier with a wall organizer designed for these essentials.\nTo Share Messages and Notes\nImprove communication with your roommate by using a dry erase wall organizer to relay important messages and notes. If a visitor stopped by or called your roommate when he or she was in class, let them know by writing a note. Keep track of room chores, such as dusting or making the beds, by creating a to-do list that you can tackle together. Or, write a shopping list if you split groceries or simply add a motivational message for your roomie before a big exam.\nTo Display Mementos\nCurb any feelings of homesickness by bringing memories of home with you to college. Many wall organizers are well-designed for displaying favorite photos and other mementos. Post pictures on the pinboard that showcase family and friends from home. Add your tassel from your high school graduation cap as a nod to your history. When you use the wall organizer this way, it can also double as decor.\nTo Store School Supplies\nBetween your computer, printer and books, your dorm room desk probably filled up pretty quickly. Keep school supplies within reach by transforming an organizer into a wall-mounted supply cabinet. Select a wall organizer with various compartments and shelves. Then, clear your desktop and add your supplies to the organizer. You can store pens, pencils, printer cartridges, earbuds, USB cables and much more in these multifunctional wall units. Accessing these essentials will be easier than ever.\nTo Organize Beauty Items and Accessories\nWhen you're short on space, you find creative ways to store personal items. Perhaps you don't have the room for a full vanity in your dorm room. However, a wall organizer can serve as your makeshift beauty storage that makes getting ready for a special event easier than ever. Choose a shelved wall organizer and keep perfumes, makeup and hair products stored in it. You can even find space for your jewelry in this organizer. Getting ready to go out is suddenly a simpler task.\nYou will discover plenty of ways to incorporate a wall organizer into your dorm room. Whether you're organizing your busy calendar or your personal belongings, these wall organizers provide the function you need during a busy semester. Plus, they add a stylish touch to any dorm room wall.", "What was the dress and its description that Eva wore as her least impressive look of the night", "Before I dig into the art showcase, I want to wish everyone on Schwer and Schwer Alike a great and happy holidays. With that out of the way, it should probably be worth mentioning that this post will stick with stuff on deviantART, in comparison to pixiv as with my prior two fanart showcases. So the overall quality of the art itself my differ, but I have a job to do.\nTia and Freud by *Haychel on deviantART\nAnd where else to start than with this group shot of Tia, Freu, and Lilli, drawn by Haychel. For something on the English side of the community, it's very well done, the way the backdrop is done makes the image look like a painting, and I particularly like how accurate the characters are appearance-wise to the source material. The glow effect used on Lilli is also a great effect dome with no problems.\nScke", "6 Genius Camping Hacks You\u2019ll Wish You Knew Sooner\nCamping is always an adventure. However, there are some things that can be difficult about camping. There can be mosquitos or maybe someone forgot the matches or the spoons. Something is always bound to go wrong. Don\u2019t worry, these camping hacks will save you whenever you\u2019re in a jam. Knowing these hacks will help you make the most of what you have so that you\u2019ll still have an awesome trip. Here are 6 genius camping hacks you\u2019ll wish you thought of sooner.\nUse an Altoid Container\nAltoid containers are the perfect size to fit in a pocket. They\u2019re also perfect for storing small essential equipment. Put your matches, lighter, pocket knife, and some emergency toilet paper in your Altoid container. The container will protect these things from water or dirt. Plus the container closes nicely so that nothing falls out.\nMake the Most of Corn Chips\nIf you can\u2019t find any good kindling around, use some corn chips like Fritos or Doritos. Corn chips will burn well and get your fire going. Sometimes if your surrounding area is too wet, you won\u2019t be able to find kindling that is dry enough to start a fire. Luckily, you know that corn chips can get the job done too.\nUse Tic Tac Containers\nTic Tac containers are also great for holding small items. These are perfect for holding matches or bobby pins. They can also hold fish hooks or fishing line really well. Tic Tac containers are small and compact so they won\u2019t take up any room in your suitcase. These little guys can be stuck anywhere.\nAdd Sage to Your Campfires\nAre there too many mosquitos around? Add sage to your campfire and the mosquitos", "What are some benefits of chair massage for employees", "Pharmacists are responsible for dispensing and distributing drugs to individuals, as well as providing advice and counsel to patients, physicians, and other healthcare workers about certain drugs. They may provide information about dosages and side effects of certain drugs, and generally work to ensure that patients use drugs safely. Pharmacists are in short supply, so this is a hot field.\nJob Description: A Day in the Life of a Pharmacist\nPharmacists may work in a retail drugstore, hospital, nursing home, mental institution, or public health clinic. Most pharmacists work a 40-hour week; depending on the workplace, pharmacists may have to work nights or weekends (hospitals, for example, always need a pharmacist on duty). Most pharmacists spend their day dispensing medication and advising patients on the use of prescription and over-the-counter medications.\nPharmacists working in a setting like a hospital or nursing home are also likely to interact with physicians and other healthcare workers, and provide advice regarding the side effects and dosage of a certain drug. Pharmacists are also responsible for keeping accurate records of the drugs they dispense to patients. Some pharmacists specialize in specific drug therapies, such as oncology (cancer), geriatric pharmacy, or psychiatric pharmacy.\nGeneral Requirements and Training\nTo becom", "Pocket Primary Care (Pocket Notebook Series) By Dr. Meghan M. Kiefer, Dr. Curtis R. Chong\n2014 | 374 Pages | ISBN: 1451128266 | PDF (conv) | 24 MB\nSupport your clinical decision making and prepare for everyday challenges in the primary care setting with Pocket Primary Care, a brand new, pocket-sized loose-leaf resource that offers the most current, evidence-based approaches to delivering quality care in the outpatient setting. Representing the efforts of a dedicated team of house staff and attending physicians at the Massachusetts General Hospital, this practical resource provides the key clinical data you need to manage your patients effectively and quickly. Features Gain insights into the most up-to-date evidence-based practices, accepted best practices, and expert opin", "What platform is the focus of the art showcase mentioned in the text", "What designer created the Vermont National Country Club golf course", "What kind of reactions have been noticed from others regarding beautiful curls and coils", "statement to the court in many states.\nThe victim impact statement can help demonstrate the seriousness of the crime, and bring you closure during a painful period in life. Nobody wants to become part of the underage drinking statistics, DUI accident or crime rates, or any other such measurement of DUI related crimes. But in an unfortunate circumstance, it's important to do whatever is possible to bring closure and remind others that these crimes can and do happen very close to home.", "What challenge do the speaker and Wolf face while traveling to pick up the books during the rainy season", "Home > Around Town > The Formalists: Suzanne Galazka and Jay Bastian\nThe Formalists: Suzanne Galazka and Jay Bastian\nBy Dan Swartz\nFort Wayne Reader\nIn a world of easy, cheap, digital photographic reproduction, one may wonder why the arts have continued to grow in popularity and retain their markets. With thanks to all of the technicians more advanced in age, unlike the manufacturing sector of the economy, skill and experience only gain value in the creative economy. Sadly, in a world rich in digital information and reproductions, what we lack and crave more than anything as an audience and a culture is the real, the genuine, and the sentimental images that spark change in us. Fort Wayne\u2019s arts community is rich in artists that can provide easement to these cravings, and in \u201cThe Formalists\u201d, on view at Wunderkammer Company, Suzanne Galazka and Jay Bastian are prime examples.\nFormalism is an idea within art history wherein it is thought that the viewer is given every bit of evidence for the construction of the image and an understanding of its content as well as an understanding of its maker can be found within the piece itself. Formalists break images down into their basic units of color, line, texture, shape, and all of the perceptual mechanisms used in art practices to represent images. In this way, it could be argued that these artists are formalists in their construction of their images and in the processes by which they make their work.\nSuzanne Galazka has been a staple of Fort Wayne for the last few decades, and has been a familiar face at Artlink for the past twenty years, nurturing emerging artists and encouraging them to take risks and to experiment. Galazka\u2019s training was in both Detroit and Philadelphia, but she has produced art work seemingly everywhere, spending significant periods of time throughout Europe as well. Jay Bastian has been more quiet within Fort Wayne\u2019s art scene, but present for more than a decade. Bastian\u2019s education and training has been primarily through the Indiana University system, taking him from Bloomington to Indianapolis as well as locally with IPFW.\nIn \u201cThe Formalists\u201d, a two person exhibition highlighting the process of image production, Suzanne Galazka and Jay Bastian have compiled, edited, and composed masses of hand drawn images splayed across the walls of the gallery like evidence arranged for some sort of investigation. Each artists has included over one hundred images, of various size, color, style, and time put into its creation. This variety gives the exhibition both speed and structure, allowing the viewer to see how these two artists build up an image from sketch through detailed drawing and painting. The overall exhibition is \u201ctoo much all at once\u201d at first, giving the viewer a gestalt compilation of bodies, light, and mood.\nSuzanne Galazka\u2019s work, primarily being small scale watercolor and pen and ink drawings, but also i", "You know how good it feels sometimes to have strangers compliment your hair out of the blue? Well, do you find yourself on the giving end of that, spontaneously complimenting curly strangers when you're in public? What's the usual (or unus"]}