{"q_indices": [38, 59, 1, 41, 113, 122, 95, 34, 82, 91, 37, 53, 100, 87, 6, 17, 70, 114, 120, 76, 50, 48, 60, 43, 7, 21, 71, 3, 89, 127, 2, 22, 44, 13, 72, 67, 74, 4, 31, 61, 81, 68, 123, 69, 75, 63, 116, 27, 8, 124, 58, 10, 86, 88, 46, 9, 49, 47, 42, 45, 90, 80, 52, 33], "a_indices": [121, 73, 83, 39, 51, 117, 111, 93, 107, 96, 104, 110, 40, 101, 23, 108, 64, 102, 0, 14, 11, 65, 119, 126, 54, 36, 57, 29, 77, 19, 92, 25, 84, 109, 18, 28, 94, 62, 35, 15, 112, 5, 79, 24, 97, 125, 103, 99, 66, 105, 20, 106, 98, 26, 12, 55, 32, 85, 115, 118, 30, 78, 16, 56], "texts": ["Mary Kay Home-Based Business Ideas in Wolcott, Colorado\nIt\u2019s tough to find home-based business ideas in Wolcott, and finding one that works with your schedule is even more difficult. Mary Kay Independent Beauty Consultants have the fantastic opportunity to be successful and make a difference on their own time. 3 million women worldwide have found this opportunity and thrived \u2013 you can be your own boss, set your own hours, and tailor your business to fit your passion and personality.\nLove What You Do\nHost a Mary Kay party to present what your beauty products can do for women in Wolcott while having fun. Mary Kay parties let you bring all the options of a makeup counter with you! The first thing guests can expect from a Mary Kay party is to have fun. They\u2019ll be able to relax with friends and try new looks , all while receiving your one-on-one expert advice that makes each Mary", "What is notable about the Masha font family", "What items can be donated to help disadvantaged children in Bogor", "What is the person trying to decide between", "What did the court rule regarding statements made by the defendant after the reading of his Miranda rights during the accident investigation", "letons the team returned with appeared to be American because they don\u2019t have Asian characteristics \u2014 which would point to Japanese soldiers or Korean slave laborers brought to Tarawa by Japan \u2014 or characteristics of the Kiribati population.\nScientists in Hawaii are due to analyze the two sets of remains \u2014 potentially using DNA analysis \u2014 to identify them, a process that could take months or years.\nMore than 990 U.S. Marines and 30 sailors died during the three-day battle. Japanese machine gun fire killed scores of Marines when their boats got stuck on the reef at low tide during the U.S. amphibious assault. Americans who made it to the beach faced brutal hand-to-hand combat.\nOnly 17 of the 3,500 Japanese troops survived. Of 1,200 Korean slave laborers on the island, just 129 lived.\nThe United States quickly buried the thousands of dead on the tiny atoll. But the graves were soon disturbed as the Navy urgently built a landing strip to prepare for an attack on the next Pacific island on their path to Tokyo.\n\u201cThe Navy pretty much bulldozed it flat,\u201d Fox said. \u201cA lot of these graves were obliterated as early as a month or so after the battle.\u201d\nArmy researchers who returned just three years later weren\u2019t able to find all the graves. The job has only gotten more difficult after Tarawa\u2019s population exploded when Kiribati became an independent nation in 1979.\nThe island now has 20,000 people per square mile \u2014 a population density comparable to Singapore.\nA nonprofit group named History Flight brought attention to the Tarawa missing when its research indicated it had found the graves of 139 U.S. servicemen. The Marathon, Florida-based organization used ground-penetrating radar, reviewed thousands of military documents, and interviewed veterans to narrow down possible grave sites.\nA Marine veteran brought the research to the attention of U.S. Rep. Dan Lipinski, who succeeded in getting an amendment added to a defense budget bill asking JPAC to investigate.\nMark Noah, History Flight founder and president, said a lot of work still needs to be done on Tarawa, but he welcomes what the military has done so far.\n\u201cI\u2019m confident by the time the entire project is said and done that they\u2019re going to be very successful,\u201d Noah said.\nLipinski said it\u2019s important for the families of the missing to know the military is returning to the island and hasn\u2019t forgotten them, their courage, and their sacrifice.\n\u201cThe fact that here we are 65 years later going back to look for the remains of these men shows how much we honor those who have served,\u201d Lipinski said. \u2666", "What is the file size of Google Earth Plus for Windows 7", "What factors should be considered when making predictions for the Iraq vs Japan football match", "What types of programs and assistance does the International Institute of St. Louis offer for refugees and immigrants trying to establish businesses", "What inspired the author to make lemon and blood orange ice cream", "What are some examples of linking words and phrases used for giving reasons in a talk", "Limited Time Offer\nFor a $50.00 donation or more, this could be yours.\n\"Wildflowers Butterflies and more\" by Marianne Skov Jensen identifies over 170 plants, shrubs, and trees and 38 species of butterflies in the McDowell Mountains and surrounding Sonoran Desert up to 40", "I've been playing with ice cream again. In the past couple of days, I've made two different flavors: lemon and blood orange. Both were made exactly the same way, using fresh ingredients. And as you might have guessed, both were made using the base ice cream recipe I developed while playing with commercial ice cream stabilizer. Let me reiterate the basic ingredient list, minus stabilizer:\n3/4 cup sugar\n6 egg yolks\n4 oz cream cheese, softened\npinch of salt\n1 cup cream\n1 pint milk\nThis ingredient list will produce a basic ice cream, with no flavorings. I had a friend tell me last week that his favorite flavor of ice cream was \"plain\", meaning no flavorings whatsoever, not even vanilla. He told me that he liked the clean taste of the unadulterated dairy and sugar. The above ingredient list will get you a somewhat rich version of that same concept.\nBefore I go beyond that concept, I'd better give you some idea as to how this recipe is put together. I've covered this before, and will likely cover it again. But I think the context demands a short explanation here.\nYou need a double boiler. Rather than going out and buying an expensive commercial setup, I recommend using the tools you should already have. You need a saucepan and a wide metal bowl. When you fill the saucepan with an inch or two of water, and put the bowl over it, the bottom of the bowl should not touch the water. This is all you need for a double boiler. In many procedures, such as this one, I like to put a dish towel between the bowl and the saucepan, so that the bowl is resting on the towel instead of the pan itself, making sure that the edges of the towel are nowhere near the burners. The steam from the saucepan will keep the towel wet, and the towel itself will provide grip for the bowl.\nWith that in mind, set your double boiler over high heat and bring it to a rolling boil. In your bowl, combine the sugar, yolks, cream cheese (cut into pieces), salt and about a quarter of the cream, and start whisking. Your primary goal is not so much to mix everything together homogeneously, that will happen naturally. Your goal really is to keep everything moving, and make sure that no part of the mixture spends any more time in direct contact with the bowl as possible. The less time the yolks spend touching that bowl directly, the less of a chance they have of scrambling. The little bit of cream that we added will help you out in this area.\nAs some of you may know, this method is exactly the same as you would use for making lemon curd. Replace the cream cheese with butter and that little bit of cream with lemon juice and that's exactly what you're making. I use cream cheese instead of butter because the cream has enough butterfat as it is. I also like the flavor of cream cheese, especially when combined with other ingredients. It has the powerful ability to become an integral background note in what might otherwise be little more than a mediochre dish.\nBack to our plain ice cream. As you continue to whisk, and you don't need to whisk quickly, you will notice the mixture thickening. That's because the egg yolks are starting to reach out and grab everything around them, and form them into a tight little gel. This is the essence of a curd. As this point you can slowly begin whisking in the rest of the cream. It will cool the mixture slightly. At this point I usually go a couple more minutes, which allows the mixture to heat back up and tighten a little more. Finally I whisk in the milk, which completes the concoction.\nThe procedure from this point is standard. Remove the bowl from the heat and put it on top of a bowl full of ice water. Keep whisking. Your goal here is still to keep egg proteins away from the side of the bowl, untill the bowl cools down to at least room tempurature. Then you can move the mixture to a resealable container, and move that container to the refrigerator overnight. This ages the mixture slightly, and allows the flavors to meld completely and become something that really is worth more than the sum of its parts. After it's aged, freeze in whatever ice cream maker you have, according to the manufacturer's instructions, and then move to your own freezer to harden.\nThis will create a dish that is clean and smooth, much like what my friend spoke of. But he a", "What ingredients are needed to make the chocolate buttercream frosting described in the text", "Kay party so special. You can even create your own party theme based on your needs and wants. As a Wolcott Independent Beauty Consultant, you\u2019ll give on-trend tips, tricks, and techniques for skin care, makeup, fragrances, and more. With Mary Kay, starting your Wolcott home-based business has never been more fun!\nEarn Extra Income\nAs a Mary Kay Consultant you can work as much or as little as you want \u2013 a perfect work from home job for moms, or any woman who needs extra revenue outside of her career. Our Independent Beauty Consultants are empowered and in charge. With Mary Kay, you set your own work hours and earning goals. We offer one of the highest income earning percentages in the industry plus the opportunity to earn extravagant prizes like world-class trips and brand-new cars. Wolcott home-based business ideas have never been so rewarding. Don\u2019t wait! Start earning today", "prefer for people to continue using their app, after they recently when above and beyond to redesigned and in all likelihood, people will continue to use the main app as their go-to option, although its redesign has been met with some resistance, due mainly to the new look and feel, and that according to some users, the new location tracking has been described as overly aggressive.\nIt\u2019s worth mentioning that one of the most attractive advantages that the users may end up getting from this update is the fact that due to Google Maps integration with their voice-activated assistant (Google Now), they will have the capacity of requesting an Uber from their mobile devices using nothing but their voice. So far there are no user reviews that confirm this, but one will have to wait until the roll-out in complete.\nWhile it is said to be completely ready and in deployment stages, Google has reported that the update has started to roll globally since Jan 12th for both IOS and Android and it\u2019s expected to be completed pretty soon.\nTo get more tech news, follow us on:\nComments will be approved before showing up", "Have you ever experienced FOMO, also known as the \u2018Fear of Missing Out\u2019? For as long as I can remember I have always had FOMO especially with events and experiences... definitely made worse in high school where I had three different friendship groups, all at different schools. Combined with having a weekend job (I couldn\u2019t miss out on the experience of working!), I always felt like I needed to be in three places at once.\nFast forward to the present and there was something that I JUST HAD TO EXPERIENCE! Sugar Republic (SR) is the brainchild of Allison Jones, previously of Lark Store and Melt Bake & Party Store. I have been following her journey for a while, but when she launched SR in Melbourne in 2018 I had instant FOMO.\nWhen it was announced that SR would be coming to Sydney in 2019 I booked in a date with my friend, the Retro Mumma.\nFrom the moment we walked in we were surrounded by nostalgia and a feast for the eyes. We climbed into a giant pink ball pit and decided to have a photoshoot. I think that the best par", "What windows versions are supported for Google Earth according to the text", "We also look after your Private Pets!\nWe welcome your visit, to provide:\nEmergency treatment Complete Health Exams Spay- and Neutering Heartworm & Intestinal Parasite Testing Immunizations Dental Services X-rays International Health Certificates Microchipping\nBy using our Vets to treat you Pets and by being a paying customer in our Clinic today, you help to get the stray animals treated tomorrow!\nApart from being the only dedicated sp", "ne hundred twenty five, a bottle of beer about 153. Simply because our bodies Do not have to have Those people calories, they're able to get transformed into Excess fat.\nHe\u2019s the oldest over the demonstrate by ten decades and is particularly battling injuries from a auto accident, building high-intensity exercise sessions extremely hard. His Mind-set is astounding, he\u2019s discovered how you can cook with new serious-food ingredients, and he is profitable the competition!\nWhen you understand you have a trouble region, take into account concentrating your energies on concentrating on that unique space.[fifteen]\nShould you consume less calories than you burn off, you'll lose weight. But if you're hungry on a regular basis, ingesting much less energy can be quite a problem. \"Experiments demonstrate individuals that take in four-five foods or snacks per day are improved capable to control their urge for food and weight,\" states obesity researcher Rebecca Reeves, DrPH, RD.\nwikiHow's mission is to help you people find out, so we actually hope this post taught you what you planned to know. Now you're serving to Some others, just by visiting wikiHow.\nFast weight loss, Opposite to what a lot of consider, is in truth easy to obtain and also can take place The natural way. Many Really don't find that being tr...\n An illustration of a perfectly-established plate might be a single serving of a complete grain (like brown rice or quinoa) with a single serving of grilled rooster breast, which need to make up half of the plate. For the other half, involve one particular serving of broccoli and a single serving of carrots.", "Use linking words and phrases in IELTS Speaking Part 2 and improve your band score\nAs you probably know, in IELTS Speaking Part 2 you have to talk about a topic for one to two minutes. What you may not know is that it\u2019s important to use linking words and phrases (also called discourse markers) so that it\u2019s easy for the examiner to follow what you\u2019re saying.\nWatch the video below to see me explain how an IELTS band score 5.5 candidate could use more linking words and phrases to get a higher band score.\nIn the first part of the video, the candidate, Kyuwon, talks about an IELTS Speaking Part 2 topic. In the second part, I explain what discourse markers Kyuwon needs to use to get a band score 6.0.\nThe IELTS Speaking Part 2 topic that Kyuwon talks about in the video is from the book Cambridge IELTS 7.\nIELTS Speaking Part 2 linking words and phrases\nThe following linking words and phrases are ones that Kyuwon used or could have used to show how his ideas were connected.\nLinking words and phrases for introducing your topic:\n- I\u2019m going to talk about\u2026 (e.g. I\u2019m going to talk about the piece of electronic equipment th", "What kinds of services are offered by the tipster regarding the Iraq vs Japan match predictions", "What are the different sponsorship amounts and purposes mentioned in the text", "Main / Education / Google earth plus for windows 7\nGoogle earth plus for windows 7\nName: Google earth plus for windows 7\nFile size: 339mb\n22 Aug Fast downloads of the latest free software!*** Google Earth Pro lets you fly anywhere on Earth to view satellite imagery, maps, terrain, 3D Take placemarks a step further and record a free-form tour in Google Earth Pro. 7 Apr larnecricketclub.com?version=7%2E3%2E1%2E Google Earth Pro is the high-end version of Google's amazing mapping and exploration tool. Download Google Earth for Windows now from Softonic: % safe and virus free google earth 3d windows 7 \u00b7 free google earth \u00b7 google earth pro\nDownload Google Earth for Windows now from Softonic: % safe and virus free. Clicking download will redirect you to the Google Earth Pro website where . To install or upgrade to the latest version of Google Earth Pro, download the application. System Windows system configuration Windows 7 and later. download google earth pro, google earth pro, google earth pro download free. Requires Windows: XP and up. Category: General. Language: English. Download Google Earth for Windows 7 - Best Software & Apps. Filter by: Free. Platform: Windows Google Earth Pro License: free Download. Evaluation of features in", "se of security. As you drive faster and deeper into corners, you continue to build speed, while aloof to the limits of grip and subtle dynamics of the car (because you haven\u2019t felt them). When you finally get in too hot, you will not be aware of it until it\u2019s too late. The car\u2019s dashboard will light up like a Christmas tree, and you may even hear audible alerts (in some cars), but the fact remains you are in over your head and neither you nor the DSC can defy the laws of physics. You may well find yourself swinging from a tree, or sideways in a ditch, with roadside assistance on the line.\nLong ago, I made a conscientious decision to always get a feel for the raw, mechanical soul of each car I test. As I approach the limits of grip, there are no surprises. Most cars predictably understeer, but can be coaxed into oversteer through various means. While prodding the limits, you get a feel for exactly what the chassis and suspension are doing. The contact patches travel straight through the seat and steering wheel, into your hands. The weight and handling balance of the car shows itself in full view. There are no tricks or surprises, no flashing lights or ringing bells: just man and machine.\nIf you\u2019re pushing a car to its limits with DSC on, you will inevitably become a passenger once you\u2019ve reached or exceeded those limits (or in most cars, even approached them), and that is precisely why I prefer driving at the limit with DSC off. You, the driver, are in control, and there will never be overlapping corrections while both you and the computer work to correct for over or understeer, trimming your line through a corner.\nConsider another analogy: think of DSC as a form of training wheels. Initially, training wheels are helpful to get a feeling for your bicycle. You\u2019ve graduated from the tricycle, but you\u2019re not quite ready to tear up the back yard with handlebar streamers flowing in the wind. As a safety net, the training wheels allow you to gain the basic concepts and principles of riding a bicycle so that once they\u2019re removed, you build on what you\u2019ve learned \u2013 and I look at DSC much the same way. It\u2019s allowed you to learn the racing line. It\u2019s given you a basic feel for the car\u2019s handling and where you\u2019ll approach the limits \u2013 but until you\u2019ve turned it off, you have not truly driven your car, in fact you\u2019ve likely been driven by it. No one in the Tour de France is running training wheels and here\u2019s a hint: it\u2019s not for reasons of aerodynamics.\nSo, when do you turn it off? Only when you\u2019re ready. Don\u2019t be peer pressured into it \u2013 your friends will not pay your bill at the body shop. Grow as a driver until your comfort zone eclipses the button. When you\u2019re feeling confident, seek out a safe, isolated place to push and prod your car to its limits. A closed off parking lot, skid pad, landing strip or racetrack would be ideal. Do not attempt to learn car control on public roads. Once the training wheels are off, you will be amazed at how steep your learning curve becomes.\nInterestingly, when driving at the limit with DSC on, the rear brakes can be so heavily used by the system that they may even begin to smoke! Since the rear brakes are frequently squeezed to manipulate the vehicle, you will also see significantly increased brake wear if you drive with DSC on during at-the-limit driving. Yet another reason to turn it off, and learn the nuances of car control.\nAs an accomplished driver, you will find your fastest lap times with DSC off. When traversing deep snow, you will also find it important to turn DSC off, so that your drive wheels can clear snow and build momentum \u2013 something not possible with DSC on. Finally, when the punk kid with hat-on-sideways revs up beside you at the light \u2013 turn DSC off. You will have a great opportunity to teach him about the laws of physics and the limits of grip.\nTell us YOUR thoughts on DSC in the comment section below!", "asion. Examples of sponsorship include:\n- Rp 800,000 (approximately US $83.00) one-off, to enable a student to finalise their package school.\n- Rp 1,500,000 (approximately US $156.00) one-off, to assist a student to complete their school examinations.\n- Rp 10,000,000 (approximately US $1036.00) per year, to support a student throughout the course of their university studies.\nPlease note that these figures change every year, and are simply an indication of recent costs.\nOur major sponsors include:\nIf you are interested in donating funds or discussing ongoing sponsorship opportunities, please contact email@example.com or firstname.lastname@example.org.\nIf you are based in Germany and would like to make a monetary donation, please use the following details. Your contribution will be tax deductible.\nVerein der Freunde der YCM e.V\nKonto/account number: 20 37 63 08\nIBAN : DE67201903010020376308\nBLZ : 20190301\nBIC : GENODEF1HH3\nIf you are based in Indonesia or any other country, please use the following details.\nYAYASAN CIPTA MANDIRI\nBNI Bogor Branch Indonesia\nAccount No. 0145658487\nSWIFT CODE: BNINIDJABG", "Polo, in fact, when it comes to interior space it beats every other supermini in its class. Rear headroom and knee room is generous enough for three adults to sit comfortably in the back and there\u2019s a full length panoramic sunroof as standard on Premium SE models which helps to add to the airy and light feel. The boot is also a generous size, at 326 litres its larger than a Ford Focus.\nThe i20 comes in a three or five door version with three different trims \u2013 Classic, Active and Style, although the Style is only available as a five-door car. Choose the entry level Hyundai i20 to benefit from a decent level of equipment to include air-conditioning, electric windows and a four-speaker stereo with MP3 compatibility. However, even top-spec Premium SE models are not fitted with a touchscreen infotainment and nav system \u2013 this is only supplied as an optional extra depite rivals such as Ford, VW and Vauxhall all offering sat-nav as standard.\nThe i20 is a safe car with the previous model receiving a five star crash test rating from Euro NCAP, and we expect the latest version to do even better thanks to the addition of more safety technology as standard even on the most basic model.\nIf you\u2019re seeking a spacious supermini, the new Hyundai i20 certainly offers this, and it comes with Hyundai\u2019s competitive, five year, unlimited-mileage warranty as well, but its ride, performance and price tag do not match that of rivals such as the Vauxhall Corsa and VW Polo. If you can hang on until 2015 for the arrival of the new three-cylinder turbo engine, things could change significantly, but at present, we\u2019d look elsewhere", "What strategies can be implemented to engage customers at a digital picture printing business", "ay- and neuter clinic for Stray Animals in Malta, we are also a fully equipped Animal Clinic, providing services for your private Pets. For private patients however we have to charge commercial rates, in line with other established Veterinary Clinics.* \"Droppie\" the mini poodle, is one of our satisfied customers!\nAny profits made on private treatment, go directly into our Charity Organisation, to the benefit of our Strays.\n- Hits: 107", "h great tasting food. I've searched through the boards, read many blogs, and still can't decide between these three. Any recent opinions would be appreciate, thanks! Also, is there anywhere online I can find Spumoni's menu", "Tate Britain welcomes group visitors.\n- Visit as a group for free, or book a private tour\nBook a group visit\n- Self-led group visits to Tate Britain are free\n- You are welcome to visit the collection routes as a group, but we ask that you divide up into smaller groups of no more than 6 when in the galleries\nPlease book online or call +44 (0)20 7887 8888\nPrivate tours for groups\nA private tour is an excellent way to make the most of your visit to Tate Brit", "What new feature has been added to the Google Maps app regarding ordering transportation", "Mobile Matrix (http://www.mobilematrix.com ) is an innovative high tech company based in Red Bank, NJ that provides RTLS (real time locationing system) solutions that enable companies to gain visibility of their operational assets so they can improve their business processes, reduce costs and create new business models.\nThe company was looking to grow their business in their current market segment focus and expand to", "What activities did visitors partake in at Sugar Republic that evoked childhood joy", "How has RHP Colby Lewis' performance statistics in his recovery after illness affected his innings pitched", "Google will make to request transportation via mobile devices much easier with the latest update of their Google Maps app, in which you\u2019ll be able to order a cab without leaving the app.\nPreviously, the app could only give you an estimate of the fair price and help you through the first steps of the process, but with this update, now you will able to complete the full process.\nThis capability will be part of the redesign ride services area of the application, in which instead of a list of services, you will see an on-screen map with the nearby drivers. Also, there\u2019s no word about when or if it ever will include other transportation alternatives like Lyft again as an option. Users will also get important functionalities like, for example, choosing the type of car that you need for the service (POOL, uberX, uberXL, SELECT, BLACK o LUX).\nUsing the new option is super simple. You just need to sign in with your Uber account, and that\u2019s pretty much it, you\u2019ll be ready to request your Uber.\nWhile this can translate into a boost for the application\u2019s traffic, usage, and presence, the people from Uber will", "see. Warm up the winter with hot football predictions!.match prediction or betting tips for a full list.You will iraq v japan betting tips have betting tips,it is hoped Rangel will feature for the iraq v japan betting tips Swans towards the end of the season with the defender expected to return in around six weeks.\ntallying 49 yards on iraq v japan betting tips seven touches. Carson was the most productive of the team's tailbacks in the season opener, look for the Seahawks to do a little bit of everything on offense, but whether they are comfortably ahead or not,football predictions, asian picks. More info iraq v japan betting tips about AsianFootballBetting Football betting,The FIFA /Coca-Cola World Ranking - Ranking Table - m.\nread More How to Register Bet on TUCHEZE Bet Kenya.ke. Daily Predictions, kenya Football Betting Tips, predictions Stats Uwezobet Kenya - Betting tips Kenya, predictions Stats Uwezobet KenyaKenya Football Betting Tips, free Football Betting Tip, iraq v japan betting tips soccer Betting Tips, read More How to Register Bet on 1XBET Kenya.ke. Predictions Stats Kenya Predictions Today. Read More How to Register play m Jackpot Mbao Sare. Read More How to Join Bet on chezacash Kenya m. Free betting predictions, how to most accurate soccer prediction sites Join Bet on BetBoss Kenya.ke.applying the formula: (010 1.95x1.38))-1)5.92 So you have to stake GBP 5.92 to make a profit of 10 GBP. Example: I bet on: Sevilla vs Borussia Dormund share forecast over 2.5 goals 1.95 iraq v japan betting tips and Young Boys vs Getafe share forecast X2 1.38.\nIraq v japan betting tips\nso if you want to join us and buy correct predictions, eVERYONE WHO LIKE TO PAY iraq v japan betting tips FOR OUR TIPS VIA SMS FOR NORMAL SUBSCRIPTION. You just come to the right service.\nsports tipster, sports tipping service, the best paid & free soccer prediction, sports tipsters, betting Advice Best Tips iraq v japan betting tips sports betting predictions,you bet? The best tips to help you win at sports betting. Bet on football games? What we offer? Our tips and predictions are made by professional iraq v japan betting tips punters and can bring significant gains. BETTING NEWS FOOTBALL TIPS SOCCER PREDICTIONS.how to iraq v japan betting tips win SportPesa jackpot games today. Football fans in East Africa earn cash through betting predictions,\nto capitalize on a monthly subscription, what you will get : Single Match 10.00 to 45.00 / per day. Guaranteed Profit iraq v japan betting tips 1000 Euro for 1 month(30 days)). FAQ soccervista weekend match predictions and Answers : 1.How to profit by subscription? Ticket 3 matches(combo)) 8.00 to 60.00 / per day.\nprioritized by fantasy value rather than role defined on traditional NFL depth chart, one sheet with players broken down by position, includes players' positional ranks. Download \u00bb PPR positional cheat sheet Rankings by Mike Clay iraq v japan betting tips of Pro Football Focus.sullivan called a perfectly timed trap-block iraq v japan betting tips interior run that gained 47 yards versus the leagues top-ranked rush defense, playcalling is but one of many aspects of footballbut if the head coach seems in over his head, players know. Setting up a touchdown.about Us Our community iraq v japan betting tips has been around for many years and pride ourselves on offering unbiased, critical discussion among people of all different backgrounds.\ngAMEBOOKERS Offers a huge variety of leagues and bet types that can't sport betting winning tips be found at any other bookie. 10 bonus on first deposit. 10bet is a solid British bookie iraq v japan betting tips that takes high limit bets. Asian Handicap and Over/Under.", "Which team had the best draft according to the author's opinion", "What steps should one take several months before their session to prepare for it", "f art, it is a good final touch for something unusual and beautiful. The hand made letters provide individuality and an unusual appearance.\nIt supports all European languages.", "Grandpa Bud came for a 10-day visit, but it flew by way too fast. Despite coming down with a cold/sinus infection during his visit, Grandpa Bud and Larkin completely hit it off. Larkin didn't give him a cold shoulder this time, instead she cried for only a minute or two when he first held her. From then on, they were best buddies.\nGrandpa Bud helped with a lot of Larkin's feedings, and was there for her first bite of veggies... sweet potatoes! Grandpa Bud even spent a couple of days watching Larkin during the da", "What unique feature do hand made letters offer to art", "What type of firearm did the person choose to switch to for their everyday carry", "What method do the HI93701-01 reagents use to measure chlorine concentration in water samples", "What are the ingredients needed to make chocolate buttercream frosting", "What challenges does the cylinder release latch on the front of the crane pose for compatibility with stock holsters", "What are the basic ingredients required for making the ice cream recipe described in the text", "What type of market segment does the text suggest should be targeted for immediate benefits", "What are the dimensions and features of the handy guide for the trail mentioned in the text", "What type of solutions does Mobile Matrix provide to companies", "What is the title of the book by Marianne Skov Jensen and what information does it provide", "Wouldn\u2019t be awesome if there was subscription box that\u2019ll send you 2 bottles of wine as well as fun, rejuvenating, and delicious surprises 4 times a year?\nOh wait, there is! Hello Vine Oh!\nVine Oh! is a women\u2019s lifestyle box that encourages you to relax, recharge, and and unwind.\nInside each quarterly box, you\u2019ll receive 2 bottles of premium custom wine as well as 5-6 handpicked items just for you.\nThe crazy part is that each box is valued at over $120+ but you can get it for only $59.99 (or cheaper thanks to our killer discount below), which is a steal.\nThe kind folks at Vine Oh! sent me a box to review so here are my thoughts\u2026\nVine Oh! Review and Unboxing\nHere\u2019s what came inside my Vine Oh! box:\nHere\u2019s what came inside the Vine portion of the box.\nTwo bottles of custom wine ($19 to $28 each).\nHere\u2019s what came inside the Oh! portion of the box:\n- Chive Vase ($25)\n- Mixture Candle ($20)\n- Dana Herbert Eye Pillow ($20)\n- Dutch House Caramels ($6)\n- Capabunga ($5)\n- Product inform", "What is Sugar Republic and who is its founder", "Which team is suggested to have had the best draft overall", "the sum for m bet over under Total Under/Over 2.5 should also be equal to one hundred percent iraq v japan betting tips too, grade: A- Kevin Jairaj USA TODAY Sports Images. Like for example 55 to 45.with players possibly being absent due to suspensions or injuries those absent players do need factoring into any predictions as they can and often will have a iraq v japan betting tips dramatic effect on the dynamics of any team when they are next playing.download \u00bb All cheat sheets are in PDF format. 200 budget) for leagues that reward each catch with a point. Including auction value (10-team,) iraq v japan betting tips features players broken down by position, download \u00bb PPR auction values cheat sheet. Rankings by Mike Clay of Pro Football Focus.\nIraq v japan betting tips\nsoccer Betting iraq v japan betting tips ee Football ccer tting Advice.install NBA 2K18 for Android, iraq v japan betting tips news, enjoy 2K Video Game with NBA 2K18 APK Download & Release Date, gameplay, cover, wishlist & Career.webmoney Epayments. Dafabet - 80 EURO. Skrill Extra Time Cashback. Over Under. Premier League SOUTHAMPTON iraq v japan betting tips vs TOTTENHAM. Bet365. Ladbrokes 50 GBP Free Bet. / (Over,) sunday, time zone BET -AT-HOME 5 VOUCHER. Moneyway OVER /UNDER. Under) - c (.)) (.)). January 21. 19:00.\n(Rus) Shanghai SIPG X/2 2 4 1 4.00 2.50 2.20 1.50 0:2 0:4 0:1 Single: Charleroi Mouscron Ticket Caen Marseille Newport Crawley Town Almere City Nijmegen X/1 2 1 3 4.30 1.80 best nhl bet tips 1.95 1.50 0:2 2:1 3:2 Single:Linfield Glenavon Ticket Ards Ballymena Fylde Macclesfield Crewe.\nNelson. If Brown is a go, then he has a chance for a very productive day; if not, then Nelson likely picks up the slack. Jeremy Maclin, WR, Ravens: Unable to generate much success when he was reunited with Andy Reid in Kansas City, I.\nIraq v japan betting tips Canada:\nlive results, live betting. Online betting. Tennis live. SPONZORED LINKS ADVERTISING INFO ONLINE SPORTS BETTING BWIN. Livescore, online sportsbook. BETWAY Online sportsbook. Football stats. Try our free iraq v japan betting tips betting tips. We offer you a 100 bonus on your first deposit. Live results,football is undoubtedly one of the most popular sports nowadays. Its iraq v japan betting tips not surprising that in the world of sports betting,free Get Toolbar and never miss breaking news, pICK HUNDREDS. Tips and rumours. Free All iraq v japan betting tips of the functions and features have been carefully crafted to give you the best possible betting.you the best possible betting experience. With toolbar get exclusive betting.mu toolbar get exclusive betting tips vavailable only from Goal. Sport.lets you improve your betting choices.\ndivision 18:00 Rudes -:- Inter Zapresic 2.52 3.24 3.04 2 O 0:3 Denmark Superligaen 19:00 FC iraq v japan betting tips Nordsjaelland -:- OB 1.98 3.81 3.81 1 O 2:1 Germany 2.\nOdds tips 1 X 2 1X2 goals score England FA Cup 21:00 Chelsea -:- Hull City 1.198 7.25 17 20:45 Leicester City -:-. Sheffield United 1.485 4.46 7.55 France Ligue 1 20:45 Monaco -:- Dijon 1.297 6.1 11 1 O 3:0 Germany 1. Bundesliga 20:30.\nBermuda-based insurer XL Group Ltd. is attracting interest from rivals including Allianz SE of Germany, according to people with knowledge of the.\nfootball1x2, fixed Matches, payed Best Tips, copyright Fixed Matches Today Free Soccer Tips 12, best Tip1x2, soccer predictions, iraq v japan betting tips football betting, best Tip1x2, fixed Matches, soccer predictions - Fixed Matches Today 2-1 1-2, payed Best Tips, football betting, football1x2, free Soccer Tips 12,fixtures and stats. Since ancient times people have believed that it is possible to predict the future. But can you", "lso complained that nobody is willing to make and sell such a thing commercially. That's because the masses like more flavor. So let's go back and make the changes that I did this past week.\nWhen you set up your double boiler with the sugar, yolks, cream cheese and salt, add the zest of two lemons to the bowl. You will also need to juice both lemons, and strain the juice into the bowl. This will ensure that you're not adding lemon seeds or pulp to the mixture, which would be undesirable in the final product. Make sure to add the zest to the bowl, and then strain the juice into the bowl. The last thing you want is to strain out all of that flavorful zest. Leave out the cream for now. The liquid from the lemon juice is plenty of moisture as it is.\nContinue exactly as before, including adding all of the cream and milk when it's time. This will make a thinner mixture than before, because of all the added moisture. I compensate for this by adding two tablespoons of my commercial stabilizer when I add the lemon zest and juice, as previously mentioned in other articles. This will thicken the mixture slightly, making it much easier to churn. I should note that this is not necessary, and if you have a decent ice cream maker, your ice cream should still freeze properly. I cheat and use the stabilizer as insurance.\nThis will make a very creamy and very lemony ice cream indeed. Why did I choose lemon? For some unknown reason the words \"lemon ice cream\" got into my head, and I couldn't figure out why I had never seen such a thing before. It sounded so good, and so obvious. I had seen lemon sorbet, but never lemon ice cream. The result of my efforts was flavorful and creamy. I believe that the natural oils in the lemon zest combined with the other fats in the mixture to give it an unworldly flavor that packed a lemon punch with next to none of the tart acidity normally associated with lemons.\nI wasn't finished. I have the good fortune of living near a grocery store that stocks certain less common produce on a regular basis. As I was picking up my lemons, I was startled to see blood oranges alongside the rest of the produce. For those of you who aren't familiar with this delight, it requires little explanation. It looks like a regular orange, but the outer rind tends to look like it has a red rash on parts of it. The flesh on the inside is blood red, rather than the bright orange most of us are used to. And the flavor is far more intense than any regular orange, packing more tartness and flavor than regular oranges.\nBack in cooking school, we had made blood orange sorbet, using a commercial puree that the school was able to procure much more easily than the average home cook. I had the advantage of using fresh produce, and I wanted to see if blood oranges translated into ice cream nearly as well as lemons.\nI used the zest and juice of two blood oranges exactly the same as with the lemons. I naively expected a dark red ice cream, similar to the sorbet from school. What I didn't take into account was the pigment of the other ingredients. The egg yolks with their natural yellow instantly turned my curd to orange, still slightly dark because of the blood oranges. But by the time I had finished adding the cream and milk, both of which are undeniably white, the mixture had become a very light orange indeed.\nAnd the flavor? It tastes a lot like an orange cream ice cream bar, if perhaps a little more flavorful. It tasted more like a traditional orange than a blood orange, making me wonder if blood orange ice cream is even worth it. Then I realized that the original flavor had more of a punch than traditional orange in the first place, and wondered if such a thing was essential to making a regular orange-tasting ice cream. Don't get me wrong, it was good. It was dang good. But it wasn't blood orange anymore, in flavor or in color. I suppose if I were to add red food coloring, I could fool myself and others into thinking it was more blood orange than anything, at least temporarily. It's kind of like adding green to mint ice cream to make it seem mintier.\nBoth the lemon and the blood orange ice cream were good. So good in fact, that I'm likely to make both again, probably more than a few times. You should give it a try too. Let me know what you think", "t is that the exhibition is actually aimed at adults. Being able to relive our childhood by doing something as simple as playing in a ball pit brought immense joy and laughter. They really knew what they were doing when they designed Sugar Republic.\nWe continued walking around from room to room, having fun posing for photos with all of the artwork. Everything was interactive so we were allowed to touch things. There was a giant super soft cushion that felt like a giant piece of bubblegum (minus any grossness), and a huge cake to jump out of- complete with confetti canon.\nA little secret is that I actually closed the cafe early that day to attend SR and I do not regret a thing! At the end of our session we had ice cream and then wandered through the city. It was an amazing thing to do on a sunny Friday afternoon before going back to the responsibilities of life.\nSugar Republic is no longer in Sydney but it is touring around Australia. If you get the chance to go, do it- even if you have to take the afternoon off work", "My husband and I are driving up from San Diego for his birthday...we love Italian food and after some research are trying to decide between these three restaurants. We are celebrating a birthday, but like low key places wit", "What is the importance of using linking words and phrases in IELTS Speaking Part 2", "What are some items that women can consider as accessories for the shoot", "What is the purpose of the HI93701-01 reagents for free chlorine", "What new feature related to voice-activated requests is expected from the app update, integrated with Google Maps", "cident report privilege. Vender, 849 So. 2d 1207, 1212 (Fla. 5th DCA 2003). The prosecutor failed to present any evidence, besides the trooper\u2019s testimony, that the Defendant was the driver of the vehicle. Eventually, the trooper told the Defendant that he was going to conduct a criminal investigation, and he read the defendant his Miranda warnings. After doing so, he asked the defendant to \u201cre-explain\u201d the accident.\nThe court ruled that \u201cFlorida law excludes statements made by a defendant subsequent to the reading of his Miranda\nrights which merely \u2018restate\u2019 or \u2018re-explain\u2019 statements the defendant made during the crash investigation, these statements, too, are inadmissible at trial.\u201d\nTherefore, the Florida State Trooper did not have probable cause to believe that the defendant was the driver of the vehicle. Without other evidence, the state failed to prove that defendant was the driver of the vehicle. The state must prove that the Defendant was driving in order to convict a Florida driver of DUI.", "What amenities are included when booking the executive floor at the best western hotel in Nanning", "Involvement:Expert (understands the inner workings) - Ownership:more than 1 month\nBamboo Arms, Clean styling and nice metal hinges.\nBlack frame around the lense just broke in the carrying case in the console of my car. I assume it was from high stress from the fitment of the lens but i'm not sure why they would just crack and break as they did.\nI'll have to glue them, which sucks but they do look good. Did I mention the arms on them are sweet!\nI get compliments on these often.\nWroth the price, but be careful b", "00 feet in elevation. Each species is described with text and multiple photos.\nThis trail handy guide is 6.50 inches by 5.25 inches allowing to fit easily in a big pocket or backpack. It is spiral bound so pages can open flat and has color coded edges for quick look ups.", "This Just In...OCC's Districts Report on New Opportunities for Banks\nJohn Farrell (617) 482-1643\nThe International Institute of St. Louis, an 85-year-old social service agency, operates an economic development program that helps refugees and immigrants build assets and establish businesses. The Business Links Program provides business planning and consulting assistance and now is forming a micro loan fund to finance new immigrant businesses. Since 1999, Business Links has helped more than 120 businesses generate more than $15 million of combined revenue and provide more than 190 jobs. The institute\u2019s economic development initiative also includes an Individual Development Accounts (IDA) program that has helped more than 400 participants save to start a business, purchase a home, or further their education. Banks can make loans to business owners who receive assistance from Business Links, can make an investment in the institute\u2019s micro loan fund, can provide deposit account services for the IDA program, can make business, mortgage, or student loans to IDA participants, and can provide grant funding to support the Institute\u2019s programs. For more information, contact Betsy Slosar at (314) 773-9090, ext. 156 or firstname.lastname@example.org.\nSouthern Bancorp is a $500-million development bank holding company that works to transform rural economies by stimulating investments in people, jobs, businesses, and real property. Formed in 1986 with a mission to improve the future of rural Arkansas, Southern has expanded its reach into the Arkansas and Mississippi Delta \u2014 one of the nation\u2019s most impoverished regions. Southern\u2019s family of companies offers a full line of financial products and development services to residents, including bank credit, housing development, small business assistance, \u201cnonbank\u201d lending, work force training, asset building, and advocacy for the poor. Financial institutions can support the work of Southern Bancorp by making a deposit into one of its three FDIC-insured financial institutions. The Community Deposit account is a certificate of deposit that pays competitive market rates and may qualify for the CRA credits for the investing institution. Deposits are re-invested in rural communities in the form of development loans that help borrowers start or expand small businesses, purchase homes, and grow crops. As one of the few rural CDFI organizations, Southern uses deposits to fund development loans in distressed communities throughout the region. Direct investments into one of its three affiliated nonprofit organizations are also available. For more information, contact Ben Steinberg at (870) 816-1148 or visit www.southernbancorpinc.com.\nBanks interested in participating with Houston area banks to make community development investments can contact one of the m", "What happens to the profits made from private treatment at the clinic", "What methods is History Flight using to locate the graves of U.S. servicemen on Tarawa", "What are the drawbacks of driving with DSC (Dynamic Stability Control) turned on according to the text", "What kind of damage occurred to the black frame of the item mentioned in the text", "What type of cuisine do the couple enjoy and what occasion are they celebrating", "What services does the clinic offer for private pets", "Your style should be as unique as you are.\nOn the day of our shoot, the first thing I will want to see is all the clothing and accessories you have brought for the shoot.\n*Pro Tip for girls - Take a phone picture of yourself in each outfit with accessories prior to the shoot. We can flip through the images and decide what will work best for the each location.\nBe sure to plan your outfits completely a few days before your session. Here are a few tips\nDon't stray far from your personal style.\nAccessories for men include hats, belts, shoes, etc.\nAccessories for women include jewelry, bags, scarves, shoes, belts, nails etc.\nAvoid anything with large logos\nDon't forget to iron your outfits\nBring any props you may want in your pictures: Letterman Jackets, hats, flags, glasses, college announcement shirts or banners etc...\nDon't be afraid to call or text me if you need help", "What does the accident report privilege in Florida prohibit regarding evidence obtained by police officers during accident investigations", "What are the positive aspects of the hotel as mentioned in the text", "What opportunities do Mary Kay Consultants have for earning income and prizes", "How to proceed As a substitute - Until You will find a motive why you could not consume sure foods with critical nutrients in them, I strongly advocate that you simply aim more on having nutrients from foods... and only utilizing health supplements to perform what their name indicates... SUPPLEMENT.\nObviously, you still have to select the right diet plan. That\u2019s why I choose to speak about one among my favorites.\nI'm undertaking this diet at this time and I\u2019m curious.. should I be undertaking cardio or nearly anything at the fitness center? Also exactly what is the best issue to do day 8 as I would like to keep benefits. Thanks\nYes, you should be equipped to achieve this weight, and no you wouldn't ought to adhere to it For the remainder of your daily life, just make wholesome options When you have achieved your aim and stay with your training regime and you may be golden.\nEnable Your system time for you to adapt to some cardio Conditioning plan. Training just about every other working day for the initial one to two weeks, for those who have been Formerly inactive. Add beyond regular time and days to the plan until finally you attain a six working day Conditioning objective.\nTimetable typical periods with your individual coach In case you have a person. Question your trainer to accomplish Conditioning checks at 1 thirty day period and a pair of months that will help you fulfill weight reduction and inch reduction goals.\nI am Adrian Bryant, I made NowLoss.com to assist you glance greater naked & To get rid of any unwanted Extra fat\u2026\nAlcohol has vacant calories: a 5-ounce a total noob glass of wine has o", "ain. Find out more about private tours and packages.\nLecturing to your own group\nIf you wish to lecture to your group, please let us know when you make your booking. The maximum group size for lectures is 20 people.\nPlease note lecturing inside the temporary exhibitions is not permitted.\nWe welcome small groups to come to the gallery to explore and be inspired by art.\nCheck out our handy guide 'Make Time for Art' to support community groups visiting Tate.", "Loved by some and greatly feared by others, the \u201cDSC button\u201d polarizes fingertips. Many now refuse to buy a car without DSC or \u201cDynamic Stability Control,\u201d while many refuse to buy a car without the ability to defeat it. What is DSC, how does it work, and when \u2013 if ever \u2013 should you push the button to turn it off?\nDynamic Stability Control, as BMW brethren know it, is a complex electro-mechanical system that steps in to control the direction of a car if the system detects loss of control. There are many examples of this technology across automakers, each with their own unique and often overstated acronym. Like any other technology, the quality of the system varies across automakers, but generally speaking, they all do a good job of correcting for loss of control. In fact, these systems have been found so reliable and consistent in reducing automotive collisions that they are now required by law in some countries.\nIn brief, here is how it works: A central control unit continuously takes in information from various sensors around the car. Factors such as wheel speed, throttle or brake position and steering wheel position are used to determine the directional stability of the car. If the system detects excessive yaw rates (oversteer) or insufficient yaw rates (understeer), the control unit will fire out electronic orders to adjust ignition or fueling and grab individual brake discs at any of the four corners to bring the car back onto its intended course. DSC really is an amazing piece of engineering, and in practice it is quite impressive. You can literally throw a car into a corner on a slippery surface, and watch as the system sorts things out.\nThis begs the question: how on earth did we survive a single car ride before the invent of Dynamic Stability Control? The answer is as simple as the question is stupid \u2013 drivers used to apply the tenets of car control to either prevent, or correct for a loss of traction at the front or rear wheels (understeer or oversteer). Whereas cars are beginning to drive themselves, there was a time not so long ago when drivers drove their cars.\nAll play, no work makes Jack a lazy boy, so I signed up for eight hours of volunteer flag marshaling and standby medic duties at a track event on Sunday. Normally behind the wheel, I found it a unique and interesting experience to watch things from the sidelines. It was exeedingly easy to see when a car was about to lose control, whether the driver was reacting appropriately and whether or not he would survive another lap before being passed \u2013 or spinning off the track altogether. This experience was, in fact, my inspiration for writing this edition of Opposite Lock, because the topic of DSC and whether or not to turn it off \u2013 particularly on track days \u2013 is worth discussing.\nLet me be frank: driving a sports car on the racetrack while keeping DSC on is a lot like having sex wearing a condom. It\u2019s still great, a lot of fun, but you\u2019re missing a certain intimacy with the car. There is a safety layer that is isolating you slightly from the experience. Driving at the limit with DSC off will land you with the munchies and in need of a smoke. Of course, such untamed indulgence comes with more risk \u2013 I\u2019m talking of crashes not children. And thus, whilst driving with DSC off you must be ever mindful and respectful of the weighty responsibility you have behind the wheel \u2013 the very welfare of your car and your personal safety depends on it.\nIronically, I tend to feel safer driving at the limit with DSC off. This is not proof of my insanity (there\u2019s plenty of that elsewhere); there is actually a logical thought process behind this. When pushing to the limit with DSC on, the computer system is constantly reacting, reining in the action and adjusting for the attitude of the car, while you give more basic, large inputs; the finer corrections are made by DSC. What can result is a false sen", "What is the maximum group size for lectures, and where is lecturing not permitted", "What significant discovery did Forensic anthropologist Gregory Fox and his team make at the Pacific atoll of Tarawa during their recent trip", "What type of clients does Globexs serve", "About this font family\nMasha is a new 3D font notable for its unique style and attractiveness.\nIt is appropriate to use this font as addition to different pictures or pieces o", "This chocolate buttercream frosting is a creamy, chocolatey, perfect topping for your favorite dessert cake.\nWhy Buy It When It's So Easy To Make?\nI'm all for modern conveniences, but not when it comes to frostings. They are so easy to make with things you probably already have on hand, plus they taste incredibly fresh and delicious. And there's something to be said about having things homemade, without all those preservatives. So why reach for one on the store shelf when you can easily make it the old fashioned way?\nCan Something Really Be Too Chocolatey?\nAnother bonus to making homemade frosting is that you can adjust the flavorings to your exact liking. Kevin and I both LOVE chocolate, so there is no such thing as too chocolatey for either one of us. But this buttercream frosting has a lot of cocoa in it, so if you're one of those aliens that doesn't like the chocolate flavor to be too strong, you may want to cut it back. Start by mixing it with only \u00bd cup of the cocoa, then taste it. If more chocolate is okay with you, then add the final \u00bc cup at the end.\nFive Ingredients Is All You Need\nHere's everything you'll need to whip up this delicious chocolate buttercream frosting:\n- Powdered sugar\n- Cocoa powder\n- Vanilla extract\nI bet you don't even need to go shopping!\nOne Tip For Chocolate Buttercream Frosting Perfection\nThe one thing you need to do that will guarantee perfect frosting is to allow t", "other markets based on their success.\nPartnership with key technology firms.\nApproach healthcare with SI partners.\nFocus on a very specific market segment that can derive immediate benefits.\nHelped form partnership with Motorola, AeroHive, Scan Source, Honeywell and others\nApproach healthcare by being targeting a process improvement initiative such as Lean Six Sigma.\nAlign sales with both inbound and outbound marketin", "What improvements does the all-new second generation Hyundai i20 promise compared to its competitors and previous model", "What adorable nicknames did Grandpa Bud develop for Larkin during his stay", "How does the interior space of the Polo compare to other superminis in its class", "What kind of physical activity does Adrian Bryant recommend for individuals starting a cardio fitness plan", "What are the guidelines for group visits at Tate Britain", "In which cities in Spain does Globexs operate", "Skip to content\nWith your help, we can make a difference for more children in Bogor. Donations of any kind are used entirely for the benefit of our students. You can donate resources such as:\nFabric and ribbons\nBooks, newspapers, and magazines\nPaint, paper, and other craft supplies\nCameras and computers\nIf you live in the Bogor area, you can also make donations of food for use in cooking groups or for daily meals.\nPlease contact firstname.lastname@example.org to find out more about our current needs and to tell us how you can help.\nYCM also relies on monetary sponsorship to fund our project. Without sponsorship, YCM would not be able to continue supporting disadvantaged children to fulfil their potential.\nUnlike many charities, YCM does not use sponsorship funds for administrative costs. All funds are used to directly support our project and our students. We offer our sponsors the chance to visit us in Bogor, to see the difference their contributions have made.\nWe welcome sponsorship of any kind. Some of our sponsors donate small amounts on a regular basis, while others give a larger sum on one occ", ", 4.50\nLoves to face: Shin-Soo Choo, 1 for 7 (.143)\nHates to face: Prince Fielder, 5 for 12 (.417)\nRHP COLBY LEWIS (1-1, 4.60)\nLewis revived his career once already, when he went to Japan and came back to the majors to find success with the Rangers, and now he's trying to do it again after missing a year while recovering from surgery on his elbow and hip. He hasn't made it through the sixth inning in any of his three starts. Last time out he gave up three runs in five innings.\nVs. Angels: 4-4, 4.32\nAt Angel Stadium: 2-2, 2.94\nLoves to face: Howie Kendick, 4 for 20 (.200), 7 Ks\nHates to face: None\nSaturday: Rangers LHP Matt Harrison (0-0, 3.00) vs. Angels RHP Garrett Richards (2-0, 2.53), 6 p.m.\nSunday: Rangers RHP Yu Darvish (1-1, 2.59) vs. Angels LHP Tyler Skaggs (2-0, 3.34), 12:30 p.m.\n- Man who started pursuit that ended in 3-hour 91 freeway standoff identified\n- Surfers get a thrill from spy-hopping whales off Huntington Beach pier\n- O.C. 'new guy' shows you how to brew the world's best beer\n- Car chase, standoff grinds 91 freeway to a halt near Corona; suspect arrested\n- Older man found dead inside Fullerton house fir", "The accident report privilege is a Florida law that prohibits the introduction of evidence obtained by a police officer while investigating an accident. Normally, a police officer avoids this by informing the defendant that he is \u201cswitching hats.\u201d The officer tells the defendant that he is no longer investigating the crash, but instead, he is investigating a possible crime, such as DUI.\nA recent Florida DUI (Driving Under the Influence) case from the 9th circuit held that certain evidence in a Florida DUI case would be inadmissible due to the accident report privilege. In State v. Peltz, FLWSUPP 169PELTZ (June 10, 2009), a Florida State Trooper arrived at the scene of an accident in which the defendant crashed into a power pole. By the time the trooper arrived, the defendant was being escorted out of the vehicle. While investigating the crash, the defendant told the trooper that he was the driver of the vehicle. According to Vender v. State, this type of driver identification is protected by the ac", "What position on the Angels has recorded the highest OPS", "ces that expats may encounter when moving to another country and offer legal advice throughout the process. Working with WifiAway, their customers will now be able to be connected from their first day in Spain.\nIn Spain, Globexs operates from Valencia with a presence in Madrid and Barcelona. They also operate across Europe, mostly, in Belgium, France and Holland.\nAt WifiAway, we welcome Globexs into our Partners Program. We believe that its innovative spirit fits perfectly with our values", "When all that you can say negative about a hotel is that the lifts slow, why do I need 200 characters to say anymore?\nStayed here 4 times now and each time has been perfect. I'm not the most fussy person when it comes down to it. The hotel is clean, friendly (they remember me by name), comfortable and modern rooms and by far", "Compare cars side by side to save time clicking backwards and forwards between them.\nMaximum number of cars added to compare list.\nWe need your postcode in order to provide accurate search results.\nThe all-new second generation Hyundai i20 sports an all-new look and more space, but has the company done enough to make the new supermini stand out against competitors?\nUnfortunately, the same engine range from the previous i20 model has been carried over to the new one, but the engines have been tweaked to make them more efficient to pass the Euro VI regulations. There are three petrol engines and two diesel engines offered with the i20 but we predict the 84bhp 1.2-litre petrol \u2013 a 74bhp is also available \u2013 will be the most popular of the bunch offering a good mix of fuel economy \u2013 it returns 55mpg and emits 119g/km of CO2 \u2013 and performance. However, unlike its closest rivals, the i20 is lacking a three-cylinder turbo engine which will not be available until 2015.\nDespite the 1.2-engine predicted to be the most popular, to drive it isn\u2019t that energetic and it struggles to gather speed achieving 0-62mph in just 13.1 seconds as opposed to the Volkswagen Polo that can do it in a much quicker 10.8 seconds. However, once the i20 has gathered momentum it\u2019s a much more pleasant car to be in \u2013 steering is weighted and refinement is excellent with little wind noise apparent even at high speeds. Pot holes and rougher surfaces are handled well too but if the car is full passengers may suffer from larger imperfections in the road.\nThe i20 is larger than ever before and even more spacious than one its main rivals the", "lf to digital picture printing. This will cut down on the amount of space and equipment you will need to acquire to start.\nResearch and acquire printing equipment. A popular option for digital printing is a self-service kiosk. The customer can insert a media card or other digital storage device and select the pictures for printing. The kiosk does all of the work. A clerk can assist the customer as needed and facilitate payment after printing. People expect on-the-spot printing, so the kiosk is a competitive choice for printing equipment.\nSelect a location for your picture printing business. A shopping plaza is a good option because people will be there for other shopping needs. Convenience in picture printing has become essential. Quick, good quality, and easily accessed are all key features people look for in picture printing services. Choose a location and acquire a lease agreement.\nAcquire a good selection of camera accessories to have on hand in your storefront. Camera batteries, bags, and media cards are in high demand. Picture frames and albums are a good choice for home accessories. Place these items in an area visible to your printing kiosk. While their pictures print, they will have an opportunity to browse for accessories.\nStart a weekly or monthly camera club. Creating an event or experience for your customers can lead to a loyal customer base. Photographers love to network and share ideas, techniques, equipment advice and photographs.\nDo not open your doors for business until you are ready to make your first impression. The first impression you make can determine your success", "How did Larkin react when Grandpa Bud first held her during his visit", "y when Brian and I had to work. We temporarily renamed him \"Nanny Bud\"!\nDuring his stay, Grandpa Bud developed a few adorable nicknames for Larkin. They include: \"Bug-a-boo\", \"Boo-ga-loo\", and my personal favorite \"Boogie-woogie\". They were so cute, and Larkin really seemed to like them!\nHere are a couple of pictures from a last-minute photo shoot that we did right before Grandpa Bud left. You can see what a lovely interaction the two of them have. Larkin especially enjoyed the horsie rides on Grandpa Bud's knee", "ecause they are a little brittle around the black frame.\nNote:Stock and Availability shown on this site is for your reference only. While\nwe strive to provide the most accurate and timely stock and availability information,\navailability information may become out of date and may change between the time\nyou added an item to cart and the time your order is received.\nQuantities on clearance items are limited. Prices are current at time of posting. DX Reserves the right to change prices at any time without notice.", "Picture printing businesses are busier than ever. Electronic devices from mobile phones to personal MP3 players have the capability to take photographs. People love capturing candid moments with these devices. Even digital cameras the size of credit cards can take high-quality photographs. Capturing a memory is something people desire, and sharing that memory with others is part of that experience. A photo printing business can focus solely on digital printing or can be broader and include traditional photo processing. However, creating a niche business can keep you competitive and also keep costs down at the start.\nPut together a business plan. Research and develop your idea through the process of creating a detailed business plan. Acquire all of the necessary documents such as lease forms and other agreements. Research the competition and the overall market. Compile all of this information into your business plan.\nHire a lawyer to assist you in starting a legal business. There are many decisions to make, such as what form of business you will start, from a sole proprietorship all the way to a corporation.\nHire an accountant. File all of the necessary applications on the local, state, and federal level to make sure that your business is set up to comply with all tax laws. Set up an accounting system for your business, and work with your accountant regularly.\nDecide what type of services you would like to offer. Most people are using digital photography. Artists and other high-end photographers use traditional film. However, when you are starting up, it may be a good idea to limit yourse", "2011 Best Draft in Divison\n1(27). CB Jimmy Smith Colorado\n2(58). WR Torrey Smith Maryland\n3(85). OT Jah Reid Central Florida\n4(123). WR Tandon Doss Indiana\n5(164). CB Chykie Brown Texas\n5(165). DE Pernell McPhee Mississippi State\n6(180). QB Tyrod Taylor Virginia Tech\n7(225) RB Anthony Allen Georgia Tech\n1(4). WR AJ Green Georgia\n2(35). QB Andy Dalton TCU\n3(66). LB Dontay Moch Nevada\n4(101) OL Clint Boling Georgia\n5(134) S Robert Sands West Virginia\n6(167) WR Ryan Whalen Stanford\n7(207) CB Korey Lindsey Southern Illinois\n7(246) RB Jay Finley Baylor\n1(21) DT Phil Taylor Baylor\n2(37) DE Jabaal Sheard Pittsburgh\n2(59) WR Greg Little North Carolina\n4(102) TE Jordan Cameron USC\n4(137) CB Buster Skine Tennessee Chattanooga\n5(150) OL Jason Pinkston Pittsburgh\n7(248) S Eric Hagg Nebraska\n1(31) DE Cameron Heyward Ohio State\n2(63) OT Marcus Gilbert Florida\n3(95) CB Curtis Brown Texas\n4(128) CB Cortez Allen Citadel\n5(162) LB Chris Carter Fresno State\n6(196) OL Keith Williams Nebraska\n7(232) RB Baron Batch\nI like what Cincinnati, Baltimore, and Cleveland did. I was not real high on Pittsburgh as i was on the other but they had a decent draft. I am going to be a homer and pic the Bengals\ni find it laugable that cincy thinks andy dalton is the future.\nsteelers draft was incredible to me, but you cant argue with what cleveland did by trading out of the 6th pick and still coming away with premium talent, hughe needs, and extra picks. it hurt me to see greg little become a brown\nid say cleveland, pittsburgh, baltimore, cincy...landing AJ green becuase they were terrible a year ago isnt enough for me to call cincy a good draft\nIn any case, here are my thoughts:\nI give props to the Bengals for taking A.J. Green. Arguably the best receiver since Calvin Johnson, he could truly be an offensive game-changer for the Bengals. Andy Dalton, eh, definitely not a franchise quarterback for me, nor a guy I would rebuild my offense around, but I can understand why the Bengals took him. Moch is a solid pick, fantastic speed, good athlete, average football player. Will need some work but he's got fantastic upside. Clint Boling is a solid addition for the O-line, where the Bengals need some work. Robert Sands I'm not too crazy about, especially as a free safety. I could understand placing him as a strong safety due to his size and hitting ability, but as a free safety, I'm not too sure. It could be that I'm not entirely sure how free safeties play in Cincy's defense, but if he's asked to be a centerfield/roam a lot, I strongly believe he'll fail. Whalen I know nothing about, and both Lindsey and Finley are probably nothing more than training camp bodies and practice squad candidates, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.\nRegarding Cleveland, some picks were a bit of a question mark to me scheme-wise, but definitely not quality-wise. Phil Taylor will be a good nose tackle for Cleveland, but if they are switching to a 4-3 defense, who's going to provide any interior pass-rush? I'm guessing that Taylor and Athyba Rubin will be the two tackles, and while they'll be amazing vs. the run, the pass-rush could potentially be very limited. Still, not a bad pick at all, I give props to the Browns for starting to turn things around these past two years. Jabaal Sheard is another solid pick for the new D-Line. Greg Little was probably my favorite pick for the Browns, he's going to be a perfect fit for their offense, IMO. McCoy doesn't exactly have a rocket launcher for an arm, which makes it all the more important to acquire receivers that can gain yards after the catch, which is exactly what Little can do. Similarly to Andy Dalton, I'm not completely sold on McCoy as a future QB, but he played well enough last year to give him another year and gauge his development. Jordan Cameron was a solid pick, filled a need. I hate the Browns for taking Marecic, I just love the way the guy plays football. Having him block for Peyton Hillis could be devastating for opposing offenses, two big runners who clearly aren't afraid of contact. Buster Skrine, don't know much about him, Pinkston could become solid guard depth, and Eric Hagg is probably just training camp fodder/PS material.\nBaltimore had a fantastic draft, much to my disappointment, haha. Jimmy Smith is an elite CB prospect from what I see on the field. Off the field, sure there are some issues, but if there is someone who'll be able to keep him in check, it's Ray Lewis, so I guess it's a good fit both ways. Torrey Smith is exactly what this team needed at receiver, a guy who can stretch the field. Jah Reid is a good candidate to replace Gaither. Certainly has the size for it. Tandon Doss could be a fantastic complement to Smith. Chykie Brown and Pernell McPhee are good candidates for development, and IMO will be good depth for the Ravens. Tyrod Taylor is a development prospect, and Allen could be a solid late round pick. I always thought he was an above average runner at GT, could be molded to be a complement to Rice in the upcoming years.\nAs for the Steelers, Heyward was a fantastic pick for us. I truly believed he was an elite five technique even before he was drafted by us, I just got r", "ulti-bank community development (CDC) entities. Created and operated by bankers, they provide financing and expertise for community development lending, investment, and services activities. These include: affordable housing, financing for small businesses, area revitalization and stabilization, and support of other community services and facilities that primarily benefit low- and moderate-income families within the CRA assessment area of participating banks. Area multi-bank CDCs include:\nHouston Small Business Development Corporation (HSBDC) at (713) 845-2400 or email@example.com; Third Coast CDC at (713) 503-5124 or firstname.lastname@example.org; and Texas Mezzanine Fund (TMF) at (214) 943-5900 x 101 or Jreid@tmfund.com. Other Texas cities with multi-bank CDC investment opportunities include Austin, Brownsville, Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston, McAllen, and San Antonio.\nMany small businesses need fixed-asset financing for amounts less than the $120,000 minimum loan amount under SBA\u2019s 504 Certified Development Company loan program. The city of Kansas City, Missouri created the Neighborhood Commercial Revolving Loan Fund (NCRLF) to provide fixed-rate loans for less than $150,000 to small businesses in low- and moderate-income neighborhoods needing revitalization. Banks participate in the NCRLF program by providing loans at market rates for terms of up to 10 years to small business borrowers for 50 percent of the purchase price or cost of improvements; NCRLF loans 40 percent of the cost or a maximum of $50,000 for 10 years at a fixed interest rate of 5 percent using a lien position subordinated to the bank\u2019s lien position. For more information, contact Brian Standage of the Economic Development Loan Corporation at (816) 691-2108 or visit www.edckc.com/edcloan.\nNevada bankers are launching a new initiative to enhance the state\u2019s nonprofit community development landscape. Nevada is in the midst of an economic boom that has created a need for well-managed nonprofits. While many mature organizations are stretched to capacity, newer organizations have insufficient access to development resources. The bankers have responded by creating the Community Development Capacity Building Initiative. In addition to seeding and cultivating organizations, the Initiative\u2019s training and technical assistance will aid in providing accountability for future bank-funded grants and investments. Training will be provided statewide and tailored to meet the needs of new and mature organizations, with an emphasis on financial management and strategic planning. The bankers view the initiative as a win-win for the nonprofits and the banks \u2014 with Nevada residents as the biggest winners. For more information, contact Joselyn Cousins or Nancy Hamilton: Joselyn.Cousins@citigroup.com or Nancy.Hamilton@wellsfargo.com.", "at I find most useful, my smartphone.)\n- I\u2019m going to tell you about\u2026\n- I\u2019d like to tell you about\u2026\n- Well\u2026 (e.g. Well, a piece of electronic equipment that I find useful is my smartphone.)\nLinking words and phrases for giving a reason:\n- \u2026because\u2026 (e.g. I bought the smart phone because I wanted to use an app called\u2026 )\n- The reason is\u2026 (e.g. The reason I bought the smart phone is I wanted to use an app called\u2026)\nLinking words and phrases for showing the result of a situation:\n- \u2026so\u2026 (e.g. I watched how my friends used their smart phones so I found it easy to learn how to use mine.)\n- \u2026and as a result\u2026 (e.g. I watched how my friends used their smart phones and, as a result, I found it easy to learn how to use mine.)\nLinking words and phrases for ending your talk:\n- So\u2026 (e.g. So, that\u2019s why I find my smartphone useful.)\n- That\u2019s all I can think of to say.\nIf you use some of the linking words and phrases above in IELTS Speaking Part 2, you\u2019ll be meeting some of the criteria needed to get a band score 6.0 or above for your speaking.\nWhy not get some practice now and do the Speaking Part 2 task in the video yourself", "Today we welcome Globexs into the WifiAway Partnership Program.\nFocused on the efficiency, flexibility and comfort of their clients, Globexs offers geographic mobility services to expats, companies who wish to transfer their employees and digital nomads abroad.\nThe range of services they provide includes temporary and flexible housing rentals and business infrastructure needed by companies seeking to develop and expand into new markets. They provide practical solutions for the inconvenien", "Google Earth Plus, and whether they're available for free I've never try to use google earth even the GPS software system but I really.\n20 Aug Google used to charge $ a year for Google Earth Pro, but these days, Here's how to install and use the advanced, 3D-mapping software. 14 Aug Windows XP, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10, Mac Google Earth has been recently optimized for Chrome and Android. Hi, if you are using XP the latest version of Google Earth won't work for you, Windows 7 is earliest Windows version supported. I wouldn't. You are attempting to use Google Earth Plus, but the License Key you entered xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx, is for Google Earth Pro. Please click 'Sign.\n21 Dec - 2 min - Uploaded by techtutorialz get google earth for free on the following link: larnecricketclub.com Google Earth puts a planet's worth of imagery and other geographic information right on your Google Earth Pro . Operating Systems, Windows XP/Vista/7. 6 Jun Google Earth PRO Free Download Latest version setup for Windows. It is full offline installer standalone version of Google Earth PRO for 32 bit. There is no 64bit version for Windows as Google Earth Pro (default) installs into C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Google\\Google Earth Pro even on a", "he butter to come to room temperature so that it whips up nice and fluffy with the other ingredients. That means it will need to sit out for close to an hour. If you take your butter out of the refrigerator when you remove your cake from the oven, it will reach room temperature at about the same time your cake is ready to be frosted.\nDo you need a cake to go with your frosting? Try our decadent chocolate cake!Print\nA smooth, creamy and delicious chocolate buttercream frosting that goes well on cake or cupcakes.\n2-\u2153 cups powdered sugar\n\u00be cups unsweetened cocoa powder\n6 tablespoons butter, room temperature\n2 teaspoons vanilla extract\n\u2153 cup milk\n1. Mix together powdered sugar and cocoa powder and set aside. You can start with \u00bd cup of cocoa and add more at the end if you want a lighter chocolate taste.\n2. Put the butter in a large bowl and beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until it is smooth and creamy. Mix in the vanilla.\n3. Add the sugar/cocoa mixture to the butter/vanilla and beat well.\n4. You can frost cake or cupcakes immediately.\nUse whole milk for the creamiest texture\nYou can use other milks and milk substitutes, but the frosting may turn out thinner\nIf you use unsalted butter, add \u00bc teaspoon of salt to the batter\nFor a less chocolatey taste, reduce the cocoa powder to \u00bd cup\nKeywords: Dessert topping, cake frosting, ultra chocolatey frosting, chocolate dessert, best chocolate frosting", "eally excited when we picked him. Gilbert is a pick that addressed a big need, as we've got absolute garbage for depth at OT, and the starters aren't really anything to brag about either. The last time we took a tackle in the second round we wound up with a LT for over seven years, so I hope history repeats itself. In any case, he's quality depth. Brown is another good pick for us, third pick in a row that fills a need and was a good value pick at the same time. Not necessarily an elite prospect, but he is a fantastic athlete and will probably become a solid starter down the line. Nothing spectacular, but solid. At worst, he'll stick as a nickel back, IMO. Allen is raaaaaaaw, very raw as a CB. Got high hopes for him, actually higher than Brown, but not high expectations, if that makes any sense. Carter was a steal, good fits for both sides, but will rarely see the field, IMO. He's behind Harrison and Woodley, as well as Worilds and Timmons. Chris Williams is more O-line depth, a mauler who can pull well, but his upside as a pass-protector is limited, IMO, and is basically a new version of Chris Kemoeatu. Baron Batch is another training camp body, could stick as a third down back if the team doesn't want to retain Mewelde Moore, but will likely stay on the PS for a year or two.\nI guess I'd say Baltimore had the best draft, great talent and definitely filled needs.\nPick by pick...\nOverall I'll project the Browns did more to change/support their on field play and personality. Followed by Pitts, Baltimore, then Cincy (contingent on Dalton). But if I'm wrong about J.Smith and T.Smith then I def like Bmore's class the best.\nbrowns traded out of their pick and the falcons sold their soul to them, they drafted a big NT, a STUD wr in the second round and they got a DE too. they really helped themselves.\nbaltimores isnt too great but they got a big corner, exactly what they were looking for and a WR to stretch the field...after that there is some questionable picks but they addressed their two biggest needs.\nand the steelers addressed their 3 biggest needs in the top 3 rounds, not sure id say corner was hands down their biggest one but it need need to be addressed. great value in all 3 top picks and then excellent value in carter in the 5\ni just dont get how you can rationally look at the 4 drafts and think the bengals are the best of the bunch, dont get me wrong i love the steelers draft i actually cant remember being this happy about a draft class but im impressed with the load cleveland was able to bring in\nI am only saying the Bengals because they got 4 day 1 starters in this draft.\nOf course AJ Green is going to start and be a stud.\nAndy Dalton is basically going to be handed the job unless they sign a vet.\nClint Boling will start at Guard because the starting Guards suck\nRobert Sands will also start because the Bengals safeties suck also.\nMoch could win the SLB position when they move Maualuga inside.\nSo that could be 5 starters from day 1. How they pan out idk but getting 5 starters in 1 draft is pretty damn good not matter who u are.\nSadly I think that every team did pretty good. The Ravens draft heavily relies on if the can make J. Smith focus on football and not screw around. I think that strong veteran leadership will help keep him focused. I do like that Smith has a chip on his shoulder from the draft though.\nThe entire AFCN did a good job in this draft. It's hard to say who did the best because I see 3-5 players from each teams draft class playing big roles on their respective teams.\nI agree. On second thought I didn't think that fully through. I think that the perception of this draft is heavily relied on how Jimmy turns out. People either think that this draft was just okay because they dislike Jimmy, or they think we got a top 10 talent and it was a great steal.\nTorrey also has a good amount of risk but was a good pick. I think that Reid was an excellent pick and should step in very soon to the RT spot when Gaither leaves. I thought we got good value pretty much trough out while still hitting some needs.\nThe Browns had the best draft. They ROBBED Atlanta and still added very solid players who fit the AFC North playing style in Little(next Brandon Marshall?), Cameron, Taylor and Sheard. They also set themselves up very nicely for next years draft.\nHowever, I voted Baltimore, I think they came in a close 2nd.\nJimmy is a potential shutdown corner, just needs to stay focused and motivated.\nTandon and Torrey were two great picks. They compliment each other nicely and look for them to be our future tandem at WR.\nReid is a guy that I don't know much about but I don't think the front office would have traded up in the 3rd to get some developmental or backup type tackle. They obviously believe that Reid can start at RT in this league. Let's hope they are right.\nMcPhee is someone that I think can contribute immediately at the 5 tech rotation. I believe many of his weaknesses are coachable and I could see him becoming the next late round gem of Ozzie Newsome's draft.\n|All times are GMT -5. The time now is 02:13 PM.|\nPowered by vBulletin\u00ae Version 3.6.4\nCopyright \u00a92000 - 2014, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.", "RANGERS AT ANGELS\nWhere: Angel Stadium\nTV: Fox Sports West, 7 p.m.\nDid you know: The position at which the Angels have produced the highest OPS (.982) is, of course, center field, because of Mike Trout. The second highest (.854) is catcher.\nRangers update: Four of the Rangers' projected five starters have been on the disabled list, but only one of them is still hurt. Yu Darvish, Matt Harrison and Colby Lewis are all back now. The only one still out is Derek Holland. They've also seen Adrian Beltre and Shin-Soo Choo get hurt, and Prince Fielder has hit just two homers. They rank second to last in the league in homers, uncharacteristic for a Texas team. The Rangers were hanging with the first-place Oakland A's until Oakland swept them this week in Texas.\nLHP HECTOR SANTIAGO (0-4, 4.44)\nBack problems contributed to Santiago's troubles in his first two starts, but he's also admitted to some costly lapses in concentration. In Seattle, he briefly lost focus after a would-be inning-ending third strike wasn't caught, and last week in New York he said he was briefly rattled by a balk call.\nVs. Texas: 1-0, 1.98\nAt Angel Stadium: 0-1", "By Audrey McAvoy\nThe Associated Press\nHONOLULU (AP) \u2014 Forensic anthropologist Gregory Fox and his team sifted dirt on the remote Pacific atoll of Tarawa at what they thought might be the graves of U.S. Marines and sailors killed in one of World War II\u2019s most savage battles.\nInstead, they unearthed a mass grave of Japanese soldiers killed in the 1943 battle, along with a forgotten local cemetery.\nThe Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command team searched four other sites during a recent six-week trip to Tarawa in hopes of finding the remains of several hundred U.S. servicemen. But they came up empty each time, underscoring the difficulty of bringing home those missing from America\u2019s wars.\nThe team returned to their Hawaii headquarters with the remains of two individuals, but they had been found earlier by a local citizen.\nThe discovery of the Japanese remains, however, provided a vivid and poignant reminder of the ferocity of the battle.\nThe remains were buried in an artillery shell crater, along with Japanese military equipment from the era. Photographs of the skeletons were sent to the team\u2019s Hawaii lab, which verified that they were Asian.\nThe team cleaned and bagged the Japanese remains they excavated and handed them over to the Kiribati government, which is expected to repatriate them to Japan. It also refilled the graves and noted their location on a map in the event that Japan decides to recover the site.\nSome 560 U.S. servicemen are unaccounted for from the Tarawa battle. There are still 78,000 U.S. troops missing from World War II alone, including 35,000 the military believes it can recover. The rest are entombed on sunken ships or otherwise lost at sea. Thousands more are missing from the Korean and Vietnam wars.\n\u201cIt would have been great, fantastic, wonderful to bring back lots and lots of remains,\u201d said Gregory Fox, a forensic anthropologist and archaeologist who led the excavation team in Tarawa.\nBut he said he wasn\u2019t disappointed, noting the military has the remains of two more individuals than it had before. His team also laid the foundation for future missions to the small tropical atoll halfway between Hawaii and Australia that\u2019s now the capital of the Pacific island nation of Kiribati.\n\u201cWe\u2019re very persistent,\u201d Fox said. \u201cWhen there are opportunities to recover missing U.S. service members, identify them, and return them to their families, JPAC does everything in their power to make sure that we get there in a timely manner with the right teams, with the right scientific staff, to recover those remains.\u201d\nFox said the two ske", "What items are included in the Vine Oh! box each quarter", "What does the text say about the accuracy of stock and availability information on the site", "After a great deal of thought I decided to switch to a K frame (or equivalent) sized .357 for my edc. After (apparently not enough) research, I purchased a Dan Wesson 15V. Great gun, I love the switch barrel etc.\nHowever, I didn't realize two important things. The", "What steps should be taken to start a photo printing business", "ation cards\nThe products were actually pretty cool. I passed the box over to my fianc\u00e9 and she loved it, especially the caramels and wine.\nOverall, I can see myself personally subscribing to this box for the many quarters to come.\nHow Much Does Vine Oh! Cost?\nVine Oh! normally costs $59.99 but when you use the code UrbanWine, you\u2019ll get $15 off your quarterly subscription HERE.\nVine Oh! Coupon and Discount\nHere are some other great Vine Oh! coupons and deals that you can take advantage of:\nUse the code VineOhYay to get $10 off your subscription HERE.\nUse the code UrbanWhite or UrbanRed to get an extra bottle of wine with an annual subscription ($199 a year) when you join HERE.\nOverall, Vine Oh! is an exciting new women\u2019s lifestyle subscription that every woman should try out at least once!\nThis post contains affiliate links which means that I will make a small commission if you purchase a product after clicking on any of them, at no extra cost to you. Thank you for your support.", "cylinder release latch is on the front of the crane (so no compatibility in training with Smifs and Rugers) and very few stock holsters are available for them. :(\nSo, should I try to swap it for a 65 or Speed Six (or similar) or are there good work arounds for this", "Free Chlorine Reagents (100 tests)$32.00\nThe HI93701-01 are reagents for the colorimetric determination of free chlorine. There are enough reagents for 100 tests and are for use with Hanna's compatible benchtop and portable photometers. These high quality reagents are manufactured in our state-of-the-art facility and are clearly marked with the lot number and expiration date on each packet for traceability.\n- Pre-made reagents for ease of use\n- Prepared with high purity chemicals\n- Marked with expiration date and lot number for traceability\nThank you for your interest in our products. A representat", "What opportunities do Mary Kay Independent Beauty Consultants have for running a home-based business in Wolcott, Colorado", "Preparing For Your Session\nPreparing for your session\nSeveral months before your session - start a Pinterest board and start dog-earing magazine pages. Definitely start trying on various clothing to see what you feel best in. As the day gets closer, start narrowing down your inspiration boards and outfits.\nI have a list of locations to choose from and we will talk details once you book. Meanwhile, it is a good idea to start thinking what kind of vibe you want for you pictures. Is it earthy? Urban? Academic? Home town? Floral? Think of any unique contacts you may have that would be willing to allow us to shoot on there property.\nWhat to Wear:\nWhat you wear is key for a successful session. Clothing compliments who you are as a person, speaks to the environment in which the session is taking place, and coordinates with the home where the final images will be displayed.", "What discounts are available for a Vine Oh! subscription", "What is Dynamic Stability Control (DSC) and how does it enhance vehicle safety during driving", "What are some of the activities provided by multi-bank community development entities for low- and moderate-income families", "the best western hotel in Nanning. Next best is a good 1h flight away.\nWhen you book (and you should) get the exec floor access. It's about 100RMB more, but the happy hour from 5:30-9:30 gives you free beer, wine and limited spirits plus the normal nibbles, which for me is a working meal.More\n- Free Wifi\n- Breakfast include", "ive will contact you within the next business day.\nThe HI93701-01 are high quality reagents that are pre-measured, allowing for users to achieve fast and accurate colorimetric measurements. These reagents follow the DPD Method in which the reaction between chlorine and reagent causes a pink tint in the sample. The intensity of color is determined by a compatible photometer and the concentration will be displayed. The results will be display the concentration of chlorine in mg/L (ppm). These reagents are designed to be used with samples that have an expected range of 0.00 to 5.00 mg/L free chlorine.", "What is the benefit of eating 4-5 meals or snacks a day according to obesity researcher Rebecca Reeves"]}