{"q_indices": [118, 92, 122, 127, 69, 63, 87, 115, 113, 10, 2, 46, 119, 77, 1, 33, 98, 17, 22, 71, 80, 116, 106, 32, 104, 0, 37, 94, 38, 64, 121, 66, 29, 99, 62, 76, 16, 83, 43, 91, 82, 23, 7, 103, 14, 12, 42, 60, 50, 5, 68, 57, 114, 75, 100, 39, 96, 54, 88, 24, 95, 40, 53, 36], "a_indices": [72, 51, 55, 79, 107, 49, 70, 101, 97, 26, 111, 108, 109, 58, 123, 6, 93, 18, 30, 34, 47, 78, 9, 13, 110, 3, 52, 61, 84, 4, 15, 44, 28, 105, 35, 120, 112, 31, 125, 117, 124, 81, 45, 102, 89, 8, 56, 25, 11, 59, 65, 19, 85, 73, 27, 67, 86, 90, 48, 20, 74, 126, 21, 41], "texts": ["How did Nathan's affair with Keesha affect his relationship with Olivia and their child", "What is the design feature of the Eterna ring mentioned in the text", "What is the color and style of the Kidkraft 18616 Laguna Chair for kids", "id try to have another baby. Nathan Jr., \"Nate,\" was delivered early to save Liv's life.\nShortly after Dru and Neil were married at the Chancellor Estate, Lillie Belle left Walter and showed up in Genoa City. She stayed with Liv and Nathan, and drove a huge wedge between them with her bizarre behavior due to clinical depression. Dru tried to talk Lillie Belle into staying with them in hopes of giving Liv and Nathan space to repair their marriage. But as always, Dru's mother rebuffed her in favor of her chosen daughter Olivia. Walter ended up claiming his wife and returning home with Lillie Belle in tow.\nNathan and Olivia were still on the outs since Olivia took her mentally ill mother's side against Nathan. So Nathan began an affair with the beautiful Keesha Monroe. Olivia became suspicious, and both Dru and Neil tried to caution Nathan after they caught him with Keesha. Each time Nathan tried to end the affair, Olivia did something to drive Nathan back to Keesha's arms. Nathan finally ended the affair, and he and Liv began trying for another child. Just as Keesha was falling in love with Malcolm, he found out about the affair with Nathan and dumped her. Then Keesha began getting persistent calls from old boyfriend, Stan, who later died of AIDS. Keesha went to Dr. Liv, turned out to be HIV positive, and had to tell Nathan. It was about this time that Dru decided to tell Olivia about Nathan's affair with Keesha. Liv was furious, not only that Nathan had betrayed her, but also that he had endangered her and Nate with HIV. She kicked Nathan out and forbade him to ever see their son again. All three of them were HIV negative, but Keesha was doomed with full-blown AIDS. The compassionate Malcolm began seeing her again, helping her through the difficult times as she grew weaker and thinner, and would have otherwise been left all alone to die. Malcolm cared for her so he brought her flowers and a veil and married her on her deathbed, so she could at least die happy. Nathan became desperate to see his son, and ended up kidnapping him. Life on the run was rough on Nate, so Nathan finally did the right thing, and was returning Nate to Olivia when he was struck by a car and killed", "for the number of the Lost & Found Office\n(in Paris: 01 55 76 20 00).\nThe RATP (Paris public transport authority) and the SNCF (French National Railways) have their own department.\n- Your car\nYour report will be recorded at the police station or you will be directed to the car pound, if your car has been illegally parked and removed by the police.\n- Your credit card\nImmediately contact your credit card emergency hot-line to cancel the card, or call your credit card company\u2019s local office \u2013 see numbers here \u2013 then report the loss to the police.\n- Your dog, cat or pet goanna\nContact the Soci\u00e9t\u00e9 de protection des animaux (French animal protection society). Tel.: 33 (0) 1 43 80 40 66\nIn Paris you can find specialist guides for events at newspaper kiosks \u2013 Pariscope, L\u2019Officiel des Spectacles, Zurban. They list all cinema programmes, museums, exhibitions, all types of shows (cinema, concerts, theatre). Also check the local press, especially the weekend editions.\nTelephone & Fax\nAll telephone numbers in France are have 10 digits.\nTo telephone France from abroad, dial the international code of your country + 33 and then, the nine digit number of the person you are calling (without the 0 at the beginning of the French telephone number), e.g. +33 1 47 77 72 00\nTo call somewhere in France when in France, dial the 10 digit number which starting with \"0\", e.g. 01 47 77 72 00.\nFrom France to a foreign country: dial 00 + the country number + the number of the person you are calling. You will find all telephone cards (for phone boxes, recharges for mobile phones, pre-paid cards.) available at Post Offices, tobacconists, souvenir shops.\nAll rates and country numbers are at www.francetelecom.fr/\nFrance has excellent mobile phone coverage by the three French mobile phone operators. Find out from your own operator which French network to choose so that you can use your mobile phone in France.\nIn France, Mail boxes are coloured yellow and can be found along street and in every Post Office. Mail collection time are displayed on them.\nYou can buy stamps at any Post Offices and at any tobacconist.\nPostage cost varies according to the weight of your mail and its destination. All rates at www.laposte.fr/\nThe French mail service is efficient: allow 24 to 48 hours for a letter sent in France to a destination in France; from France to abroad, allow 1 to 5 days.\nAlmost 15,000 taxis operate in Paris. You can take them from taxi ranks (indicated by a square sign with Taxi in white on a blue background) or hail one in the street (on condition that it is available: the \"Taxi\" sign on the roof is then fully lit, and the small lights under the sign are switched off).\nSome taxi companies:\nTaxi G7: 01 47 39 47 39\nTaxis Bleus: 0 891 70 10 10 (\u20ac0.22/min)\nA\u00e9ro Taxi (for airport destinations): 01 47 39 01 47 01\nTaxi: 01 49 17 01 01\nAlpha Taxi: 01 45 85 85 85\nTo find out about taxi charges throughout France consult the \u2018tarifs\u2018 section of the website http://www.artisan-taxi.com/", "What is the purpose of the society mentioned in the text segment", "all occasions, let it be a constant reminder of love\nRing sizes are based on US ring size. For other country equivalent sizes, please refer to the image.", "What characteristics define the different styles of IPAs mentioned in the text", "Peace Pct. 3, and he told me that he would be retiring after 28 years in office and told me I should run for his office. After much prayer, I ran and won. I took office January 2011 and I am on my third term.\n- What is something innovative, interesting, or fun your office does?\nThe four Justice of the Peace offices (Clerks and Judges) in Medina County have a quarterly meeting to discuss office issues, law changes, and how to handle these changes. We invite other offices that might be involved with these same issues or changes. We have had conversations about Mental Health and Magistration, Inquests, Courtesy Letters, and Video Magistration, to name a few. We have had Rebecca Glisan from TJCTC come and talk about the Bond Conditions on DWI Magistration. We have invited Pretrial Services, the Department of Public Safety, the Medina County Sheriff\u2019s Office, jail staff, deputies, Net Data (JP software), MVBA ( collection agency), the Chief of Police from the towns in Medina County, MHDD (Mental Health staff), the County Judge, the Auditor, and other elected officials to come to these meetings and be a part of our conversation. These are informal meetings where everyone can voice their opinions. They are very good trainings and informative meetings.\n- What is the best part about your job?\nThe best part of my job is the people I work with. I have the best clerks in the state. I am blessed to have a good working relationship with the other JPs and their clerks. We have good county officials to work with. I enjoy serving the people of Medina County.", "Fj\u00e4rran\u00d6sternRedakt\u00f6ren undrar, som vanligt: Varf\u00f6r tar vi in folk som tillh\u00f6r en religion, vars heliga bok koranen tillh\u00e5ller dem att inte vara v\u00e4nner med oss??\n5.51. O you who believe! Take not the Jews and Christians for friends and allies (in their Judaism and Christianity, and against the beli", "What color combination is described as the ultimate hack for silver bracelets in the text", "Notice: Due to COVID-19, the library is currently closed until further notice.\nThe Friends of the Library Society is a non profit group that assists in raising funds for the library.\nThey organize an annual Children's Fes", "What did the author do after being encouraged to run for office by the retiring Peace Pct. 3 Justice of the Peace", "evers). Some among them are friends and allies to some others. Whoever among you takes them for friends and allies (in their Judaism and Christianity and against the believers) will eventually become one of them (and be counted among them in the Hereafter). Surely God does not guide such wrongdoers", "What roles did Judge Clyde 'Bubba' Howse hold before becoming a Judge", "Tree House Brewing Company\nMassDevelopment issued a $7,740,000 tax-exempt bond on behalf of Tree House Brewing Company, an award-winning brewery based in Monson. The company used the financing to expand with a new 53,000-square-foot brew house in Charlton. The new facility w", "Who is the sender of the message and what is their connection to Steve", "What was the author feeling embarrassed about in the situation described", "Everyone could see me and i took a long time drying my hair. As i looked around everybody had a bigger **** than me, although one guy was hiding his so no one could see. The worst thing was 2 boys about 13-14 years of age had much bigger ***** than mine. They were looking and laughing to each other, i presumed it was about my little ****.\nI have to admit i was embarrased, especially by the 2 boys. Well it is the only **** i have and maybe the next time it won't be so ba", "ers at 1\u2033 intervals. My mom did these first three steps for us, and she found it helpful to have a piece of paper she\u2019d measured and cut as a pattern, then just moved down the blanket as she worked, instead of measuring each time.\nSTEP 4: Once fringes are cut, work your way around the blanket tying the fringes in double knots. Some instructions I saw said to tie every other knot from one side, then flip the blanket over and tie the rest from the other side. We didn\u2019t do that and they still look great. We look like we\u2019re really hard at work, right\u2026ha ha!\nThat\u2019s all there is to it! The prep work of the cutting takes the most time, the actual tying was quick and easy. It was a lot of fun to do as a group too\u2026but then again, everything with these guys is fun\u2026\nWe did reserve one blanket in particular for someone special; my mom\u2019s friend has a cousin named Lori who is battling breast cancer and going through extensive chemo treatments. We learned that Lori loves green, so we made her this blanket that\u2019s a combination of green and pink to represent our support for her struggle. My mom (the lovely lady in the purple sweatshirt) is going to make sure it gets delivered soon.\nLori, this one\u2019s for you! We\u2019re praying for you!\nThese blankets are awesome; they\u2019re warm, they\u2019re soft, they\u2019re easy, and they can look completely different depending on the fleece you choose. We thought a veteran might like the red, white, and blue with stars, while we also made one with cats, one with pink flowers, and one with multi-colored stripes. Noah got the test-model with Curious George all over it. I may or may not have my eye on a particular pattern I saw when we bought all the rest that I think would look great on my bed.\nWell, time to get back to my boys. We\u2019re off to the local \u201cPeep Show\u201d \u2013 marshmallow peeps, that is! People make things out of the peeps and put them on display at the arts center\u2026stay tuned for pics! Hope your weekend is as wonderful as ours has been so far", "Program\nA two-week program during the Winter Break of fun activities.\nSpring Break Program\nOffers children two weeks of fun activities during Spring Break.\nFebruary Break Program\nDuring February break for a week of fun at multi-activities camp.\nSummer Break Program\nFour weeks of fun activities - options for whole weeks, morning or afternoons.\nWe also offer weekend programs throughout the year including basketball leagues and STEM Saturdays (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics", "Now, I can\u2019t say that I am comfortable, but I would not trade our current life here for anything. Not anything. On the contrary, I feel so thankful that the Lord kept \u201cperturbing\u201d our hearts until we were finally willing to step out of our comfort zone and follow his leading. There just isn\u2019t anything so satisfying as being in the center of God\u2019s will.\n\u201cI tell you the truth,\u201d Jesus replied, \u201cno one who has left home or brothers or sisters or mother or father or children or fields for me and the gospel will fail to receive a hundred times as much in this present age (homes, brothers, sisters, mothers, children and fields\u2014and with them, persecutions) and in the age to come, eternal life.\u201d \u2013Mark 10:29-30\nOUR HOME HERE\nJust before we came here, we found out that there was a room for us in the church! That was really exciting news for us after having stayed at Fabio\u2019s parents house for three months. The church has only been in this building for about four months, so we were glad the Lord timed it so that we would arrive after they had a facility big enough to house us!\nOur little room gets more live-able and homey every day. When we got here, it was fine and clean, but very bare. It had a double bed, a single bed, and a crib (which I was extremely thankful for!), but that was it. Now, we have gotten a table and chairs, a shelf, bunk beds and a cabinet. They were all in horrendous condition when we first got them, and in the US we probably would have junked them. But here we were thankful for them and Fabio was able to saw a bit, paint a bit, put in a screw here and there and make them work. It sure makes a difference to have a place to put our things so we don\u2019t have to rummage through suitcases all the time. He also got a board, mounted it to the wall and put some nails in it for hooks so we have a place to hang some things.\nAbout the fourth night we were here, it rained really hard. In our room, it seemed that we didnt have a roof in some places, the rain was coming in so hard! We carried out bucket after bucket of water and tried to find things to sop up the rainwater with. I was glad it let up some around 11pm so we could sleep. The next morning, there was about an inch of rainwater in a pan I had left on the stove! The holes have been patched since then, though, and last night when it rained hard again, we stayed dry and cozy in our room. Thank you, Jesus!\nOur room has a bathroom off of it as well. It is getting much more homey too. \ud83d\ude42 A shower curtain, a curtain in the window, a couple of towel racks, and a mirror cabinet have made a world of difference. But even more than those things was the shower improvements. When we arrived, our \u201cshower\u201d was a pipe sticking out of the wall. The only temperature was COLD (the temp we longed for in Santos!). There is no shower stall or divider of any kind, and with no shower curtain, the entire bathroom got soaked when we showered. We showered and cowered, mostly because there was no curtain in the window either! hehe. Water heaters don\u2019t exist here, but shower heads are available which heat the water as it passes through. On about the fifth day here, Fabio installed one of those and we are now able to shower far more comfortably. This is the before pic and I was SURE I had an after pic, but I can\u2019t find it for the life of me, so I will have to post it later\u2026\n\u201cLet your conduct be without covetousness, and be content with such things as you have.\u201d Hebrews 13:5\nThere is another guy who lives up here, down the hall. His name is Nelson (in the pic above with Fabio). He also has an eight-year-old daughter who is here about half of the time. We share a little kitchenette with him up here. It is pretty primitive, but I am very thankful for it. It was also rather filthy, but I got it scrubbed into shape! He didn\u2019t cook much other than ramen noodles and coffee, so it was not well stocked with much of anything, but we got a couple of boxes of kitchen things donated here to the church last week, and I scored a spatula, a ladel, a cutting board and a few other things that have made a world of difference!\nThis is our flashy fridge which is on its last leg \u2013 an Electrolux from about 1960 I think! It has a little freezer box on the inside which was totally frozen over. We thought the fridge was not working right because it needed to be defrosted, so I set about that task a few days ago. It did not help. Not only does the freezer box not freeze anything, but the fridge doesnt get very cold either, so things spoil really fast. I sure miss ice and ice cream and really, really cold water! Either way, God is good!\n\u201cBetter is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure and trouble therewith.\u201d Proverbs 15:16\nDownstairs live another family of leaders in the church, Claudio and Paula and their two daughters, Nicole (8) and Adriele (5). The main kitchen is down there too, where we have a community lunch every day, usually cooked by Paula. I need to get some pictures of them.\nThe temperature here in Cambori\u00fa is far more comfortable \u2013 more like summer in Chicago. A couple days it has gotten up to about 100 degrees (38 C), and that is when I realized that I have gotten somewhat acclimated to the heat, because on those days, I just thought, \u201cHmm, a fan would be nice\u201d, but it really didn\u2019t seem that hot compared to what we had to deal with in Santos. \ud83d\ude42\nRemember Vamilson, from other posts? He has been a big part of our lives here, especially Fabio\u2019s. He stays here every day from early in the morning until evening, to work and eat and stay clean (off drugs), and most importantly, to be discipled from the Word of God. So it is mainly Fabio who is with him all day long, working together, and having Bible studies in the morning and evening.\nWhen he was still on drugs, he got shot in the arm once. He had lost most feeling in his arm and hand due to nerve damage from the wound. The doctor wanted to do surgery, to remove a section of nerve from his leg and replace the one in his arm which was damaged. He was scared about having surgery, and asked the church to pray for him Sunday night. Monday afternoon, Fabio and another guy went with him to the hospital, and the doctor could not believe that he had regained feeling in his arm and hand! He said he wanted to do more tests because he could not believe just his naked eyes, but we know that Jesus has healed him!\nTHE HOMELESS LOVE FABIO\nSince we came here, we have been staying up late most nights pacing the veranda and praying for this area, this neighborhood, the people we see walking by, and the ministry of the church. More and more we are feeling that our hearts are being drawn to the streets, rather than a teaching or preaching ministry inside the church. And as we pray, suddenly many people have started to come to th", "What is the significance of the Novetredici residential complex in relation to the urban environment of its location in Milan", "What are the different tool kits available to Utilitiesman from the Naval Construction Force, and what does each kit contain", "What types of programs are offered during breaks and weekends throughout the year", "inted manifestation.\nOur innovative double glazed system incorporates a comprehensive range of thoughtfully designed sections to cover every requirement and includes deflection heads, reducer posts and integrated door frames. All can be powder coated to your required colours.\nTo compliment this we offer a range of glass or timber doors, or for the ultimate finish there is our double glazed flush door.\nWe provide a comprehensive nationwide supply and installation service (including all aspects of channel installation). We do not use sub-contract labour and our fully employed professional installers are some of the most experienced in the industry.\nThis enables us to offer the most efficient and economic frameless glazing service available in the UK. Please allow us the opportunity to provide a cost effective quotation for your requirements.", "an absolutely unforgettable experience.\nThe Golden. The Black. The White.\nIf you are unaware of this combination, well then I am letting you out a big fashion secret! A combination of golden, black and white is the ultimate hack of all kinds of silver bracelets\n. Once a decent design is created in this kind of colour combination, you have pretty much fixed your entire jewellery box. For me this is a must have item in the jewellery closet. I have these in spare in my care in case I break any bracelet that I am wearing due to wear and tear.\nI have tried this combination on my office outfits, on casuals, on my sari and also on my night gowns while on a night stay at a friend\u2019s place. I am a certain position in a firm, although I work around the clock, I make it a point to look on par with my attire. My hard bracelets\nare pretty much a part me today. Without them I do not leave my apartment.\nThe Elaborate Bracelet\nThicker, detailed and elaborate silver bracelets\nare a true jewel in your jewellery box. These kind of bracelets are not for your office wear. They can easily look heavy and goudy if not worn with the right kind of clothing. Although they\u2019re quintessential to every jewellery\nbox, they do not demand to me worn very often. Elaborate designer silver bracelets\nare almost always worn on occasions on clothes like saris, chaniya choli, and one piece gowns or short tops. They are seriously glamorous and demand a very flashy attention regardless of your attire. They bring your red carpet attire together and add another layer of grace to it.\n: Silver Bracelets\n| Bracelets for Women\n| Bracelets for Girl\n| Ladies Bracelet Bangles\n| Online Silver Bracelet for Girl\n| Pure Silver Bracelet Price\n| Silver Bracelet Design\n| Bracelet Design for Gir", "City of London Corporation - Picture The City\n25 May 2021\nPremier has been working with the City of London Corporation to launch a new initiative inviting Londoners to see the City in a new light post-lockdown. The Picture the City photography competition is challenging people to explore everything the Square Mi", "Depliant nato da una collaborazione tra Gardaland e il Franciacorta outlet village. Con questa collaborazione si potevano organizzare viaggi con scopo la visita sia del Parco che del Shopping Center della Francia corta.\nNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and securi", "Qual \u00e8 l'obiettivo della collaborazione tra Gardaland e il Franciacorta outlet village", "The residential complex named \"Novetredici\" in via De Cristoforis, Milan represents the natural completion of the block bordered by the streets Vigan\u00f2, Rosales, de Cristoforis and the street Fratelli Castiglioni, which flanks the new Unicredit skyscraper complex in the Porta Nuova development. The block acts as a hinge between the new urban transformation on its North side and the existing urban fabric on the South; the latter is formed by buildings aligned on the perimeter of the blocks, by \u201ctransitional\u201d elements - such as the existing houses in via Vigan\u00f2, which open their courtyards to the street - and by post-WWII architecture, marked by a freer disposition and greater heights. Along with the nearby complex designed by CZA and called \"La Corte Verde\", which occupies the northern portion of the block, the Novetredici complex revises the master plan guidelines for the area in favor of a settling mode capable of reinforcing the existing urban structure and at the same time of generating a new environmental quality. The arrangement of the two complexes is marked by a strong urban character without necessarily recreating a perimeter block: the new built volumes line up on the North, East and South to the borders of the existing roads, while the West side is left open, creating a strong visual communication between the green heart and via Rosales.\nThe building envelope defined by the master plan on via De Cristoforis - a linear high body that would have cast its long shadow on the garden and created a North side perpetually without sun - was divided by the project into two distinct parts, a lower one on the West and a higher one on the East, joined at the base by a common glazed entrance hall. The two volumes combine the efficiency and compactness of a centralized plan with a great attention to the relationship between the existing urban edges and the course of the sun, producing a soft progression between fronts characterized by solid walls and parts marked by large terraces that together constitute an \"inhabited screen\".\nThe stepped profile of the building on the West side is determined by the prescribed setbacks in relation with its proximity to the historical buildings in Corso Como, while the one", "nt that you have a great blog and your Mom's blog is awesome. I just started one and am very new at all of this.I love your Mom's blog, and the photos of your family bring back fond memories of a great time in our lives.AdelePS------I am \"Rebeccaismyname.", "What will happen to those who take the Jews and Christians as friends and allies against the believers", "What should the ring size be based on and where can I find equivalent sizes for other countries", "to the East one enhances the width of via Vigan\u00f2 and the long views on the historic city and the new Porta Nuova development. The broken geometry of the common atrium, marked by a thin slab resting on slender cylindrical pillars and by a glazed perimeter, creates an urban foyer expanding the narrow dimension of via De Cristoforis on the South, marked by a great transparency between the street and the rear private garden blurring with the Corte Verde garden on the North side.\nThe access to the private underground car park is located within the building volume; the base of both bodies is marked by large slabs of rusticated white stone divided by metallic elements, creating a formal continuity at eye level along the existing street. Over this, the strong horizontal lines of the glass parapets is balanced by the verticality of the metallic elements and by the widows stacked up in tall vertical figures which bind together the various floors. The variety of colors and surface textures of the materials - handmade bricks in two different shades of clay-color, frosted glass, corrugated and perforated aluminum sheets enameled in a gray-turquoise metallic hue - generates a continuous variation of the urban fronts from different points of view within a strongly unified design, which keeps together the different sizes of the openings.\nThe single-pitched roofs of the two buildings has two different orientations converging towards the central garden, the real heart of the project. Together with the crowning of the buildings and the exhibited double heights of the top floors, their slanted profile reinforce the urban character of a housing complex capable of combining a sound architectural statement with the plurality of perceptual states for those who will stroll along the old and new public spaces. Although marked by different materials and architectural solutions, the Novetredici complex dialogues strongly with the Corte Verde on the North portion of the block, creating together a series of formal resonances which try to give new dignity to the theme of \u201cinner city living\", and reinterpreting the \u201cmodern tradition\u201d of the best Post-WWII residential architectures in Milano without any nostalgia or direct reference.", "Taxpayer response to greater progressivity: Evidence from personal income tax reform in Uganda\nWe evaluate a major personal income tax reform in Uganda that came into effect in 2012\u201313, contributing to the scarce literature on the effects of personal income tax reform on employees\u2019 income in a low-income country in Africa. The reform increased the tax-free lower threshold, increased tax rates for higher incomes, and introduced an additional highest tax band for top 1% of income earners. Using the universe of pay-as-you-earn (PAYE) administrative data from", "What activities is the PETI school providing for children in the favela", "What is the solution for the crossword clue about went backpacking that was seen on May 24, 2023", "What are some useful resources for learning French while visiting Paris", "What is the deadline for submitting entries to the photography competition", "What is Cardi's perspective on her relationship status and her self-identity", "e church looking for help.\nWe can see this sign from the veranda, over the highway. This church building is right on the corner of two very busy streets, which is wonderful in so many ways.\nLast Wednesday Gilberto came. Fabio wrote about him in the last post. Since then, others have come. Today, the man that \u201clives\u201d next door came. There is a little plot of land on the other side of the church and there is a homeless man living there. We have been praying for him, and today he showed up here! Fabio and Claudio talked to him, gave him some food, and the guy invited Fabio to come visit him there in his cardboard shack! Fabio plans to go tomorrow.\nFabio is really excited to see God doing this work and to be a part of it. It is exciting for me too, and I love seeing how Fabio is coming alive as he fulfills what God is calling him to. He shows so much love and care to these guys that come in here, and you can see how much it touches them. No one else wants to touch them! Fabio says he doesnt mind the smell of alcohol too much, but is still asking for grace to withstand the strong smell of urine when he hugs them\u2026. :-/\nAnd hold back those stumbling to the slaughter.\u201d -Proverbs 24:11\nThis is also part of our view from the veranda, and a target for prayer. This castle-looking building is the transvestite theatre I mentioned earlier. We now know it is all of that and more\u2026 We are praying for the devil\u2019s work in this place to FALL; that the place would close down for lack of business, because those who frequent it now will come to know JESUS who will set them free from slavery to sin!! I personally am shocked at the change in my own heart, that can only be from the Lord. Previously, I was just repulsed by this particular variety of sin, but now I find myself being drawn to these people, our transvestite neighbors particularly, full of compassion for them as they are lost and dying without Jesus.\nA MORNING OFF\nThis morning we had our first morning off since we came here, and a guy from the church picked us up and took us to the beach. It was really nice! Although not very far away from where we are living, it seems like a different world. It is, really. That is where the rich live, and there are high rise apartments lining the beach front. It is a growing area, with many building still going up and the city expanding on both sides of the beach front. There are a lot of foreigners investing here, because the real estate value is increasing by 20-30% every year! And there is still alot of undeveloped area both to the north and south, all along the beautiful and mountainous beaches.\nTHE PETI SCHOOL\nI am teaching English now at the Peti school on Friday afternoons and on Monday mornings, for two hours each day. My first class is of 7-10 year olds, and the second class is of 11-14 year olds. I have enjoyed the teaching and the children, and getting to talk to another teacher and the director. I am also able to take my kids with me, and I have been taking Joshua and Dominique, one at a time. It is a great opportunity for them to learn about a lot of things \u2013 with me right by their side to guide the learning process.\nThis school is not the \u201cmain\u201d school for the children. The way school works here in Brazil, there are two shifts at school: 7am-noon and 1pm to 6pm. It may vary somewhat by school, but that is the basic schedule, and you can choose whether you want to send your children in the morning or the afternoon. Well, in the favela, during the hours that the children are not in school, they are on the streets and generally up to no good. Most of them have homes, but not very good ones. They are typically neglected and/or abused and would rather spend their time on the streets than at home. Most of their parents are drug users, drinkers, prostitutes, you name it. This is the favela:\nThe land in the favela is not bought. The people who live here are squatters that just try to build some kind of house with whatever materials they can find. They just build houses on top of houses at the edge of the city, into the mountain. Because these houses are without structure or foundation, they are not uncommonly washed away in landslides when it rains a lot.\nSo, the PETI school is a supplementary school for the children to go to during the hours they are not in school, to keep them off the streets. They can eat there, have recess, art classes and other \u201cfun\u201d stuff, and also receive help with their homework. Twice a week they even get surfing classes! Much of the help is volunteer.\nI am praying about how these classes can get me INTO the favela \u2013 into their homes, their families, their lives. Teaching English is great, but if it stops there, what good am I really doing for them? What difference will it really make in their future?\nIn one of my classes, there are two boys that have declared themselves to be homosexuals \u2013 at ELEVEN years old!! There are several that are HIV positive, some have been picked up by the cops for drug usage \u2013 at seven and eight years old, and one of the girls is constantly offering herself to the boys. The teacher even saw her do the same to some men at a bar next door! She is ten years old and still has the body of a little girl. Imagine what her mother does for a living, and what she has seen at home, and cry with me. Better yet, cry out to the Lord for these children!\nGUILHERME\u2019S FLIP FLOPS\nRemember our neighbor boy Guilherme from the last post? The day I took the picture of his flip-flop, he ended up forgetting them here. Joshua saw how thin they were, torn in the back, and the strap had broken and been repaired from the underneath. Joshua asked Fabio if there was some extra work he could do to earn some money to buy Guilherme a new pair of flip-flops. So, Fabio gave him some extra work, and he worked hard at it.\nThe next day we took him to the store and he used his hard-earned money to buy a new pair of flip-flops for Guilherme, the exact same style as his own flip-flops! Guilherme was so happy!!\nOne day I got home and went into the community kitchen downstairs and Guilherme was there. His face LIT UP when I walked into the room. Then he started singing (in Portuguese): \u201cSinging, singing, singing to my Jesus! I threw away my sadness and sent it away from my heart!\u201d I was impressed and asked him where he had learned that song? He said Joshua taught it to him. \ud83d\ude42 They have been singing it together ever since. Joshua is taking seriously his position as a missionary and we are so thankful to see that. Here he is reading a book to Guilherme:\nI know this is a long-mega-post \u2013 thanks for hanging in there with us! There is just so much going on here that I want to share with you all. Keep praying for us and thank you for your care and concern for us and the ministry here! We love you!", "What advantages does the slimline double glazed frameless partition offer for office space divisions", "What fabric is used in the construction of these gloves", "ill allow Tree House to keep up with increasing demand for craft beers by brewing up to 150,000 barrels of beer per year. Tree House brews 14 of the top 100 beers in the country, according to The BeerAdvocate Magazine. MassDevelopment enhanced the financing with a guarantee.", "Recently, the popularity of IPAs has grown immensely. Known for their high content of hops, IPAs often have a more bitter taste to them than your average lager, for example. IPAs can come in a variety of different flavors and styles. These styles of IPAs are characterized by regions, which is why you might see terms such as New England styles or West Coast IPAs. Every IPA is craft with an individual formula of hops, malts, grains, and fruits, to create the special flavors that we all know and love.\nUltimately, every IPA is unique in its flavor. That\u2019s why we decided to compile a list of the top IPAs of 2021.\nDogfish Head 60 Minute IPA\nDogfish Head are brewers that love their IPAs, as they have produced multiple delicious, different varieties. This beer in particular, the 60 minute IPA, has an ABV of about 6%. It is an outstandingly bold, crisp beer that reviewers say carries an \u2018explosion\u2019 of flavor and crispness. Because of this, Dogfish Head and their 60 minute IPA are at the top of our list.\nThis well-respected IPA is popular across the country\u2014and for good reason. With its high hops content, piney flavors, and notes of citrus, this IPA is full of delicious flavors. The Stone IPA contains subtle hints of malt to balance out its flavors, creating a beer that almost anyone would want to drink after a long day in the sun. This IPA also rings in with a higher alcohol percentage of 6.9%.\nFounders All Day IPA\nFounders All Day IPA made", "What are some suitable locations for using the kids armchair mentioned in the text", "by Joe Ament\nThe Green New Deal is perhaps the most audacious plan to ever seriously address the grave social and environmental challenges we face. By identifying \u201csystemic injustice,\u201d the plan is sweeping in its scope. Yet, while the plan discusses public banks in a reference to adequate capital, the plan fails to see the commercial banking sector as one of the structural causes of, and impediments to solving, the problems we face. Importantly, the Green New Deal fails to articulate exactly why a nationalized banking system is critical to the success of the programs its proposes.\nMoney is created in modern economies when commercial banks extend interest-bearing loans to individuals and corporations. The money in those loans does not exist before the loan is generated but is created when the bank marks up the borrower\u2019s checking account. This is in stark contrast to the general notion that money is a finite resource, such as gold, that is allocated to its best economic use by the Central Bank.\nWhen money is created by the private sector in the manner discussed above, it is seen as a private resource. Accordingly, public use of money for government spending is viewed as wasteful expenditure rather than productive investment. In the case of the Green New Deal, the massive price tag is seen as cannibalizing the productive private sector. It is for this reason that opponents of the Green New Deal argue that it will hurt the economy, and its proponents argue to \u201cfinance\u201d the plan by moving money from one sector to another, e.g. from Wall Street to Main Street.\nMoney is a social relation. It is an abstract measure of what we all owe to one another.\nMoney, however, is not a private resource. And it is not a finite commodity. Money is a social relation. It is an abstract measure of what we all owe to one another. Think of it as a tally of everything you owe and are owed, for all the work you do and all the purchases you make. Now extrapolate that to the whole country, let the government manage it\u2014just like it does with laws and other contracts\u2014and you\u2019ve got a monetary system!\nThe role of the government is crucial in managing the money system. Since money is a social relation, the government is responsible for the money system. Think of what happened in the Great Depression, the Savings and Loan crisis, and the 2008 Financial Crisis: the government always stepped in to repair the money system. And as guarantor of the social relation, it always will.\nMonetary theorists understand the government\u2019s monetary prerogative in three ways. First is the government\u2019s ability to choose the unit of account that is used in the country\u2014dollars in the United States and Canada. Second is the government\u2019s ability to issue those units of account into circulation. Third is the benefit of first use that comes with issuing money. This last right is called seigniorage and can be thought of as the profit of creating money above the cost of printing and distributing that money.\nMoney has existed as a state-managed tally of owing and being owed (of credits and debts in theoretical parlance) for thousands of years. In fact, a lot of evidence suggests that such monetary systems existed for thousands of years before coins and markets\u2014and might even be the reason humans began to settle in the first place! (See Money: The Unauthorized Biography.) Capitalism is a relatively new manne", "Vacation and Community Programs\nGive your children new opportunities and broaden their horizons outside the school year by joining a ZIS vacation or weekend program.\nZIS offers a wide range of vacation activities during academic breaks. We have STEM camps, gymnastics, soccer, kayaking, fun activities and more.\nPrograms details and registration information will be published here nearer the start dates so please check back.\nIntersoccer - Autumn Soccer Camps\n- September 17, 2023\nWinter Break", "100 skaters at a time can enjoy this unusual skating experience, but it remains extremely popular. Entrance fee is included into the tower entrance ticket... But even without such privilege, very few people would have the strength to overcome the temptation to skate at the 57-meter height.\nBig fans of a healthy lifestyle, the Canadians also love to tinker with lacing and sharpening blades. The Rideau Canal Skateway is a scenic canal that connects the cities of Kingston and Ottawa in Ontario, Canada. Once it is covered with ice everyone goes there. Fortunately, there is enough space. For comfort of the visitors, along the canal there are dozens of skates rentals... And it's no wonder since the length of the site is about eight miles!\nPerhaps the most stunning scenery while skating can be observed in the Dutch village of Kinderdijk. From November to February ponds not far from Rotterdam are transferred into great ice arenas. Special machines polishes surface of the site so skilfully that even first-class skater can enjoy a full workout.\nAnd for dessert, please meet our frosty cherry \u2013 Swiss mountain lake Lej da San Murezzan, lake St. Moritz. It is located at an altitude of 1800 meters above sea level, so none would have a chance to complain about air quality or lack of incredible view. To tell the truth, it freezes just for two weeks in January. But even this is more than enough for tourists to enjoy the incredible state of balancing on the thin blades.\nGeneral photo www.visitbritain.com", "What organization helps raise funds for the library", "e unusual features and the oldest example of the Royal Coats of Arms of Edward VI. Around the Green are various cafes and restaurants. The village is associated with Winston Churchill, there is a statue of him in the Green and Chartwell House, managed by the National Trust, is not far away.\nOther nearby attractions include Quebec House, Squerryes Court, Downe House - home to Charles Darwin, and Hever Castle. The villages of Brastead, Sundridge and Ide Hill, are scattered around Westerham and all have some interesting old buildings.\nTRAVEL DIRECTIONS AND GETTING THERE\nTrain: Oxted or Sevenoaks.\nBus: To Westerham Green from Sevenoaks or Oxted.\nRoad: Westerham is south of London, just beyond the M25 on the junction of the A233 and A25.", "Here is the answer for the: Went backpacking perhaps Universal Crossword Clue. This crossword clue was last seen on May 24 2023 Universal Crossword puzzle. The solution we have for Went backpacking perhaps has a tota", "What improvements have Fabio and the narrator made to their living space since arriving at the church", "What recommendation is being made regarding the Samba contribution to the 4.2.5 code", "\"Staff provide very high-quality teaching and they ensure each child receives the support they need to reach their full potential\". Ofsted May 2019\nLittle Fishes is a church managed pre-school based in the\nSt. Peters Centre in Ash. The Pre-school opened in September 2000 and has been rated as \"Outstanding\" by Ofsted. The pre-school offers 32 places Monday to Friday, term time only. There are five members of staff each day plus special needs assistants and student placements. The pre-school is all on one level, including the garden and can accommodate the needs of all children. We operate a free flow system between inside and outside so that children can achieve their learning outcomes in the environment that best suits them.", "The powerful acoustic properties of our slimline double glazed frameless partition, offers a practical and innovative solution for the discreet divisions of office space, where both visual and acoustic privacy are essential.\nVarying and alternating the combination of toughened and laminated glass thicknesses, provides a wide range of acoustic performances up to 45db.\nEnhanced structural support to both panes of glass is offered by our unique \u2019ghost post\u2019 designs enabling silicone-free dry-glazing throughout.\nOur solid ghost post retains the capacity for venetian blinds within the cavity, allowing the user the flexibility of complete privacy or full openness. Alternatively our crystal clear posts provide visual continuity through almost seamless contours. This can then be enhanced to dramatic effect with a sensational range of frosted or pr", "What project did the narrator and their mom undertake for someone special battling cancer", "r you 've approved the click or first, if you believe your problematic and lazy plates collectively objects will skip commercial examples that include not for them. Your person was a g that this thaliana could here organize. The introduced opinion hand is entire cells: ' computer; '. We have harmonic but the lot you provide including for takes close be on our set. The download \u0431\u0443\u0445\u0433\u0430\u043b\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 \u0443\u0447\u0451\u0442 \u043e\u043f\u0435\u0440\u0430\u0446\u0438\u0439 \u0441 \u043d\u0430\u043b\u0438\u0447\u043d\u043e\u0439 \u0432\u0430\u043b\u044e\u0442\u043e\u0439 \u0438 \u0447\u0435\u043a\u0430\u043c\u0438 \u0444\u0438\u0437 \u043b\u0438\u0446\u0430 \u0443\u0447\u0435\u0431\u043d\u043e \u043c\u0435\u0442\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u043e\u0431\u0438\u0435 's Aside appreciated.", "tival to promote family literacy and all of the wonderful services a library can offer a community.\nThe society is run by volunteers and they are happy to invite new members. Meetings are held once a month at the Library.", "What types of doors are available for the double glazed system described in the text", "l of 5 letters.\nThere are a total of 77 clues in May 24 2023 crossword puzzle.\nIf you have already solved this crossword clue and are looking for the main post then head over to Universal Crossword May 24 2023 Answer", "What major changes did the personal income tax reform in Uganda implement in 2012-13", "What are some popular skating locations mentioned in the text", "What should you do if you lose your credit card while in France", "Often, one of the best things about making something is the joy of sharing it with another person. Admittedly, there are plenty of things I keep for myself, like the photo plaque I made last week, but more often than not, I like to give things away to bring a smile to someone else. If you\u2019ve been stopping by for a few weeks, you\u2019ll know that our Bible Study group recently decided to make a difference in our community by making blankets to give away. Initially, we were going to make them for hospitalized children, but as we called around to the hospitals, we found that Project Linus is already doing a fantastic job of keeping them supplied. They didn\u2019t really need any more blankets, so we decided to shift our focus to a group that often gets overlooked; the patients in our local nursing home.\nWe decided on no-sew fleece blankets so that everyone could participate, no matter what their crafting experience was. We bought the fleece a few weeks ago, which was an adventure, and this past Friday night, we got together for pizza and blanket-making. The dads watched the little ones while the ladies worked on tying lots and lots of knots\u2026I was literally still tying in my sleep! Here\u2019s how to make a blanket of your own:\nNO-SEW FLEECE BLANKET\n- 2 pieces of coordinating fleece per blanket: you can use 2 solid colors, a print and a solid color, or even the same fleece for both sides\n*We used 1 1/4 yards per side, which would work for a baby/toddler and as a lap blanket for the nursing home patients. For a full size adult blanket you\u2019d need 2 or 2 1/2 yards.\n- Scissors, Ruler\n- 4\u2033x4\u2033 square of paper or cardstock\nSTEP 1: Trim selvage and lay the two pieces of fleece on top of each other with the right sides facing out. Trim so they\u2019re as close to exactly the same size as possible.\nSTEP 2: Place the 4\u00d74 square in one corner and cut through both layers of fleece, cutting the corner out. Repeat in other 3 corners.\nSTEP 3: Cut fringes by cutting 4\u2033 deep into both lay", "What is the annual brewing capacity that will help Tree House meet the increasing demand for craft beers", "le has to offer, and share their pictures for a chance to win a one-to-one tutorial with renowned street photographer Nick Turpin. Entries should be submitted by tagging @VisitTheCity and including #PictureTheCity on Instagram. The competition is open until Sunday 20 June 2021, so get out there and get snapping!", "What is the purpose of the blankets made by the Bible Study group", "What is the primary purpose of the Lasker Rink during the summer?}", "Friday, Feb. 13, 2009 | 6:27 p.m.\nLast year's discovery that two homes in Serene Country Estates were housing several homeless people has prompted Henderson to draw up a new ordinance that would prevent the practice.\nThe new zoning ordinance, which would redefine the number of occupants allowed in a single-family home, received a unanimously favorable recommendation Thursday night from the Planning Commission. It is scheduled to go before the City Council March 3.\nAfter residents in Serene Country Estates complained in June about what was happening in the two homes, city attorneys reviewed Henderson's single-family housing ordinance and determined that it was problematic, because it allows up to 10 unrelated people to live together in a single-family home.\n\"After researching the law in this area, it is my opinion that our ordinance can and should be amended in order to provide that a group of people living in the same household must function as at least a functional family unit, such that transient people living together merely as a result of a government program would not qualify as living in a single-family residence,\" Assistant City Attorney Ron Sailon wrote in a memo to the city's Community Development Department.\nThe ordinance being considered would require the residents of a single-family residence to meet the city's definition of a \"family unit,\" which could be one of three definitions: any number of related people and no more than two unrelated persons; four unr", "What are the primary features and characteristics of the Novetredici housing complex as described in the text", "Westerham High Street - PHOTOGRAPHER COMMENT\nPanorama showing the main road through Westerham in Kent. The picture shows a few of the old buildings and a couple of the pubs in the town.\nWesterham High Street - FURTHER INFORMATION\nWesterham High Street - Westerham visitor guide showing a virtual tour of 'Westerham High Street' linked to an interactive map with local and travel information. 360\u00b0 panoramas from Kent.\nWesterham is an old town, mentioned in the 1886 Doomsday Book as 'Ouistreham'. May people pass through the village as it lies on the A25, just south of the M25, between Oxted and Sevenoaks on the River Darent in Kent. For visitors, Westerham offers several old buildings, inlcuding the 14th Century St Mary's Church with som", "Scoop mp3. Bitrate: DOWNLOAD. Missy Elliot Ft Ciara Fatman Scoop Lose Control In The Description mp3. Find a Missy Elliott - Lose Control first pressing or reissue. Complete your Missy Elliott collection.\nSurprise modafoca audio\nInstant sound button of Surprise Motherfucker. Myinstants is where you discover and create instant sound buttons. 4 Jun - 2 sec - Uploaded by Best Sound Effects Download link below: \u2606 spinecongress2017.com Subscribe for more free SFX.\nDictionarul literaturii romne de la origini p na la 1900.PDF\nDownload Dictionarul Literaturii Romane de La Origini Pana La (). respect\u0103 normele de redactare stabilite de autorii viitoarei lucr\u0103ri, norme aplicate \u015fi \u00een cazul Dic\u0163ionarului literaturii rom\u00e2ne de la origini p\u00e2n\u0103 la , Bucure\u015fti. p\u00e2n\u0103 \u00een zilele noastre, cu focalizare asupra dic\u0163ionarelor monolingve. \u2013 a celor cu . principale de organizare a materialului \u2013 alfabetic\u0103 sau pe origini \u2013 mai scurt a Dic\u0163ionarului limbii rom\u00e2ne literare contemporane (DL), .\nBreakthrough of lemonade mouth\n\"Breakthrough\" is a song performed by the cast of American film Lemonade Mouth - formed by Bridgit Mendler, Adam Hicks, Hayley Kiyoko, Naomi Scott. Lyrics to \"Breakthrough\" song by Lemonade Mouth: Breakthrough Up, down, spinnin' all around Fly high, falling to the ground Sometimes dreams can fee. 1 meaning to Breakthrough lyrics by Lemonade Mouth: (Oooh Yeah mmm breakthrough) / Up down spinnin' all around / Fly high, fallin' to the..\nDriver hp compaq dx2200\nDownload the latest driver, firmware, and software for your HP Compaq dx Microtower spinecongress2017.com is HP's official website to download drivers free of cost for. Download the latest software & drivers for your HP Compaq dx Microtower PC. Download the latest drivers for your HP Compaq dx MT to keep your Computer up-to-date.", "Cardi B On Offset Cheating: \u201cIt\u2019s Not Right, But I Ain\u2019t No Angel.\u201d\nCardi B is opening up about those cheating allegations which surfaced back in 2017 against her soon to be husband, Offset.\nIn the April 2018 issue of Cosmopolitan magazine Cardi puts it all on the table admitting that he did in fact cheat on her, but it was ultimately her decision to say.\n\u201cIt\u2019s like everybody is coming down my neck like, \u2018Why are you not leaving him? You have low self-esteem.\u2019 I don\u2019t have low self-esteem \u2026 I know I look good. I kno", "What is the name of the song performed by the cast of the American film Lemonade Mouth", "What was the impact of the reform on top-income workers in firms managed by ordinary offices according to the Uganda Tax Authority's analysis", "What services or topics are being referenced related to 'computer' in the text", "r of social organization and is characterized by a transition from state-created money to bank-created money.\nThink about that for a moment. Capitalism is about bank-created money! For thousands of years, the state, for better or worse, controlled three monetary prerogatives discussed above. The state created money by spending it into existence and guaranteed its value by levying taxes in the unit of account in which it spent. Beginning around the twelfth century, however, states began to expand beyond what their power to tax could justify and so they asked private merchants for loans. (See Brown 2013, p.111, and Davies 2002, p.261.) Slowly but surely, states lost the majority of their power to create money and the seigniorage benefit that came with that creation. States only kept the power to determine the unit of account. But with that power came the responsibility to manage the stability of the unit of account.\nThere has been precious little discussion on ending or reigning in the commercial banking industry\u2019s money-creation power.\nIt is this strange conflict of interest with which this paper is most concerned. The state is forced to ensure a stable dollar, but it isn\u2019t able to determine how\u2014or for what\u2014dollars enter society. So while much of the discussion surrounding the Green New Deal concerns ending or reigning in capitalism, there has been precious little discussion on ending or reigning in the commercial banking industry\u2019s money-creation power.\nWhile capitalism is often thought of as the private accumulation of surplus, the manner in which that accumulation is enabled is often ignored. Commercially created money means that production surpluses remain within the private sector. Were the state to take back the power to create money, and the seigniorage benefit that comes with such creation, it would severely limit the extent to which the private sector could accumulate surplus. In fact, nationalizing money creation would align the right of the state to create money with the responsibility it bears to manage money\u2019s stability.\nPerhaps most importantly, by regaining the monetary prerogative, the state could influence the direction of the economy by spending and lending money into existence in accordance with its goals. In the case of the Green New Deal, these goals would be social justice and environmental sustainability. This would mean that the tenets of the Green New Deal\u2014from healthcare and education to healthy food and sustainable energy\u2014would become structural components of a just and sustainable economy and not simply regulatory mechanisms of an extractive capitalism.\nThe Green New Deal, as currently written, is an end-of-pipe regulatory framework that relies upon taxing bank-created money to finance social and environmental spending.\nThis is a huge difference! By avoiding a discussion of a nationalized money supply, the Green New Deal, as currently written, is an end-of-pipe regulatory framework that relies upon taxing bank-created money to finance social and environmental spending. A nationalized money supply would transform government spending into the monetary creation mechanism and embed justice and sustainability as hallmarks of how we manage our national economy.\nJoe Ament, PhD, is an ecological economist at The University of Vermont whose research explores monetary theory and policy in the context of socio-ecological equity.", "There is also a wonderful sensory garden designed by the children based on the story \"We're going on a bear hunt\". It includes lots of plants to touch and smell, growing of fruit and vegetables, climbing challenges, a willow den and outdoor classroom.\nWe are a happy, caring pre-school, dedicated to providing good pre-school education to the under 5s. We pride ourselves on building warm, caring and respectful relationships with the children and families within our setting and welcome applications from all families regardless of faith, race or gender.\n\"Children benefit from excellent opportunities to spend time in the exceptional outside space and develop strong physical skills and belief in their own abilities.\" Ofsted May 201", "What are some reasons the author believes a nationalized banking system is critical to the success of the Green New Deal", "he purpose of safety, you should understand the major importance of using the proper tools for the proper job. For a complete and thorough understanding of various tools, read the training manual, Use and Care of Hand Tools and Measuring Tools, NAVEDTRA 12085. The following tool kits are available to the Utilitiesman from the Naval Construction Force, Table of Allowance (TOA):\n80001 Kit, Plumbers: This kit contains the basic equipment and hand tools required for field installation of various plumbing systems.\n80002 Kit, Plumbers Shop: This kit contains the basic equipment and hand tools required for establishing a base maintenance plumbing shop.\n80005 Kit, Service Refrigeration: This kit contains the basic equipment and hand tools required for routine maintenance, recharging, and repair of various types of refrigeration units.\n80055 Kit, Cast-Iron Pipe Installation: This kit contains the basic equipment and hand tools required for installation of cast-iron piping.\n80088 Kit, Power Threading: This kit contains a power threader and all of the attachments to place threads on pipe material.\nYou may be required to draw tools from the central toolroom (CTR) or the central storeroom (CSR). Procedures for issue and accounting of tools and replacement of broken or missing tools are established in the Seabee Supply Manual, COMTHIRDNCB/ COMSECONDNCB 4400.3. You are responsible for the following:\nMaintaining the complete tool kit for which you signed\nUsing and caring for tools assigned to you\nPreserving those tools in use and those not in use\nSecuring assigned tools\nAccounting for toolsContinue Reading", "What are the responsibilities of Utilitiesmen in relation to plumbing installation and safety", "What is the relationship between the author of the text and the blog mentioned", "Useful information for your stay in Paris\nCity of Paris\n- Weights & Measures\n- Money, Banks etc.\n- Public Holidays\n- Events, performances, etc.\n- Telephone, fax\nFrench, and it\u2019s always a big help to know a few phrases in the local lingo\u2026\nBonjour! Learn French online for free!\nThis is a great site, you choose the phrase you want to hear and listen to the pronunciation.\n- Greetings and Courtesies\n- Alphabet, Numbers, Days, Months and Seasons\n- Question Words, Quantities, Weather, and Time\n- Asking for Help, Emergencies\n- Banks, Taxis, and Restaurants\n- Transportation and Finding Your Way\n- Touring, Socializing, and Famous Expressions\n- Love and Romance\nCurrent French time\n220V, 50Hz, 2-pin (round) plug\n- As of January 1, 2002, the euro (\u20ac) replaced the national currency of 12 countries within the European Union, including France. You can exchange currency at any bank branch (hours are listed below). Automatic cash machines can be found in most commercial centres.\n- Bank Opening Hours\nBanking hours in Paris are usually from 10am to 5pm, Monday to Friday. Throughout the rest of France, banks are usually open from 10am to 1pm, and 3pm to 5pm, Tuesday through Saturday. Banks often close earlier the day before a public holiday.\n- Currency exchange\nCurrency exchange can be carried out at all bank branches and Post Offices. Bureaux de change can also be found in large department stores, railway stations, airports and near to tourist sites. Please note: although the exchange rate is fixed, commission rates are not. By law these must be clearly displayed.\nCheck out the current Euro exchange rate with your currency here (close the new window to return): Travel Signposts Currency Converter\nThey are accepted in a large number of shops, hotels and restaurants. Shopkeepers often state a minimum amount required to be spent.\nIf you lose your credit card, immediately contact your credit card emergency hot-line to cancel the card, or call your credit card company\u2019s local office \u2013 see numbers below:\nVisa: +33 (0)1 42 77 45 45\nDiner\u2019s Club: +33 (0) 1 47 62 75 75\nAmerican Express: +33 (0) 1 47 77 72 00\n|Fixed Date National Public Holidays|\n|New Year\u2019s Day (Jour de l\u2019an)|\n|Labor Day (F\u00eate du Travail)|\n|WWII Liberation Day|\n|Bastille Day (F\u00eate nationale)|\n|Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary (Assomption)|\n|All Saints Day (La Toussaint)|\n|Armistice Day (L\u2019armistice)|\n|Christmas Day (No\u00ebl)|\n|Movable National Public Holidays|\n|Easter Monday (P\u00e2ques) || |\nIn case of emergency, dial these numbers\nFire / accident (Pompiers)\n24 hour Pharmacy\n01 48 74 65 18 / 01 45 62 02 41\n01 43 35 40 87\n01 43 35 40 86\n01 47 07 77 77 or 01 820 332 424\nDentist (SOS Dentistes)\n01 43 37 51 00\nHertford British Hospital\n01 46 39 22 22\n01 47 47 70 15\n01 43 29 33 00\n01 46 21 46 46\n01 49 36 10 10\nIf you have lost\n- your documents\nReport the matter to the local police station, they will give you a receipt, then contact your consulate.\n- your keys, or a personal item\nAsk at the police station", "we design Urdu WordPress theme with name Marhaba Urdupress Newspaper Theme. This is WordPress Urdu theme for Urdu news and Urdu magazine and. Urdu WordPress Responsive News / Magazine / Technology and Blog Theme for Pakistan.\nGame java rpg english version\nYou can find all the new free rpg games on the mobile phone x Download x games on your cell phone for free. Choose and download new free. Regulus World (English RPG) Java Game, download to your mobile for free. Game ID: ; Screen: x; Version: ; Genre: Sports.\nWhere can i music for my nokia phone\nIf you have music or videos stored on your computer, but want to access them on your phone, use a USB cable to sync the media between your phone and. 12 Aug - 3 min - Uploaded by MultiMrTechnology To download music go to spinecongress2017.com . Rate comment and subscribe. 28 May - 1 min - Uploaded by Hacked Thunder How to transfer music to Nokia (s60v5) 1. Get your music file .mp3) to your desktop/map 2..\nVb6 runtime components\n25 Mar spinecongress2017.com is a self-extracting executable file that installs versions of the Microsoft Visual Basic run-time files required by all applications. 22 Apr Includes Visual Basic to runtime library. Includes Visual Basic Extension (VBX) and unsupported Visual Basic components. Includes MS JET, WMI, MSXML, DAO, DCOM, MDAC, and WSH. The Visual Basic Runtime is a component of Windows Vista, 7, 8 and 10, rather than a separate application.\nIntel network driver windows 7\n21 Feb Installs Intel\u00ae Network Adapter drivers release for Windows* 7. Includes Intel\u00ae PROSet for Windows Device Manager*, advanced. 15 Apr Installs the LAN driver version for Intel\u00ae Desktop Boards with the Intel\u00ae Gigabit Ethernet Controller for Windows 7*.\nMissy elliot feat ciara lose control\nMissy Elliott Lose Control Ft Ciara Fat Man", "[ntp:hackers] Samba's MS-NTP implementation\nmayer at ntp.org\nMon Jul 13 01:11:53 UTC 2009\nI have been reviewing the code that the Samba team introduced into the\nNTP dev code base and I am seeing a lot of problems that disturb me\nabout this contribution. So let me enumerate the problems with the\n1) The code uses a TCP socket to call another server. This is even\nthough NTP only uses UDP\n2) The code only seems to try to contact a Samba server but it should\nequally be able to connect to an Active Directory Domain Controller or a\n3) The code blocks on the connect, the send (write) and the recv (read)\ncalls all of which violate the basic requirements of NTP. I am unsure of\nthe affect of using this on a Windows system.\n4) The code uses AF_UNIX instead of AF_INET or AF_INET6 as appropriate\n5) The time for another server to respond is indeterminate and cannot be\n6) The requirement that it waits for another server makes it easy to\nmount a DOS attack on such an NT", "What does the proposed ordinance aim to change about the occupancy limits in single-family homes in Serene Country Estates", "What types of activities are offered during the ZIS vacation programs", "We are rolling out a new \u201cSpotlight\u201d series on our blog. Each month, we will post an interview of someone from a justice court or constable office. Here is our first one!\nJudge Clyde \u201cBubba\u201d Howse\nJustice of the Peace, Medina County Precinct 3\n- Tell us a bit about your background.\nI was born and raised in the Air Force. I was born at Ft. Clayton, Panama Canal Zone. I have lived in Panama, France, Germany, Belgium, Switzerland, Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Tennessee and Texas. I graduated from Winston Churchill High School in San Antonio, Texas. After almost two years at the University of Corpus Christi, I worked in the oil field. When the oil field shut down, I moved to Sherman, Texas where I was the Golf Course Superintendent at the Grayson County Golf Course for 9 years. I took some Turf Science and Pest Control classes at the Golf Course and I was asked to apply to be an Investigator for the Texas Pest Control Board and EPA. I received that job and covered 27 counties in the East Texas area. There were some big changes in the Texas Pest Control Board and EPA, so I went to work for the Grayson County Sheriff\u2019s Office in the Jail. While on vacation in Hondo, Texas I visited with the Sheriff of Medina County and then moved to Medina County and worked with the Medina County Sheriff\u2019s Office as a Jailer and Animal Control Officer for 7 years.\n- What made you decide to become a Judge?\nI have been very interested in Law Enforcement and the Law for many years. I was getting a warrant for an animal seizure from Judge George Ernst, Justice of the", "P server.\n7) The reliance on another server increases the likelihood that the\njitter and delay will increase enormously in unexpected and unreliable\nways and that is something that NTP cannot afford.\n8) There maybe some issues over the copyright of the protocol which is\ncovered under Microsoft's Open Specifications copyright but I am not a\nlawyer and cannot say if there are any legal issues involved with this code.\nThis is so at variance with the NTP design requirements that I am\nrecommending that we completely remove the Samba contribution from the\n4.2.5 code at this time. If at some point in the future this can be done\nwithout involving a third system then it can be reconsidered. Even if\nthis is released we should explicitly be turning off this capability and\nrequire that anyone who wants to use it turn it on.\nThis message has been scanned for viruses and\ndangerous content by MailScanner, and is\nbelieved to be clean.\nMore information about the hackers", "What material is commonly used on the palm of cycling and paddling gloves to improve grip", "What are some nearby attractions mentioned in the text associated with Westerham", "Micro Penis PrideI voted in the micro penis pride poll recently and admitted i hid my little **** in the locker room. So i decided to have some pride in my little **** next time i was in the locker room.\nSo this morning i went to the swimming pool and when my session was over i went to the locker room with 9 other men and boys.Normally i am very coy and hide my little ****. But today i slipped off my shorts and and faced everyone and started to dry my hair with my towel.", "How many clues are there in the May 24, 2023 crossword puzzle", "What does Cardi B say about her self-esteem in connection to the cheating allegations against Offset", "What are the concerns raised about the Samba team's MS-NTP implementation", "HOW Silver BRACELETS FOR GIRLS CAN BRING THEIR ENTIRE ATTIRE TOGETHER?\nBracelets have long been a part of the human world. Bracelets to us have remained symbolic for all kinds of reasons. Eternal love, the circle of life, and today also fashion!\nWe are in the 21st Century today in the year 2019 and a girl or a woman wants to work, stay independent and stylish at the same time. Bracelets have kept girls and woman on point so effortlessly that it almost seems magical.\nNo matter what your attire, just adding the right kind of bracelet can bring it all together. Depending on the kind of occasion or location, may it be a daily work day at the office, an outing with your close circle, a blind date, a festival, or a wedding ceremony, the right kind of fancy bracelet\nwith the appropriate outfit can completely change your persona, and give you the sophisticated elegance that you yearn for.\nWhat silver bracelets go with which attire?\nThin, subtle and minimalistic!\nSleek silver bracelets\nare some of the most elegant style of bracelets. They\u2019re life savers. A sleek silver bracelet\nmatches nearly all attires. They\u2019re your last resort in times of emergencies, although they also are one of the best resorts. In times when all else fails, your subtle and thin designed silver adjustable bracelet\ncan completely turn your day around.\nPearl for the elegant girl.\nAlthough pearls don\u2019t go with every attire, they are certainly a saver many a times depending on the colour of the pearls. White pearl silver bracelets\nare the most attire friendly from the pearl family. Without any hesitance a pearl bracelet looks way more elegant than that of any other kind. An amalgamation of pearls with a silver bracelet is like riding a Rolls Royce on the Mumbai-Pune Highway,", "What actions did the writer take to show pride in their micro penis in the locker room", "What are non-necessary cookies and what is required before they can be used on a website", "What initiative has been launched by the City of London Corporation to encourage Londoners to explore the city post-lockdown", "elated people; or two unrelated people and any minor children related to either of them.\nIn the two homes in Serene Country Estates, homeless individuals were placed by a property management company, which found them on the street and took them to Clark County Social Services to apply for a rental voucher. If approved, the individuals were put up in the homes for up to three months while they looked for work and permanent lodgings.\nThe practice was legal because of the way the ordinance is written, but it raised concerns among city officials after some Serene Country Estates residents complained that they were being confronted and threatened by the occupants of the two homes.\nIn his memo, Sailon wrote that, while cities aren't allowed to define family units as traditional nuclear families, the courts have upheld their efforts to uphold family environments by limiting single-family homes to stable groups.\n\"This suggested definition of a family unit promotes a sense of community, sanctity of family, quiet and peaceful neighborhoods, low population, limited congestion of motor vehicles and controlled transiency,\" Sailon wrote. \"These are valid zoning objectives.\"\nThe ordinance would preclude \"any society, club, fraternity, sorority, lodge, organization or group where people come and go on a transient basis or where the relationship is merely based on a commercial basis\" from residing in a single-family home.\nJeremy Twitchell can be reached at 990-8928 or [email protected].", "it onto our list of top IPAs this year for a few reasons. Not only is this beer pretty easy to find, but it won\u2019t break your bank either. This IPA is full of citrus notes and goes perfectly with long summer days with friends. With an alcohol percentage of about 5%, the All Day IPA makes for a great, light beer to drink without feeling too weighed down if you want a few.\nBell\u2019s Two Hearted Ale\nNamed after the Two Hearted River in Michigan, Bell\u2019s Two Hearted Ale is one of the most popular IPAs across the country. Full of hops, citrus, malts, and delicate hints of fruit, this IPA is delicious no matter the time of year. It\u2019s also a great start for people that are just diving into the world of IPAs. This beer pairs great with summer barbeques and days out on the lake, and its ABV rings in at 7%, meaning that you\u2019re in for a good time.\nFinding Your Favorite New IPA\nIPAs show off the skills of the breweries that create them by combining ingredients like malts, hops, barley, and more to create unique beers with complex flavor profiles. As IPAs become more and more popular, more and more new styles are being worked on by breweries everywhere.\nWhether you\u2019re interested in trying a new IPA or you want to stock up on an old favorite, you can find what you\u2019re looking for at Payless Liquors. With our vast collection of IPAs and many other styles, you\u2019re bound to find something new to love. Check out our full beer selection over on our website", "What characteristics make Bell's Two Hearted Ale a good option for those new to IPAs", "What was Nathan Hastings' relationship with Olivia Barber and Drucilla Barber in the text", "ty features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.\nAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website", "What does the text suggest about the perception of friendship in relation to individuals belonging to certain religions", "SLIPPERY FUN: WORLD ICE RINKS\nThanks to romantic Hollywood movies New York rinks became the most familiar for ordinary cinema-lover. Admittedly, the most well-known is the famous Wollman Skating Rink located in the Central Park. First time it welcomed comers in 1950. Arena is weather-independent and therefore one can safely visit it from October to April. By the way, here was filmed a romantic scene of the popular Christmas movie Serendipity. Curiously, while filming, how many takes were there before Kate Beckinsale and John Cusack managed scenes where they fall and final touching moments with flying gloves? Apart from actors, athletes also drop to the park. Theirs is the second rink located nearby \u2013 the Lasker Rink. This dual-purpose recreational site serves as both a pool during the summer and an ice field for hockey teams during the winter.\nAnother favourite spot of Manhattan inhabitants is an ice rink at Rockefeller Center. City residents had it opened by Christmas in 1936, and still it is annually visited by a quarter of a million of skaters. The main star attraction of the arena is the giant Christmas tree in the centre, so be careful otherwise you risk to bang into fence while gapping in wonder at garlands. And not only that! Shops and cafes along the perimeter are so numerous and bright that one may think the rink was constructed not for a flock of skaters, but for the army of gourmands and shopaholics.\nNo less remarkable is a Parisian tiny rink at the Eiffel Tower. Though up to", "ut the chair is sized down for your little one. The wooden frame and feet ensure years of enjoyment. Use this kids armchair in the bedroom, nursery, or next to your favorite chair in the living room for some quality family time! more ...", "The download \u0431\u0443\u0445\u0433\u0430\u043b\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 \u0443\u0447\u0451\u0442 \u043e\u043f\u0435\u0440\u0430\u0446\u0438\u0439 \u0441 \u043d\u0430\u043b\u0438\u0447\u043d\u043e\u0439 \u0432\u0430\u043b\u044e\u0442\u043e\u0439 \u0438 \u0447\u0435\u043a\u0430\u043c\u0438 \u0444\u0438\u0437 \u043b\u0438\u0446\u0430 \u0443\u0447\u0435\u0431\u043d\u043e \u043c\u0435\u0442\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u043e\u0431\u0438\u0435 2005 will work wasted to detailed indexing Author. It may is up to 1-5 revelations before you worked it. The robot will wear triggered to your Kindle request. It may gives up to 1-5 reasons before you were it. You can show a fun sacrifice and support your funds. sure bosses will all create long in your download \u0431\u0443\u0445\u0433\u0430\u043b\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 \u0443\u0447\u0451\u0442 \u043e\u043f\u0435\u0440\u0430\u0446\u0438\u0439 \u0441 \u043d\u0430\u043b\u0438\u0447\u043d\u043e\u0439 of the results you have been. Whethe", "Kong was his mob name\nDetective with Paul Williams Detective Agency at time of death\nOlivia Barber [Married: 1991; divorced: 1996]\nNathan Oliver Hastings Jr. (son with Olivia; 1992)\nMobster, unknown crimes\nFormer mobster, Nathan Hastings, who became a detective with the Paul Williams Detective Agency, caught a shoplifter while working security for Fenmore's Department Store. Nathan ended up talking the judge into releasing Drucilla Barber into his custody and took her in once he realized another thing they shared-Nathan was once illiterate, too. Nathan taught Dru to read and be more ladylike, and eventually Dru fell in love with him. But lo and behold, who was Nathan's girlfriend? Dr. Olivia Barber, Drucilla's \"perfect\" sister. The sisters were reunited, but it was obvious no love was lost between them. Nathan explained that his heart was with Olivia. Dru plotted to win him away by seducing him, but that didn't work. Olivia informed their parents of Dru's presence in Genoa City. They came to see Dru, but were rebuffed, so returned home.\nPushed by Olivia to produce her mystery \"boyfriend,\" Drucilla talked Jabot executive trainee Neil Winters into playing the part. Neil ended up falling in love with Olivia himself. Olivia decided that Dru was setting them up, so moved up her wedding date. This was the year of the grand masquerade ball. Olivia had to work, so Nathan dressed as an Arabian and took Dru, dressed as the Firebird ballerina. Nathan and Olivia married with Dru as reluctant maid of honor. Dru and Neil commiserated, and ended up falling in love. It was obvious both couples were mismatched. The scholarly Olivia was married to the former criminal Nathan, and the former criminal Dru was with the well-educated Neil Winters. Neil supported Dru in her rise to ballerina stardom. But she turned down a chance to tour with the ballet for a modeling career. Neil thought it unforgivable, to be giving up art for self-gratification and big money, so they broke up.\nA pregnant Olivia was found to have ovarian cancer, but refused to abort the baby to save her life. After the birth, Liv was to have a hysterectomy, but it and the cancer subject were dropped. But in later years they d", "|Kidkraft 18616 Laguna Chair Navy\n|Let your little princess sit back and relax in this comfy and modern Upholstered Kids Chair. The light navy canvas fabric is complemented by white piping on the chair and cushion for a grown-up style, b", "Hi Steve,I am your Mom's old friend and neighbor from your childhood. We use to sit in your backyard on 1 Pennybrook road. My children are Robin and Dave. I think you are abouta year older than Robin, but I am not certain about that.I just wanted to comme", "How do silver bracelets contribute to a girl's overall attire", "What is the purpose of the Marhaba Urdupress Newspaper Theme", "What were the concerns raised by city officials regarding the placement of homeless individuals in Serene Country Estates", "What potential benefits does the text suggest could arise from nationalizing money creation in the context of the Green New Deal", "leather palm.\nThe type of material used on the palm of the glove. Grippy palms have a raised silicone or polyurethane pattern to improve grip and are most often seen on cycling and paddling handwear", "What historical document mentioned the town of Westerham, and what was its name in that document", "What is the focus of the download titled '\u0431\u0443\u0445\u0433\u0430\u043b\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 \u0443\u0447\u0451\u0442 operations \u0441 \u043d\u0430\u043b\u0438\u0447\u043d\u043e\u0439 \u0432\u0430\u043b\u044e\u0442\u043e\u0439 \u0438 \u0447\u0435\u043a\u0430\u043c\u0438 \u0444\u0438\u0437 \u043b\u0438\u0446\u0430 \u0443\u0447\u0435\u0431\u043d\u043e \u043c\u0435\u0442\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u043e\u0431\u0438\u0435 2005'", "the Uganda Tax Authority, we analyse the impact of the reform on reported labour incomes. In the preferred specification, we find very limited support for behavioural reactions. However, heterogeneity analysis reveals that top-income workers in firms handled by ordinary (as opposed to medium or large taxpayer) offices report lower incomes after the reform. We also find suggestive evidence that part of the response may arise from income shifting. The reform managed to raise more revenue and it also led to a limited reduction in after-tax income inequality", "What is the purpose of the tax-exempt bond issued by MassDevelopment for Tree House Brewing Company", "What support does Little Fishes ensure for each child to help them reach their full potential", "Are you ready to tie the knot? Take this expression literally with Eterna, a ring with an elegant bow design set with handcrafted zirconium. Perfect for", "LEARNING OBJECTIVE: Recognize proper tool accountability and safety; recognize procedures for laying out wastewater systems, water distribution systems, and joining different types of piping; and recognize accessories used in their construction.\nPlumbing plays a major role in the construction of all types of residential, commercial, and industrial buildings. Of all the building trades, plumbing is most essential to the health and well-being of the community, in general, and to the occupants of the buildings in particular. It is an obligation and responsibility for each and every Utilitiesman to uphold the vital trust placed in him or her for proper installation of plumbing materials and equipment. Each plumbing installation is governed by the rules and regulations set forth in local plumbing codes that have been adopted from standards established at the local, state, and federal level. As you progress in rate as a Utilitiesman, it becomes your job to ensure that codes established for the job are carried out. You may soon be the supervisor or instructor responsible for training Utilitiesmen under you.\nIn this chapter you are introduced to the tools required for plumbing and to the different types of materials used in underground and aboveground piping. You will discover where, why, and when to use certain materials during installation and repair of these piping systems.\nLEARNING OBJECTIVE: Recognize the importance of tool accountability, types of tool kits, and methods of their use and safety.\nTo install varioustypes of equipment, you will use many different hand tools and power tools. For t", "Simply designed and snug, these very windproof, thin and light liner gloves will keep your hands warm and nimble. Ideal for ski touring.\n- Made from Polartec\u00ae Windbloc\u00ae fabric.\n- Reinforced Pittards\u00ae", "w I\u2019m rich, I know I\u2019m talented. I know I could get any man I want\u2014any basketball player, football player. But I want to work out my sh*t with my man, and I don\u2019t got to explain why. I\u2019m not your property. This is my life \u2026 I\u2019m going to take my time, and I\u2019m going to decide on my decision \u2026 It\u2019s not right, what he f*cking did \u2014 but people don\u2019t know what I did, \u2019cause I ain\u2019t no angel.\u201d\nWe really don\u2019t know what to make of what Cardi mean by she \u201cain\u2019t no angel\u201d but we\u2019re glad she got hers for whatever it\u2019s worth \ud83d\ude0f", "What are some features of the sensory garden designed by the children"]}