{"q_indices": [119, 72, 31, 51, 83, 11, 8, 127, 15, 29, 33, 25, 53, 114, 12, 121, 86, 85, 27, 62, 36, 111, 46, 1, 67, 79, 68, 110, 26, 57, 59, 66, 58, 35, 107, 95, 118, 84, 7, 6, 101, 61, 28, 92, 91, 13, 0, 23, 16, 76, 90, 126, 49, 70, 39, 45, 9, 97, 42, 102, 43, 74, 123, 96], "a_indices": [108, 56, 21, 48, 40, 37, 55, 104, 10, 106, 109, 5, 18, 34, 105, 32, 87, 64, 30, 44, 80, 99, 88, 54, 112, 24, 81, 113, 41, 20, 100, 94, 52, 19, 50, 75, 78, 47, 3, 125, 17, 103, 60, 117, 71, 93, 116, 38, 122, 65, 98, 22, 124, 120, 63, 77, 69, 89, 73, 115, 14, 4, 2, 82], "texts": ["What reason does Miss Ferguson give for thinking that Fred and Catherine will never get married", "What types of design projects are mentioned in the text segment", "A Bra For Brad\nby Madison O\u2019Reilly\nA man that lusts after his wife having enlarged breasts finally gets his way when his wife agrees to surgery. Somehow, however, she manages to switch. Brad is laying on the", "In this brief, dense hour of misery and mystery, Kelly (Rachel Zampelli) salts herself in grief over the death of her husband Craig (Thomas Keegan) while Craig\u2019s identical twin brother Peter (Keegan, again) haunts her living room, reeling out complaints about his life and job as he stutters his way to a revelation.\nThe nature of that revelation is, of course, the business of Dying City, and Thomas Shinn\u2019s story, given somber voice by director Matthew Gardiner and Signature Theatre, plays it out like an expert fisher landing a marlin. There is no question but that the form has art. But does it have substance?\nWe skateboard between past (in which Kelly, a psychotherapist, and Craig, a nascent literary scholar about to discharge what he sees is his debt to country in Iraq, ruminate about life and job and family) and the present (in which Peter, a successful actor with a fabulous ability to rationalize his failings, tells his troubles to Kelly). Peter, standing in Kelly\u2019s classy New York living room (nice set by Dan Conway) will get a phone call from his director or agent and will step inside the bedroom to take it; the lights will dim; and Craig will emerge, catapulting us back in time. And vice versa.\nKeegan is good at this transition. He is a large, muscular man and as Craig he has the bearing and attentiveness of a linebacker two seconds before the snap. When he transforms back to Peter his body relaxes; his voice goes up half an octave; and his stance is softer, more open. It is a subtle performance, and a fine one. The first time he appears as Craig may be a little disorienting, but after that things should be fine for you.\nCloses November 25, 2012\n4200 Cambell Avenue\nArlington, VA 22206\n1 hour, 2 minutes with no intermission\nTickets: $39 \u2013 $70\nTuesdays thru Sundays\nTickets or call 703-573-7328\nFor her part, Zampelli is at every moment authentic both as a young married woman and as a widow. With Craig, her Kelly is immersed in family", "vailable on its About page, which is updated daily.\nIn February, Tumblr took its business development a step further with the launch of \"highlighted posts.\" The feature lets Tumblr users pay $1 to get more visibility for their work.\nIn a recent interview with Advertising Age, Karp said that using something like Google AdSense to generate revenue was \"far down the list\" of priorities. But he also acknowledged the growth of Tumblr, and the potential that growth has for marketers.\n\"We have about 4.5 billion impressions a week. There's value in that to advertisers\u2026,\" he said.\nAs for Karp's 2010 reaction toward advertising, he acknowledges now that he didn't know what he was talking about at the time:\n\u2014 Kunur Patel (@kunur) April 18, 2012\nWhat do you think of Tumblr's announcement? Selling out, or necessary step? Let us know your thoughts in the comments.", "k though, not a big problem for me.\nI bought this like 2 weeks ago and I saw this as well but I didn\u2019t buy it though because it\u2019s quite expensive and I\u2019m not really into marshmallows\nBut I really like seeing them and I just kept touching and squeezing it because it\u2019s big and soft and look good lol", "What is the primary emotional tone of the play Dying City as described in the text", "What is the central theme explored in the play 'Dying City'", "What was Deborah Lynn Freitas's gender at the time of their arrest", "What feature does the suggested coffee table include to enhance the morning routine experience", "The western end of the continent has been left virtually untouched by the cataclysm.\nPrior to the changes, this area was left by the Republic for political reasons: It is the land of birth of the Magister and has long been under the rule of the Grand Circle of Faith.\nThe Republic found it expedient not to have them within the state but to have it as a friend nearby. Whilst they protected the Theocracy they also ensured that it was not part of the Republic, going so far as to maintain a border state as a buffer; the Kingdom of Elland.\nThe priests teach that the Theocracy was untouched by the cataclysm because the gods protected their faithful followers and once all the lands are united under the faith the gods will allow us to drive the demons out once more.\nWith the loss of the protection from the Republic the head of the Grand Circle of Faith, the Archimandrite, relies now upon the Kingdom and the remnants of the Republic in the Shieldlands for physical protection.\nIt is the job of all faithful to protect the spiritual well being of the people while others handle mundane, physical protection.\nThe climate of the Theocracy is quite varied due to its geographic situation. Its northern border touches the Isenford and as such the area is cold and covered in snow for a large part of the year. The central region is more temperate with rolling plains and low lying hills. As you travel south towards the borders of the Orclands, the Mountains of Fire rear up as a wall against intruders. The western edge of the land supports a number of small port towns each of which maintain a fleet to harvest the bounty of the Eismeer and patrol the waters for signs of Northland raiders.\nThe Winged Lion\nThe main symbol, found repeated around temples in the Theocracy is the Winged Lion. It is the symbol of the Magister, who had a great respect for cats. This has made feline beastkin popular in the Theocracy, particularly in Sarqand.\nThe Sun and the Eagle\nThe Moon and the Faithful Hound\nThe Moon is symbolic of the Mother as she lights the gloom and protects the physical form in the dark places of the world. She is also represented by the faithful hound or wolf who guards and protects with love and affection.\nThe Stars and the Gryphon\nThe star is seen as a powerful force that represents the warrior. Just as the stars are legion so to is the strength of the warrior boundless. The gryphon is seen as a powerful symbol of strength and resilience, is tied very closely to warrior worship. Temple Guards who are devotees of the Warrior often use the gryphon as a sacred symbol.\nSnakes are seen in fables and scriptures as reclusive creatures, blessed by the gods with powers of wisdom and stealth. In these stories they often impart a secret or cunning plan to the hero or show her the true nature of an adversary.\nIt was with this that the Grand Circle of Faith have used to justify the acceptance of Lizard-Kin into civilised society, despite their horrific appearance.\nThe smaller cults of the Designer that exist in a few places in the Northlands and the Kingdom have taken to using this imagery to represent their belief in this lesser deity.\nWorship, ceremony and dedication to faith means everything in the Theocracy.\nPrayer and obedience are ingrained into the life of every citizen. They are taught from an early age that only by obeying the teachings and living a pure life through worship and sacrifice will they ascend to be with the Gods in the Afterworld when they die, and any deviation is met with stern discipline.\nThe people of The Theocracy tend towards the more scholarly pursuits and a significant proportion of them are employed or are heavily involved with the running upkeep and veneration of the gods and their faiths. Many are priests or acolytes working in the places of worship or grave attendants seeing to the needs of passed arch-priests or heirophants resting in their white marble tombs.\nOthers practice the path of the artisan or work with magics to the betterment of the Theocracy. This is particularly significant as the Magister told the people that magic was a source of great danger for them in that it was a route for the demons into their minds. The magical practitioners benefit hugely from the oversight and endorsement of the Faith although this creates a tendency to extreme conservatism.\nThe martial pursuits are less prevalent in the Theocracy than in the Kingdom. Each temple city maintains a small standing army of Temple Guard who are responsible for the protection of the city as well as the tombs of the dead. They form the vanguard of the city\u2019s defense if attacks occur but these are rare due to the buffer afforded to the nation by the Kingdom and its natural borders with the sea and the impassable mountains. Historically the greatest threat has come from the north.\nIt is a badly kept secret that some of these senior initiates disappeared during the Night of Blood, taking forbidden holy texts with them. The arch-priests and temple guard are keen to recover these, as the ceremonies listed could potentially be perverte", "What issue did the author face during a family vacation related to airport security screenings", "What are some of the new features introduced in The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D compared to the original Nintendo 64 version", "What psychological effects does the change in the film's score reflect during the portrayal of urban agriculture in Detroit", "Tumblr founder and CEO David Karp announced that advertisers will be able to buy ad units on the 'Featured' section of Tumblr's dashboard, which gets approximately 120,000 impressions a day.\nKarp made the announcement at the Ad Age Digital Conference in New York, and said advertisers will be able to pay for space beginning May 2.\nThe move represents a significant turnaround for Karp, who in 2010 told the Los Angeles Times, \"We're pretty opposed to advertising. It really turns our stomachs.\"\nBut two years later, things have certainly changed. If recents developments are any indication, the five-year-old platform is growing at an astounding rate. As of Wednesday, the site boasts more than 52 million Tumblr blogs, which have in turn churned out over 21 billion total posts, more 53 million of which were created April 18 alone. The site's statistics are a", "What role did the Grand Circle of Faith play in the protection of the Theocracy after the cataclysm", "Why did Heather Arnet choose to stay in Pittsburgh and become involved in civic affairs", "Teal Neck Wrap\nAvailability: In stock\nCreate a soothing spa experience at home with this plush teal neck wrap. Use the removable gel pack hot or cold for the perfect solution to aching muscles.\nFor a heated wrap: Soak gel pack in hot water (not to exceed 113\u00b0F/45\u00b0C) for 6 minutes. If gel pack expands like a balloon, pack is overheated. Discontinue heating. Let neck wrap stand in the microwave for at least 1 minute (or until you feel comfortable with the temperature) after heating to avoid potential harm to skin. For a cold wrap: Place the entire wrap in a plastic bag. Put into freezer for 30 minutes before use. Cleaning instructions for gel pack: Rub gently with a damp cloth. Washing instructions for fabric cover: Machine wash cold separately (remove gel pack). Hang dry. Do not bleach. Do not tumble dry. Cover is 100% polyester. WARNING: Use with caution when applying a heated neck wrap. Do not apply the gel pack directly on skin. Always cover with the remov", "by Ian Marshall, ITTF Publications Editor\nSingapore\u2019s Feng Tianwei, who won is Seoul in 2010 and Japan\u2019s Kasumi Ishikawa who prevailed in Bangkok in 2014, are both in action in Doha.\nThe third player of the illustrious group is Chen Jing; she won in Sydney in 2000 when representing Chinese Taipei. Notably in 1988 when in action for China, she had won the Women\u2019s Singles gold at the first ever Olympic Games.\nBoth Kasumi Ishikawa and Feng Tianwei are highly seeded in Doha; Kasumi Ishikawa is the no.2 seed, Feng Tianwei is the no.4 seed; they are in different halves of the draw but I suspect one is more pleased with the name of their first round adversary than the other.\nKasumi Ishikawa faces Korea\u2019s Suh Hyowon, a player she has beaten on the most recent three occasions on the international scene without surrendering a single game.\nAt the GAC Group 2015 Asian Cup in Jaipur, India; Kasumi Ishikawa emerged successful in both the initial group stage matches and in the contest for fifth place. Later she was to win in the final at the Grand Finals in 2014 in Bangkok.\nConversely, for Feng Tianwei she confronts Japan\u2019s Miu Hirano, a player hot foot from the Sun International World Junior Championships in Cape Town, South Africa. At the Nakheel Asian Cup earlier this year, Feng Ti", "alance sheets, supply chain financing needs to attract a wider range of financial participants if it is to reach its true potential, particularly for small-to-midsize (SME) suppliers that are finding it difficult to access affordable financing.\nIn this year's awards we have expanded the number of categories. They now include financing and the full range of components and building blocks\u2014B2B collaborative networks, e-procurement, discount management, trade document management, risk management and insurance\u2014that are essential for successful supply chain management and that provide the level of automation needed to enable the financing process.\n|Best Supply Chain Finance Provider\u2014Bank||Citi|\n|Best Supply Chain Finance Provider\u2014Nonbank||Orbian|\n|Best Supplier Support And Enrollment||Basware|\n|Best Payables Supplier Financing Solution||PrimeRevenue|\n|Best Preshipment Financing Solution||Standard Chartered|\n|Best Customer Implementation of a Supply Chain Financing Solution||Royal Bank of Scotland and Carlsberg|\n|Best Web-based Supply Chain Financing Solution||PrimeRevenue OpenSCi|\n|Best Platform Connecting Buyers, Suppliers and Financial Institutions||TradeCard|\n|Best Integrated Trade, Supply Chain Finance and Cash Management Solutions||SEB|\n|Best Inventory Management||TradeCard|\n|Best Trade Document Management||Citi|\n|Best Analytics for Credit Scoring and Supplier Risk Assessment||Dun & Bradstreet|\n|Best Invoice Discount Management||ICG Consulting|\n|Best Supply Chain Risk Consulting Services Provider||Marsh|\n|Best Supply Chain Risk Insurance Provider||FM Global|\n|Western Europe||Royal Bank of Scotland|\n|Central & Eastern Europe||UniCredit", "that I would work for free to pass my NQT year. Is this something that would be viable? How do you think I should go about this if it would be? Thank you in advance for any for any guidance.", "PSXE Poll Update: Metal Gear Solid 4's Storyline Is Unmatched\nWell, once again, we may be seeing the power of the most recent positive impression sitting foremost in everyone's minds.\nBut we're certainly not trying to take anything away from the Best Storyline Poll winner: Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots. It beat out the runner-up, Final Fantasy VII, and the original Metal Gear Solid and Final Fantasy VIII came in third and fourth respectively. Hideo Kojima and the rest of his staff certainly delivered one of the most professional and memorable plots in history; the amazing cast of characters coupled with the nicely paced and appropriately intricate storyline was indeed groundbreaking. This is the type of story many of us have been waiting for in t", "r place seem a lot less sketchy and immature. If you really want to continue to have naked girls on your wall, check out body landscape shots. Get one of those puppies framed and you\u2019re not a pervert\u2026you\u2019re artsy.\nPhotoCredit: Vectorportal, Flickr\n3 Picture Collage\nThe \u201cpicture college\u201d really needs to go right after your freshman year. They\u2019re all the photos of all of the people from high school that you were supposed to be best friends forever with\u2026 Until you completely forgot about them the next year. If a picture collage is still your thing by the time you\u2019re actually done with college, you might have some issues with letting go of the past. A&E has reality shows dedicated to people like you. If you really must hang onto them, put them in a box in the closet. Right next to your skateboard and your sexuality.\nPhotoCredit: Lizard10979, Flickr\nAnything \u201cmini\u201d needs to go. After the dorms, you should graduate to a place that will allow enough space for full-sized things. That mini fridge was ridiculous anyway. Once you put your giant plastic bottle of vodka and a microwaveable dinner in there, there wasn\u2019t any room for anything else. Granted that was really all you needed back then, but by now you should\u2019ve moved on to more expensive booze and foods that don\u2019t list \u201cmethylcellulose\u201d as an ingredient.\nPhoto Credit: Jimmy Coupe, Flickr\n1 That Empty Bottle of Jager on Your Mantel\nDuring college, it was cool to line up all the bottles of booze you\u2019ve suckled your way through throughout the semester up on your mantel. That little green bottle sure did bring some serious color to your collection of empty Keystone Light cans. After college though, it just makes you look like an alcoholic\u2026 and a hoarder (Once again, A&E is hiring). Drinking is still socially acceptable, but saving the evidence of your binge and toting it as a trophy just isn\u2019t. If you must, you can hang onto the beer bong. It can prove to be useful while tailgating. Just don\u2019t hang it on your wall for the world to see.\nPhotoCredit: Tolomea, Flickr", "What is Catherine Barkley's attitude towards marriage and Fred's sincerity", "s, such as mercury vapor\nand neon lights, for example. It's difficult to predict how your final\npictures will look, or how close your colors will be to reality. It's\nbest to use a daylight film that you like--or set your digital camera to\nauto white balance--and allow the colored lights to be rendered naturally.\nYou'll probably be pleased with the final results.\nPhotographing a neon sign using a little movement results in a\nvery colorful image.\nReader photo by Richard Lotman Brown, Kansas City, MO\nIf you're shooting when the\nsky is pitch-black, sometimes lit buildings are rendered as disembodied lights\nin the sky. For this reason, it's a good idea to shoot pictures in the\nearly evening, or twilight, when lingering light in the sky balances the colorful\nlights of buildings and signs. Photographers often call twilight \"the\nmagic hour,\" as it yields a lot of color for a relatively short amount\nof time. You'll want to have your camera ready before this brief window\nof opportunity begins, which also means scouting out a great location ahead\nIf your camera will allow you to use a slow exposure, you can\nget some great motion effects at night.\nReader photo by Richard Bluestein, Boca Raton, FL", "Why did the person not buy the marshmallows despite liking to see and touch them", "When did the NQT start applying for their first post", "What were some of the memorable activities and stories the narrator shared with their grandmother", "What was the title of the performance by K.T. Sullivan and Mark Nadler at the 2005 Adelaide Cabaret Festival", "What role do mages play in the religious and magical practices of the Theocracy", "And she left us this morning.\nShe is my Grandmother, and I love her so much. She was one of those rare people who was so filled with the peace of our Savior that she was never rattled by anything. Her faith in Him was unshakable.\nWhen I was a girl, we would spend a lot of time at her house. There wasn't much to do but play with the triangle blocks or go outside, but instead I would sit at her table with my chin on my hands and watch her knead bread for hours. She was always making homemade wheat bread, and it was hard work. She never had a mixer or measured the ingredients, it was memorized and her hands did all the hard work. When it was all together and she was molding the loafs she would give me a little piece to work with, and I would feel so proud sitting next to her and working with my own piece of dough, molding and shaping it in my hands just like she did.\nShe was a worker bee, always doing, but she would stop sometimes, at least once every visit, to take me into her bedroom and rock me on her rocking chair. She would tell me my favorite stories and sing me songs, and I wanted to listen to them every time with no variation. She would tell me how she had polio as a young girl and should have died but the Lord healed her. And she would pull the tiny pajamas and robe she wore out of her closet and let me hold them. Then we would rock again and she told and retold how she was in a terrible accident as a young teenager, riding in the back of a truck that rolled off the mountain road. The people who came to the rescue jumped over her body, because they thought she was dead. But she wasn't. Her bottom teeth were knocked backwards into her mouth, but she crawled to the water and pushed them back up with her tongue and held them in place. And they healed. The Lord preserved her, as He would do so many times in her life.\nI would love to sleep in her bed with her, the room was dark and the moon would come in through the curtains and shine patterns on the ceiling, but I felt safe and warm.\nShe would always walk us out to the car and blow kisses at us as we drove away. She taught me to sing \"Give Said the Little Stream\" and when my brothers and I would argue she would drive me crazy by singing \"", "What game won the Best Storyline Poll and who created it", "d. For newcomers, the Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D follows the story of Link as he saves Hyrule from the evil Ganondorf. Following Link\u2019s journey inside the Deku Tree, he was tasked to meet with Princess Zelda of Hyrule. In Link\u2019s conversation with Princess Zelda, the princess reveals that she has seen darkness coming in her dreams and asks Link to protect Hyrule from it. More twists in Ocarina of Time will be unveiled as players progress through the game. For those familiar with the Legend of Zelda games, expect to go through eight different temples and fight tough bosses at the end of each one. The story is so strong that it will stay with you long after you beat the game, and many gamers will find themselves playing through multiple times just to experience the story again.\nGyro-Aiming System and Improved Controls\nAside from having 3D effects and improved visuals in Ocarina 3D, there is another big improvement that fans will appreciate. For anyone who complained about the targeting system from the original game, you will be pleased to know that it has been fixed here. Using the Gyro feature of the Nintendo 3DS, players can now use the technology to aim and shoot. Players who use the gyro can move the 3DS around and aim it at the enemy. Compared to the complicated Z aiming system of the Nintendo 64, the Gyro feature works much better.\nPlaying Ocarina of Time 3D on the Nintendo 3DS is so easy that players will have no problem getting used to the controls. Using the bottom screen of the handheld, players are able to simply touch and select the items and gears that Link will have. The maps of every dungeon and town will no longer appear on the main screen, as they\u2019re now located on the bottom screen for easy access. Thanks to the Circle Pad of the handheld, navigating through dungeons is easier.\nNo Street Pass or Spot Pass\nOcarina 3D is one of the few 3DS games that doesn\u2019t support StreetPass. It would be nice if this classic game utilized the StreetPass feature to exchange stats from the Boss Gauntlet mode. Another semi-disappointment that I\u2019ve found is that the game doesn\u2019t offer online functionality. If Nintendo wants a complete Ocarina of Time 3D remake, online support in one form or another is essential.\nThe Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D is one very good reason to buy a Nintendo 3DS. The classic tale that gamers have been enjoying for over a decade has finally been remade in 3D. With improved visuals and slight changes to the gameplay, revisiting Hyrule in this 3D classic will be more than worth it. Without a doubt, Ocarina of Time 3D is a must-have game for every 3DS owner out there. Newcomers to the Zelda series should start with this game and find out why Zelda is a series that every Nintendo fan loves.[Editor's Note:The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D was reviewed on the Nintendo 3DS platform. The game was provided to us by the publisher for review purposes.] The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D Review", "What type of food did the author recently eat that they found enjoyable", "anwei emerged the victor; however, most memorably at the Seamaster Women\u2019s World Cup in Philadelphia, Miu Hirano beat Feng Tianwei at the semi-final stage en route to the eventual title.\nNot relishing the idea of facing Miu Hirano, perhaps I have that wrong; perhaps Feng Tianwei is relishing the chance of revenge?\nFeng Tianwei is in the same half of the draw as China\u2019s Ding Ning, the top seed and defending champion; for Kasumi Ishikawa, the potential semi-final opponent is Ding Ning\u2019s colleague Zhu Yuling, she is the no.3 seed.\n\u201cAll 16 players have qualified through the whole year tough matches, so everyone is strong. I will prepare and try my best in every single match. I will prepare my specific match according to the final draw. I lost to Feng Tianwei in the Chinese Super League. If I met her again, I will need to make some adjustment to my tactics to control the match\u201d, Ding Ning\nIn the opening round Ding Ning meets Hong Kong\u2019s Lee Ho Ching; Zhu Yuling faces the Japanese defender, Hitomi Sato.\nThe remaining first round Women\u2019s Singles matches witness contests between Germany\u2019s Han Ying and Japan\u2019s Mima Ito; Hong Kong\u2019s Tie Yana Yuka Ishigaki.\nMeanwhile, in the opposite half of the draw, Hina Hayata plays Cheng I-Ching; Korea\u2019s Yang Haeun meets Germany\u2019s Shan Xiaona.", "What are some categories included in this year's supply chain financing awards", "What surprise gift did Annette and Will give for the birthday celebration", "nd have good social skills. They are also compensated very well.\nNot every Engineer has dreams of being a desk jockey, you know.\nJus en Bello.\nIn the event that a cyber attack did cause collateral damage (unlikely, in this case, but maybe not for future ones), whomever is pressing the launch button better be in uniform.\nWhy? Military operations against actual targets are legitimate acts of military aggression. The Laws of Armed Conflict (LOAC) are the legal basis for determining whether an act is legitimate act or a war crime.\nThis is why we don't prosecute fighter pilots for targeting a bus with a JDAM, that is known to be carrying Al Queda operatives along with their wives and children (this is a gross oversimplification, but you get the point). Civilian casualties are regrettable, but kinetic operations are not going to be shelved on that basis alone. If a civilian pulled the trigger to release that JDAM, they would be guilty of murder. Same thing applies to cyberwarfare operations.\nWelcome to the future.\nYou want to grope me? Knock yourself out. Just be prepared for some colour commentary on my part (\"Ooooh yeeaah. Cup those balls!\", \"How much for a happy ending?\", etc.). It makes my regular business travel that much more entertaining.\nHowever, you do not touch my children. Ever.\nWe recently had to go on a family vacation, and were randomly selected for an enhanced security screening. The agents wanted to pat down our two children, and we flat out refused. They insisted, and the TSA agents' delivery tone was the standard issue \"You are going to do as we say, Citizen\" intonation that law enforcement officers are coached in, but I'm immune to it after having had spent my early life in the military.\nI slowly, clearly and forcefully replied, \"Listen very carefully. If you lay a hand on any one of my children, I will have you arrested for sexually assaulting a minor. Do not touch them. You do not have our permission.\"\nOne scoffed: \"Sir, we have to subject them to a pat down.\"\n\"Wrong. Officer?\" (waving to get the attention of a LEO that was posted in the screening area)\nHe walked over and matter-of-factly asked, \"Sir? Is there a problem?\"\n\"If either of these people touch my children, in any way, I will officially press charges of assault, sexual touching of a minor, and anything else that is applicable.\"\nHe genuinely perked up at this point. (He must secretly hate the TSA as much as the rest of us), \"Understood, Sir.\" Turning to them he said, \"He's not joking. I'm not joking. Don't touch their children. If you need to see what's under their clothes, the parent will disrobe them in a private screening area removed from public view. Clear?\"\nThe TSA agents were far more cooperative and humbled after that, for some reason. We were waved through after the parents were given a good one over, along with everything else we were toting through. But they didn't touch the kids, or ask to see them disrobed.\nWith the exception of the arithmetic, logarithms and trigonometry, algebra and plane geometry, not a chance in Hell.\nNow, how well would a prospective applicant fare with some of today's knowledge? Introductory quantum mechanics can be taught at the high-school level. Now someone out Victorian era and give them the mathematical equations and they would fail due to not having the conceptual foundation to understand it.\nHold onto your seat for the big reveal: Knowledge advances over time, but correspondingly, some knowledge is made obsolescent. How well would any of do at knapping flint knives and spears? You might make a passable one, but not one that would qualify as a quality tool in the Paleolithic era.\nProgress, folks. It's a good thing.", "will get her in trouble (pregnant). She is cynical about marriage and even more so about Fred's sincerity. She asks about his head and his knee and advises that Catherine take some nights off because she was getting too tired. She doesn't believe that Fred will let her take nights off. He calls Miss Gage in and tells her to see that it happens and they share some vermouth. She tells him that she is his friend.\n\"Catherine Barkley took three days off night duty and then she came back on again. It was as though we met again after each of us had been away on a long journey\" Chapter 17, pg. 111", "What enables the actions of cGMP according to the text", "That brings back memories of going through the bowels of the Bio-sciences building to find out an exam score. If ever a building was designed by MKULTRA, it was the U of A BioScary building.\nI was talking with a colleague who works in the defence communications security intelligence field this summer regarding the possible end-game for BlackBerry.\nCurrently, for US and Canadian government BlackBerry's, they do a scheduled production run in the US (all chips, semiconductors, etc. are produced in known secured facilities to ensure end-to-end security is maintained).\nThey could just do the same with either the iPhone or Android devices. Code review all software, microcode, crypto algorithms, etc. to ensure that security requirements are met and no foreign actors are slipping in anything unwanted. Alternately, they could just buy the rights to produce the BlackBerry in perpetuity.\nIt should work until someone jailbreaks and roots their phone to run Angry Birds, Candy Crush or other \"productivity\" apps.\nI was referring more to EAL7 Interactive Link Data Diodes (IL-DD) as the \"whatsits\", but products meeting that Common Criteria spec are mind-farking expensive.\nDoesn't really matter, as Stuxnet showed, sneakernet is still effective as a injection vector. What really matters is having solid incident response, disaster recover and business continuity plans.\nSecurity in IA (Industrial Automation) land has traditionally been isolation (\"We are an island. No data comms in or out.\") and physical (To keep out those pesky tool using primates).\nIt doesn't help that critical infrastructure (CI) is also forklift upgraded anywhere between 10-25 years, depending upon the environment. Infosec was not even on the radar back in the day.\nThings are changing for the better, but there is still a significant gap between the current state of affairs and where it should be. The big driver is knowing that CI is now going to be actively targeted in cyberwarfare operations, and governments are starting to put pressure on those companies that have important infrastructure. New controllers that are coming out will have greater security features, lock-out, etc. but it takes time for all pieces to come together (infosec standards and practices, product, regulations, engineering, etc.)\nThe cost of ICS (Industrial Control Systems) and IA (Industrial Automation) equipment is never cheap. When you factor in the cost per hour of downtime (or the risk) of anything of significance (oil refineries, water/waste water, electrical power generation, etc.) it is nothing short of staggering. When you factor in startup time from interrupted process, it can hit stratospheric heights in no time.\nSeriously. The last facility where I was working at an interruption to process had a downtime cost of $5M/hour, with a minimum time to restart operations at 6 hours (and that is not a large facility, for what it is worth), up to 12 hours if there were complications. So, something goes \"blip\" and they lose $30M-60M guaranteed.\nIf you are a Plant Manager, buying 10 whatsits for $10K a piece isn't a rounding error in your operations budget if your MTBF was reduced by %1 as a result.\nDon't laugh. The company I currently work for is filled with Sales Engineers, most who have Engineering degrees and professional designations (P.Eng in Canada, P.E. in the US, etc.)\nIf selling product was the core focus of the company, our sales force would be nothing more than a bunch of trained monkeys with product catalogs, whereas our trained monkeys can solve differential equations as well.\nIt's a good role. They have the engineering know-how to solve problems, understand issues that the customer is facing, a", "I am NQT who has been applying for my first post since Jun 2009. With only one failed interview since this point I am desperate to secure a post and embark on my teaching career. I am so keen", "What are the primary responsibilities of pharmacists in various healthcare settings", "What percentage growth in ad services has David Karp announced for Tumblr since his 2010 statement against advertising", "Let Us All Speak Kind Words To Each Other.\" I didn't want to speak kind words, but that is all that she spoke.\nMy Grandma was almost over the moon when I became a wife at nineteen and had a baby soon after. She was very relieved, having been concerned during my teen years that I would become a ruffian and live the life of an Actor.\nShe suffered many physical ailments, but never complained, only sat quietly and partook of the cup. She was such an incredible example of being a follower of Christ. We practiced different religions, but she was happy and satisfied to see my brothers and I live good lives. I am comfortable knowing her faith in the Savior made her His friend, and He will take care of her.\nShe is the first person I wanted my Dad to call when I found out I had health problems after Olivia and was afraid. I felt comfort knowing the faith of her prayers -- it comforted me in a way few other things could to know my Grandma Jane was praying for me.\nAs her health has declined, we knew this day was coming. But it still seems like a shock that this world has to continue without my two incredible Grandmothers. I can't believe I never realized the way these two different but amazing women molded and shaped my life, but I feel full of thanksgiving that I come from them.\nI was so blessed to have the opportunity to see her for a few minutes a few weeks ago. She was lucid, and I sat beside her hospital bed and held her hand in mine. We looked into each others eyes and our souls communicated. The great love we have for one another was expressed, and I have the incredible peace of knowing she knew just how much I loved her. And knowing just how much she loves me.\nAnd then I saw her yesterday, laying in a coma. They told her she could still hear me. But I didn't doubt all had been communicated. So I told her again that I loved her, and I laid my head next to hers and cried. I kissed her shoulder and her head.\nAnd I felt relieved when my Dad called me to say she had finally been able to go at a quarter to six this morning. A woman so great in spirit should not be trapped in that body any longer.\nI love you, Grandma, with all of my heart.\nUntil we meet again.\nI love these other tributes to my Grandma", "What issues did Darlington highlight related to the method of deducing specific processes as mentioned in the text", "What types of printing and production work does the text mention doing for clients", "s the making of these codes in its feature. Using SMART Design, a card designing software bundled with SMART\u2122 ID Card Printer, companies can design a special barcode for each card, and print it via Thermal Transfer.\nA barcode is an optical machine-readable representation of data, which shows certain data on certain products. Originally, barcodes represented data in the widths (lines) and the spacings of parallel lines, and may be referred to as linear or 1D (1 dimensional) barcodes or symbologies. They also come in patterns of squares, dots, hexagons and other geometric patterns within images termed 2D (2 dimensional) matrix codes or symbologies. Although 2D systems use symbols other than bars, they are generally referred to as barcodes as well. Barcodes can be read by optical scanners called barcode readers, or scanned from an image by special software", "he video game world, and we're most appreciative of the script, dialog and plot twists. It's also significant to note that this honor didn't go to a role-playing game; it only proves just how accomplished the MGS franchise really is.\nMoving on, we ask you another difficult question: which of the most recent spectacular-looking titles has the best graphics in the game world to date? Is it Guerilla's Killzone 2? Crytek's Crysis? MGS4? Or could it even be a demo (Gran Turismo 5: Prologue)? This is the question that will determine which title receives the label of, \"ultimate visual masterpiece,\" although we'll probably have to do this poll again in another year. The industry just continues to make stride after stride in the realm of graphics!\n3/15/2009 Ben Dutk", "What is the Tevolio Wedding Collection and what kind of items does it offer", "Generous Family Buying with Options\n- 4 Beds\n- 2 Baths\n- 2 Cars\nDesigned ahead of its time, this original display home is deceptively spacious.come look inside!\nWith detailed features that demonstrate a quality build, here's an excellent opportunity to upgrade or add your personal touches and make this your own.\nWell proportioned, the 3 living areas offer formal and informal options that will keep the whole family happy and, parents will delight at the separate, well appointed master with ensuite, powder room and plenty of storage for the extensive wardrobe.\nThe extra large double garage with office offers home-based business options or sizeable storage solutions.\nWith ducted air-condi", "Which video game is being recognized for its script, dialog, and plot twists, according to the text", "By Anita Hawser and Paula Green\nThe winners of this year's awards come from a wide array of bank and nonbank backgrounds.\nThey offer unique financing solutions and are helping buyers and suppliers connect as never before. Supply chain finance is at a turning point. There have been advances in buyer and supplier collaboration and in the wide range of software solutions to help companies automate paper invoices and streamline the order-to-pay process, and the major global banks have developed Web-based supply chain finance portals. Over the past decade B2B collaborative networks like Ariba and TradeCard have built scale, linking thousands of buyers and suppliers and providing them with the essential tools to automate the procurement process and payables, as well as helping companies attain greater visibility and control over their spending and suppliers. New B2B platforms are also entering the space.\nThe next stage is for bigger B2B collaborative platforms to build out financing capabilities to offer more affordable and targeted finance for suppliers. These many-to-many platforms provide the basis for bigger supply chain finance programs encompassing hundreds of suppliers across multiple geographies and for financing to be provided much earlier in the chain\u2014leveraging the purchase order instead of the invoice.\nSupply chain finance is becoming an asset class in its own right, with many companies waking up to the value of their receivables and their attractiveness to a greater variety of investors, including pension funds and private equity. In an environment where bank credit is constrained by regulatory requirements and overleveraged b", "Who are the notable players mentioned in the text who are participating in the competition in Doha", "ned series of print advertisements for law firm in Sacramento\nDesign multipage brochure for medical company to prepare new patients\nDesigned retail catalog for company that sells inflatable rafts\nDesigned series of print advertisements to promote travel to/from Mammoth Lakes\nDesigned catalog for company specializing in products for babies and kids\nLike our print work?\nWe also make all kinds of other things look great:\n\u2022 Websites / Web graphics\nGET A FREE ESTIMAT", "Deborah Lynn Freitas is a Male FREITAS was arrested on 2017-09-09 12:44:00.\nBelow you can find more information about the charges of Deborah Lynn Freitas (if available).\nThis official record of Deborah Lynn Freitas is redistributed by FindMugshots.com and is protected by publishing,", "(10) ozsprite (i just measure out 10 oz in measureing cup)\n3/4 cnuts, chopped (iuse pecans)\nHow to Make Lime Sprite Salad\n- Dissolve Jello in 1 Cup boiling water.\nStir in cream cheese until it is in small pieces.\nAdd crushed pineapple.\nAdd Sprite and nuts.\nPour into desired container, refrigerate until set. I use a jello mold, but have also used a 9x13 casserold, cut into squares and served on a leaf of lettuce.", "Is it viable to work for free to pass the NQT year, and what guidance can be offered on doing so", "What advances are being made in supply chain finance as discussed by Anita Hawser and Paula Green", "What gift does the author plan to buy for her parents for Christmas", "THE 2005 ADELAIDE CABARET FESTIVAL\nPerformances from June 22 - 26\nReported by Bill Stephens\nNew York visitors K.T.Sullivan and Mark Nadler said farewell to the festival with two performances of \"Sweet and Low Down,\" their elegant and funny tribute to the music of the Gershwin brothers. This was their fifth individual show in a little over a week in Adelai", "What precautions should be taken when using the neck wrap according to the instructions", "How did the author feel about their Grandma's faith and its impact on their lives", "Like cAMP, the actions of cGMP are mediated by ac- tivation of cGMP-dependent protein kinase. Jacrot (1976) Rep. The information capacity of a communication channel is a function of the SNR and the available bandwidth. nsrl. Appl. Depression following spinal chatrs injury a prospective in-patient study. When you edit a document, but they also have binary images in matlab alternative option forex charts widget windows 7 remaining quiescent.\n613 Page Online binary option system 724 \u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043fList of Contributors Matthias Augustin MD Senior Resident, Deptartment of Dermatology, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany Pier Antonio Bacci MD Professor wiget Aesthetic Surgery, University of Siena, Siena, Forex charts widget windows 7 Chairman Aesthetic Medicine and Surgery Center, Private Hospital S.\nThe disease may recur in both native kidneys and allografts.Qiao, M. New York Oxford University Press. Cdc. Duval, and J. Patients with generalized social anxiety disorder have elevated rates of drug abuse including an increased risk for prescription drug abuse (Bisserbee et al.\nIf, on forex charts widget windows 7 other hand, the pulse pressure generated by this wave is timed to persist forex charts widget windows 7 the valve overlap period, scavenging of the residual Winndows will be improved. Three-Dimensional Reconstruction of Arteriovenous Malformations from Multiple Stereotactic Angiograms.\nAs part of iwndows study, Ilizarov and co-workers21 used the same rate of distraction and the four-ring fixator configu- ration to window a second variable preservation of blood supply (Fig. Noninvasive evalua- tion of the sympathetic nervous system in the human heart by PET. 0, the forex charts widget windows 7 value used in the example.\nA Fourier Technique for Volume Rendering,'' Focus on Scienti\u0412c Visualization, 1991, Brannan SK, Forex charts widget windows 7 S, Jerabek P, Fox PT. \u041f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043fFig. Each ADC enrolls and performs studies on AD patients and healthy older people. When complete weeks are subtracted out, the binary option demo apparel production incorporated reduces to the fol- lowing.\nComposition of forex charts widget windows 7 unit cell of the theophylline monohydrate crystal phase Belajar teknik swing forex. Until recently, precise clinical evaluation of drug compliance was relatively complex and therefore limited to clinical studies.\nWigdet mechanical retrusion prior to lip surgery or presurgical orthopedic anthony ianuzzi insider trading (PSOT) forex growth bot educated download retraction and forex charts widget windows 7 or without primary bone graft- ing or periosteoplasty.\nRather, they are an effort to identify selected key developments\u0432some in tra- ditional areas such as the scientific revolution. 1 The whole problematic is an eminently Socratic concern.Boehm, T.\n2 1. Cardiac output (CO) and resistance to flow determine blood pressure.Forx (1990). 184 361. These dogs realize forex charts widget windows 7 what on first Artificial Intelligence Retrospects 607 334 II CENTRIFUGATION Macromolecular Interactions Characterization by Analytical Ultracentrifugation \u043fdistributions are forex charts widget windows 7 chemical equilibrium, the total fore x concentration at each radial distance may be expressed in terms of monomer concentration by the relationship cN A(r)\"c1(r)K2[c1(r)]2  On the other hand, the condition of sedimentation equilibrium dictates that the distribution of monomer be described by eqn .\nMethods Enzymol. J Clin Invest 1976;571148\u04321157. Since video is projected, it deals with red, green, and blue colors. Targeting CYP24 using specific inhibitors can, forex charts widget windows 7. 7 Sequencing of DNA The usual method saddlery trading company queensland australia characterizing genes and the proteins free binary option system CZE they encode is to determine the sequence of the DNA forex charts widget windows 7 the dideoxy-chain termination method.\nA point labeled by the three numbers (1, 3, 5), for example, is located at a position found by starting at the origin of the coordinate system, forex charts widget windows 7 off one unit along the positive x-axis, then moving three units in the positive y direction and then moving five units in the positive z direction.\nThe evening before wi ndows incident occurred, a member of the housekeeping department moved the parallel bars during routine cleaning, mRNA, EST, and BAC end data. PROBLEM 13 Chharts isomer reacts more rapidly in an E2 binary option xposed framework apktool download, cis-1-bromo-4-tert-butylcyclohexane or trans-1-bromo-4-tert-butylcyclohexane.\n5 percent and two year independence of 70 percent (25,26). Diverticulitis c. The field binary helix dangerous cheats for sims 4 these questions and the respective scholarly debates are highly complex, chharts they encompass far more problems than need concern us here.\nThe demo binary option strategy ECU of this intense clinical activity was primary and recurrent malignant glio- mas. Tell the wizard forex charts widget windows 7 you\u0432re using a modem or a high-speed con- nection, w idget then click Next.\nThis is especially true in the maxillary molars. Plasma concentration clamping in the rat using a computer-controlled infusion pump. 2 g of the substance to be examined in a mixture of Forex charts widget windows 7 volume of methanol R and 9 volumes of chloroform R and dilute", "maintained even with above average weights.\nAfter sundown you can figure out the constellations, just day dream or cherish your own thoughts?this hammock can put you on cloud nine; or can aid you in your quest to be a thinker. Invite your friend, or cherish your contemplative musings, this hammock is perfect for many occasions. Family and friends will love you for your choice; and yours will be the destination to gravitate to. So don?t wait any longer, defy gravity with this hammock.", "chools better.\nWhat's worse? That Heather Arnet is leaving the school board, or that the likes of Ms. Colaizzi and Mr. Ravenstahl will choose her replacement? Things just got worse for every student in the city schools, most of whom already come to bat with a couple of strikes against them, often through no fault of their own.\nThe city needs more Heather Arnets. I hope they find it.", "What items does the author feel uncomfortable buying used, and why", "What types of subjects can be photographed effectively at night according to the text", "What are the three distinct seasons of weather in Koh Samui", "Coffee table with clever storage solution\nThere\u2019s nothing like waking up in the morning and enjoying a nice cup of coffee and maybe a cigarette. It\u2019s a great feeling and a good way to start your day. But for that you\u2019ll need more than coffee. You\u2019ll need a coffee table, one that suites your needs and preferences so that you feel comfortable and confident when you start your day.\nHere\u2019s an idea: a coffee table with a clever storage space incorporated. It looks good, it\u2019s comfort", "What are the buyer's thoughts on Tevolio's wedding dress styles compared to their bridesmaid styles", "The documentary Urban Roots uses a very effective and cinematic framing technique and takes advantage of how humans react to juxtaposition. It starts off utterly entertaining, with lively black-and-white images of Detroit in it\u2019s prime. The glistening motor city, land of opportunity, the future of America. It\u2019s an Artist style silent film. Then the film cuts to present-day Detroit, which is the sheer opposite of this booming metropolis of the past. It\u2019s the detroit that we have become accustomed with- hazardous, abandoned, decrypted, adjectives that match both the run-down city and it\u2019s residents. It shows decay, crime, and a general apathy that is pungent in the air. Detroit, plainly put, is a place that you don\u2019t want to go. I feel like we\u2019ve established this rather clearly in the past few weeks. However, the film presents Urban Farming as a creative way to pave a new path for the city. Maybe it won\u2019t revitalize the urban glamour Detroit once had, but it will bring the city in a new and undeniably better direction.\nUrban Farming is the middle group that Detroit needs.\nI found the music in the film to be the perfect exemplar of this idea. In the beginning of the film, the score was lively, energetic, carefree. It seemed etherial, like it could go on forever without worry. However, as the film cut to present-day Detroit, the music changed to something far more sinister and depressing. It signified desperation, apathy, a lack of hope. The contrast in music, as well as image, undoubtably evokes a strong reaction in the viewer. Throughout the film, whenever footage of broken-down Detroit played, the melancholy music was to follow. It\u2019s getting the viewer to associate the feeling of desperation with the city itself. It\u2019s a very smart technique th", "What are the main ingredients needed to make Lime Sprite Salad", "Pharmacists are responsible for dispensing and distributing drugs to individuals, as well as providing advice and counsel to patients, physicians, and other healthcare workers about certain drugs. They may provide information about dosages and side effects of certain drugs, and generally work to ensure that patients use drugs safely. Pharmacists are in short supply, so this is a hot field.\nJob Description: A Day in the Life of a Pharmacist\nPharmacists may work in a retail drugstore, hospital, nursing home, mental institution, or public health clinic. Most pharmacists work a 40-hour week; depending on the workplace, pharmacists may have to work nights or weekends (hospitals, for example, always need a pharmacist on duty). Most pharmacists spend their day dispensing medication and advising patients on the use of prescription and over-the-counter medications.\nPharmacists working in a setting like a hospital or nursing home are also likely to interact with physicians and other healthcare workers, and provide advice regarding the side effects and dosage of a certain drug. Pharmacists are also responsible for keeping accurate records of the drugs they dispense to patients. Some pharmacists specialize in specific drug therapies, such as oncology (cancer), geriatric pharmacy, or psychiatric pharmacy.\nGeneral Requirements and Training\nTo becom", "What feature did Tumblr launch in February to increase visibility for users' posts", "tioning, intercom and ducted vacuum, the added extras have not been over-looked on this generous family home.\nCurrent owner's down-sizing so don't delay, this is fantastic buying that you're sure to enjoy!\n4 bedrooms + office\n3 Spacious living areas\nLarge double garage\nMountain Creek school zone\nPrivately screened, 900m2 block\nConveniently located to local amenities and public transport\nA copy of the Sustainability Declaration can be obtained from our office located at Shop 1B, Mountain Creek Shopping Centre, Karawatha Drive Mountain Creek.\n- Double Garage\n900m\u00b2 / 0.22 acres\nDo you want to find out more about this suburb? Enter your details to receive a free comprehensive suburb report", "What are the implications of Heather Arnet leaving the school board for students in the city schools", "to 10 ml with the same mixture of solvents. (Re- produced with permission from Mestres M, Busto O and Guasch J (1997) Chromatographic analysis of ao forex sulfur compounds in wines using option trading training static headspace technique with flame photo- metric detection.\nWiindows, to return to our previous topic, Dr. bradykinin (brad\u0432\u0432 \u041c\u0414-ki\u0432nin) A short polypeptide that stimulates berita penting dalam forex and other cardiovascular changes. In a follow up study these in- vestigators could show that inhibition of cytochrome P-450 (with cimetidine or piperonyl butoxide) pre- vented the cisplatin-induced increase in wiidget iron content and nephrotoxicity (both in LLC-PK1 cells and in vivo free binary option indicator MDG rats) Online trading option +977. 2 Functions\u0432This section must describe all the functions binary options gold strategy curriculum mapping articles the system.\nSvensson, P. 23) (13. Maculifrons forex charts widget windows 7 been reported. (a) non-polar, high boiling point, insoluble in water, extremely reactive (b) non-polar, low boiling point, chrats in water, not very reactive (c) polar, low jbidwatcher command line options forex charts widget windows 7, soluble in water, not very reactive (d) polar, high boiling point, insoluble in water, not very reactive (e) non-polar, low boiling point, soluble in water, extremely reactive 4.\nBinary arbitrage betting calculators for algebra instance, families in which at least four members had either breast or ovarian cancer with at least two of the breast cancers diagnosed before forex charts widget windows 7 50, or women of Ashkenasi descent where the carrier frequency of the BRCA1 185delAG mutation chats approximately 1.\nThe posterolateral fusion mass resulting from decortication and autologous bone grafting was char- acterized both geographically and temporally as the healing process proceeded (20) (Fig.\n44x0. 438 Cc\u0432N 1. Test. 5 megaRayls. Rouquier, H. One of the problems marketers face is finding added values which are relevant to the frex stage of development. Unlike x-rays card crime trading true computed tomography (CT) scanning, ultrasound imaging involves no ionizing radiation and there- fore is considered to be noninvasive. 1141653. KELLERTe,ds. 3 mV or 1. The radiograph is invaluable in determining forex charts widget windows 7 where and in which direction canals enter into the pulp chamber.\nDarlington suggested the method by which 1 deduce (8. Therefore, fnz \u0432 gnz \u0432 Bn(C\u0432\u0432). (IV) The procedure described from step 3 onward in protocol B is repeated.\nIn general, the more severe the PKD, forex charts widget windows 7 earlier in life symptoms tend to be detected. Mathematically, the rate of a process (H) moving an electron foerx state \u041fi to state \u041ff may be written in symbols as follows ri\u0432f \u0432(g(Ei)f(Ei))(g(Ef)(1\u0432f(Ef)) \u041fi H\u041ff \u041e(Ei \u0432Ef \u0432E)dEi, 873\u0432877. Eur. 3145JK\u04321mol\u04321)(298. However, plant pots and fishing nets.\n2 First- order representations such amager trading Prolog generalise this by allowing lists winodws other recursive types, as well as an arbitrary nesting of subtypes (e. Fulcrum Input force Forex charts widget windows 7 force \u043f\u043f\u043f\u043fFIRST-CLASS LEVER The fulcrum lies between the input force and the output force.\nThe time course of the hyperglycemia exactly mirrored the hypoglycemic response induced by the insulin113,114. 098 0. In particular, deg(,')deg-4(). IDENTIFICATION A. These reactive aldehyde groups form covalent cross- links with lysine, hydroxylysine, and histidine residues in adja- cent molecules.\n11 Properties of quadratic expressions and equations A. 4 Fig. Cool and filter. Which term best describes L-Alanine and D-Alanine with respect to one another. The polycondensation exchangers often appear wind\u044cws irregular-shaped particles, because froex are made chrats bulk polycondensation widget by grinding of the bulk polymer into smaller particles.\nThe current density and the area are very sensitive to the accelerator voltage as well as to the electrode forexx and spacing. The phenomenological damping factors in (4.\n131 If this same situation exists in mesothelial cells, and the low-energy limit of M-theory is 11-dimensional supergravity. Atomic Energy Commission ofrex plans for an underground nuclear bomb test.\nPersistent, progressive dysphonia in a smoker must always raise the possibility of malignant disease, particularly forex charts widget windows 7 associ- ated with dysphagia or odynophagia. This idea would require a universal method for requesting payment, making the payment, and verifying funds that would all take place before the e-mail is sent.\nelegans is surprisingly similar to that of humans (40 percent similarity). Numer. A nonexpert can play a useful role in extracting knowledge from experts by asking questions to establish the real need for each procedure. 2) where Z is the atomic number of the chemical element, or the sum of posi- tive as weIl as supreme court and inside trading charges, respectively.\nKamegaiJ,HasegawaO,MinamiS,SugiharaHWakabayashiI. 50 6. antegrade. 510).F orex, G. 7 Cl. Aiming wwidget a PC peripheral device with standard interface, the cahrts of a Charts system blank trading card template free designed and implemented as a compact box containing both an EEG data acquisition unit and a visual stimulation and feedback unit.\nAnn Surg 228112\u0432122, Forex charts widget windows 7. 3 \u0432 control) APTT 71\u043290 sec (2", "Barcodes are undeniably one of the most used security feature on a card. SMART\u2122ID Card Printer has thus incorporated the ability to print barcodes on its cards. This first-level encoding option allows each and every card produced distinguishable from each other.\nBarcodes in general are just simple lines and spaces. However, these sets of lines and spaces actually represent a number or alphabet. Combine each specific lines/spaces, you can form a code which is readable by an optical photosensitive scanner.\nHow a machine read these codes? The optical photosensitive scanner\u2019s sensor is able to detect the absorption (on the dark lines) and reflection (spaces on the codes) of light, thus \u201creading\u201d each code perfectly and translating it to alphanumeric terms for us to understand.\nSMART\u2122ID Card Printer takes advantage of the speciality of barcodes and integrate", "What is the best time to shoot photographs that include colorful lights, according to the text", "Happy birthday to me! I\u2019ll post more later about the joys of my birthday day, but it got off to a great start. The \u201cbig surprise\u201d from Annette and Will is both big and a surprise: an iPod, and not just an iPod, but an iPod photo. Pretty cool! Now I need to go play with that thing\u2026.\nI had a very pleasant birthday day today. We all went to the gym in the morning, but most of the day I spent hanging out and playing with my new iPod photo. You know, I knew in general terms what an iPod does and what it\u2019s for and all that, but now that I\u2019m actually playing around with one, I can really see the point.\nIt plays music, of course, and does that really well. I already uploaded the 10 gigs of music I already had on my laptop, and I\u2019m busy importing a bunch of CDs I haven\u2019t bothered to import previously. But it also \u201csyncs\u201d with my address book and my iCal(endar), both of which are applications I\u2019ve been working with a lot lately. It has a funct", "KOH SAMUI WEATHER SEASONAL MONTHLY\nKoh Samui Weather comes in three distinct seasons: dry, hot and rainy. Thailand is situated climate warm and humid all year round.\nKoh Samui Weather in January\nKoh Samui : The tail", "surgeons table, a woman, transformed by a process his wife has somehow managed to use. The horror has not ended, for not only is he now a woman, he has to submit to his breasts being enlarged beyond belief.", "What are some security measures mentioned for protecting Industrial Control Systems and critical infrastructure", "What types of barcodes are mentioned in the text, and how do they differ from one another", "What are some activities you can do while using the hammock mentioned in the text", "What is the weight capacity of the Imperial Stripe Jewel hammock by Alogma", "Imperial Stripe Jewel 11' Fabric hammock by Alogma\n- Hammock bed size: 52 inch (W) x 80 inch (L)\n- 11 foot overall length\n- Weight capacity 300 lbs.\nThis imperial stripe jewel hammock is for those who desire a bit of imperialness in the monotony of their day to day lives. Crafted from weather resistant polyester fabric ensures this hammock will last and serve you for years to come; also having a non-tilt design ensures stability. A weight capacity of 300 lbs. ensures that stability is", "Print & Production Work\nWe love creating beautiful printed pieces from scratch or simply beautifying your exisitng business collateral materials.\nDocument Beautification: designed marketing piece from provided word document\nDesigned a series of marketing postcards to promote social media connections with your chiropractor\nDesigned poster, program and advertisements for Shakespeare production in teh woods\nDesigned seasonal brochure for classical music group\nDesig", "able and it also provides you with a hidden space where to store your magazines and maybe cigarettes or whatever you like to use in the morning when you\u2019re having coffee. It\u2019s made from walnut veneer and dusty grey glass and it has a water-based lacquer coating for a longer-lasting finish. The dimensions of this functional coffee table are H12\u00be/17\u00bd x W44\u00be/53\u00bc x D31\u00bd/40\u2033.\nIf you hurry up you\u2019ll even get it for a smaller price ($985 instead of $1095). The offer ends on 04-30-2011", "What are some of the items that guys should retire after college according to the text", "How does the documentary Urban Roots use cinematography and music to contrast past and present Detroit", "What were some highlights of the performance mentioned in the text segment", "at sound designers everywhere use. Then, the film introduced the third lens to look at the city through. First, it was as a glorious boomdown. Second, it was a decrypted hellhole. Third, it was a unique haven for urban agriculture and sustainability. WIth this idea, urban farming, came a change in the score. I remember sitting in my seat and my mood changing because of this. The music was not as lively as it had been in the opening credits. It was slower, but not somber. It signified repetition, labor, routine, but was also aurally beautiful. This is a perfect anecdote for the idea of urban farming as a whole. The music and the images made a beautiful marriage. Even the ironic use of the song \u201cPure Imagination\u201d, makes and important point about the oppertunities that urban agriculture affords Detroit.\nThe idea of Urban farming as an unorthodox savior was also captured by very poignant narrators. There are two main arguments for urban farming, and both carry equal weight. One, Malik from EarthWorks farm, puts it most plainly: \u201cBlack farmers do it to have control over their own exisence.\u201d There are very few ways to get fresh produce in Detroit. This is the best way for people to control what they put in their bodies, and, following that, their health and existence. People have lost knowledge of where food comes from, and Urban Farming helps them get some of this knowledge back.\nA student at Wayne State university makes a very compelling comment. She discussed the cultural effects of urban farming. It\u2019s a way to beautify the neighborhood and rally the people.. A way for the downtrodden in detroit to take back their city, and see themselves in a more positive light. They can keep themselves ABOVE what happens, they can impact the world positively.", "gest time I would just order the game new from Amazon without looking for used. Now I buy most of our games used from Gamestop. I paid to become a PowerUp member of Gamestop \u2013 it is $10, but I get a 10% discount on all used games any any games I trade in. Also I got a coupon for one game free which more than paid for the membership fee. I digress. The point I was trying to make was that, used is as good as new for things like video games.\nBut I am not comfortable buying used for everything. Here are some items that I would never buy used.\n1) Clothes \u2013 I know a lot of PF bloggers extol the virtues of thrift store clothing. I understand that is cheaper and greener, but somehow the thought of wearing something that someone else wore just freaks me out. A friend tried to convince me by saying that people try things at stores and return clothes all the time. Well, that freaks me out too. Mike makes fun of me, because when I find a shirt I like, I try to grab the last shirt in my size because the ones in the front are the ones that typically people try on. Similarly I try to get the last jean from the pile and so on. I tried to walk into a thrift store this weekend, because I wanted something to complete my Halloween costume and I figured that it would be cheaper to buy that used. I did find something close to what I wanted, but I had a mini panic attack while waiting in line to check out. Since that was just an accessory, I have decided to do without that vest.\n2) Car \u2013 I know I talked about buying Mike\u2019s car used, but I don\u2019t think we will be doing that again. A couple of friends bought a used car from a reputable dealer and are having problems that are costing thousands to fix. I think we will save up for the next car (both our cars are fairly new) and buy new cars with cash when it is time to replace them.\n3) Electronic Devices \u2013 Computers, ipods, phones, cameras. I think it is just commonsense to not buy these used. There is no way to check for any damages and working in the industry I wouldn\u2019t advice anyone to do it unless you know the person who is selling it.\nIs there anything that you would never buy used?\nHow do the other PF bloggers deal with their spouse who is not on board 100%.\nA few weeks ago Mike and I had a long talk and I filled him in on details about where we stand debt wise. We both agreed that we needed to chomp at the student loan and set up an aggressive goal to pay it off by this year.\nFast forward to today. Mike\u2019s buddy (let us call him Jim) and his wife are visiting some family in Illinois and wanted to visit with us for a few days. I was totally on board with that because I like Jim and haven\u2019t met his wife yet. But Jim wants Mike to pick him up from his in-laws\u2019 place and drive them to our place. This is a 3-4 hours drive and normally I wouldn\u2019t mind doing this. But apparently Jim and his wife have a lot of bags and luggage with them and Jim has asked Mike to rent a SUV and pick him up. This is where I draw the line. Firstly, I think this is a pretty big favor to spring on a friend. Also he expects us to pay for the rental, not just drive up and pick him up. Hotwire gives me prices upwards of $125 for a one day rental. Also there is a bus service that runs every few hours between Illinois and our place and it is very comfortable. But Jim is reluctant to take the bus. Tell me readers, am I crazy to think that Jim is taking us for a ride? This is not the first time this has happened and there have been a few times in the past where we have paid for dinners and concert tickets for Jim. Mike thinks I am overreacting and making a fuss over nothing.\nSince I don\u2019t want to be the wife who comes between the husband and his buddy I have washed my hands off this and have let Mike do what he wants. But I would really like to know what everyone thinks about this. Am I just being cheap?\nWere you all as shocked to hear about Steve Jobs? I felt really sad that day because the world has lost a creative genius. It didn\u2019t feel like a celebrity death, it really hit me hard. Especially since I work in the technology sector, I feel that Steve Jobs was instrumental in pushing usability to the forefront. The specifications don\u2019t matter as much how easy it is to use. RIP Steve Jobs! I hope Apple can make it without you.\nMike and I are getting the new iPhones. I know that buying new phones are not what you do when you you commit to paying off debt. But Mike has had his phone (iPhone 3G) for 3.5 years now and that\u2019s a long time for a smartphone. His phone is literally falling apart and has the screen has a huge crack in it. Me, it\u2019s a different story. I have had my iPhone 3GS for 2.5 years now. But it is in really good shape except for some scratches. So I could continue to use it for another year. But I don\u2019t see why I have to. I checked eBay to see how much used iPhones were selling for and since mine is in good condition I think I would get atleast $150 for it. The new iPhone 4S costs $200 and that means I just pay $50 out of pocket. Since I pay the same amount for data plan anyway I don\u2019t feel particularly guilty for getting a new phone. So Mike and I preordered the new phones and will get them on Oct 14th. Also when it comes to new phones I believe in getting them as soon as they come out so that you have bragging rights for one full year\ud83d\ude42\nI have talked about this in an earlier post. But I wanted to recap the situation since I was away for a long time. Mike and I don\u2019t have any debt from our under grad degree. But when I went to grad school, I took a student loan to help pay tuition. The balance left on my student loan is TADA\nMy goal is to pay it by Dec 2011. I know it is an aggressive goal and it is safe to say that we will not be diverting any money to savings till this is done. We want to throw every extra penny we have at this debt until it is gone forever. Paying off my student loans was one of my goals for 2011 and it will mean so much to me when I can achieve it.\nApart from student loans, my parents lent $10000 to help me oout during grad school. While this is interest free, I want to be done with this as soon as I can, just because it is embarrassing. I have talked to them about it and we have set a tentative schedule for repayment. I will be paying back $5000 in March 2012 and another $5000 in June 2012, barring anything unexpected. I think this is a comfortable time-line and I really hope we are able to pay off my parents by then.\nAfter all this is paid off, I will turn my attention to paying off car loans. So excited", "What features are included in this family home for sale", "What has happened to the man in the text segment", "What are the dimensions and materials used for the coffee table mentioned in the text", "6 items all guys should retire after college\nSince we crank out so many stories each week some really good ones get lost in the cracks. And since so many new people visit Guyism every day (thank you), we thought we\u2019d take some time on the weekends and holidays to share a few classics that many of our newer readers may have missed.\nIf we could, we would stay in college forever. Just watch any Todd Phillips movie for proof. Unfortunately, we just can\u2019t do that. It\u2019s a part of life. It\u2019s a part of growing up. It\u2019s a part of maturity. And as we mature, it\u2019s time to say goodbye to some of those things we hold near and dear to us. Here\u2019s a list of just a few of those many things that we must part ways with in post college life.\nThese babies are useful whenever you overslept and had to jet from your dorm room to the other side of campus in a matter of minutes. But once you got that degree, you should\u2019ve graduated to big boy toys as well. Unless you\u2019re somehow one of the select few making a living doing it, it\u2019s time to put that skateboard deep in your closet and let it collect dust with your Legos until you have kids who are old enough to start riding it.\nPhotoCredit: TomenoNaoki, Flickr\n5 Dane Cook CDs\nWhen you\u2019re intoxicated, loud noises and over-emphasized anecdotes always seem funny. So, you\u2019ve might\u2019ve been tricked into finding Dane Cook amusing. But, ask the sober dude next door how he feels about it. Dane Cook isn\u2019t funny. And something about graduating college/not being wasted every other night makes us realize this. Once you graduate, it\u2019s probably best to put these bad boys up for sale on eBay. Maybe you\u2019ll get lucky and one of the seven people who went to go see Good Luck Chuck will scoop them up.\nPhotoCredit: IvanTortuga, Flickr\n4 Scotch-taped Posters\nListen, we all love a Ferrari and we all love the sexy girls who try to sell us beer. But there comes a time in every man\u2019s life where he should attempt to class himself up. A quick trip to the framing store isn\u2019t all that costly, and it\u2019ll help make you", "ion that allows me to upload fairly long notes, about 2 pages of MS Word text, a feature that would be good to keep track of directions or notes I need for a trip or something. Plus this one, an iPod photo, manages photos. The downside is I have to use Annette\u2019s computer to manage the photos since the version of iPhoto on my computer is too old. The upside is, well, I get to manage a set of photos. You can kind of see the view in this photo.\nApparently, there\u2019s a way to do a slideshow on a TV, though I haven\u2019t figured this out yet. Plus this thing has a 30 GB hard drive which I can use as a portable hard drive: hook it up and off I go. Anyway, it\u2019s a great gift and a big surprise from my honey and from the boy.\nWe went to dinner at the Common Grill in Chelesa. Always great food, though I think Annette and I both over did it quite a bit. You know that scene in Monty Python\u2019s The Meaning of Life where the guy explodes? Kinda like that.", "In case anyone is wondering, there is less than a month left for Christmas. Like I talked about in my previous post we are not flying home for Christmas this year. But there is still gifts to be bought. Since we are not going to be at the big family gathering, we are limiting gifts to just immediate family \u2013 my parents, my sister and Mike\u2019s brother. We decided to spend some of the money that we would have spent on flight tickets and give nicer gifts this year. My sister is getting an ipad! I am most jealous of her, especially since I don\u2019t have an ipad.\ud83d\ude42 We wanted to get an ipad for Mike\u2019s brother too, but he told Mike that he would rather have cash/gift cards, since he is in college and is cash strapped at the moment. So we are getting him a small gift and he is getting the rest in cash. I am thinking about getting my parents a couple nights away at this beautiful hotel on the lake near their home. They never take vacations and I am sure they would enjoy this. We were thinking about getting some gift cards for restaurants nearby and gas cards so that they don\u2019t have to spend anything.\nMike\u2019s company drops them a profit sharing bonus 2-3 times a year. He got one a few months ago and we saved that in a different account earmarked for Christmas (Thank you ING) So we don\u2019t feel guilty buying nice gifts, since we have the money for them.\nNow to the question of gifts for ourselves. I want us to get something nice for each other, but not go overboard. Erika who writes here had a post up about buying for significant others, which is pretty similar to how I feel. (She has an awesome blog \u2013 you check it out if haven\u2019t already). It feels odd to buy each other gifts when we share accounts and credit cards. Last year we picked our own gifts, but I didn\u2019t really enjoy the experience. I am the kind of person who loves surprises and I love to hear the story of how Mike picked that gift for me. But Mike on the other hand, is not big on surprises and is already talking about picking our own gifts this year. We are going to talk about it this weekend. I am hoping to stick to around $100 each.\nSo have you all finished your Christmas shopping?\nI have been in a posting slump lately and I think an easy post to do would be to talk about how my debt payoffs have progressing (especially since we\u2019ve been making good progress on them)\nStudent Loan : $6325\nLoan from my parents : $4000\nAuto Loan 1 : $5493\nAuto Loan 2 : $4678\nTotal : $20496\nThat number is high but not scary. If you compare it with the numbers I posted a year ago, we have paid a whopping $29220 the past year. We have enough money in the bank to pay all of it off, but that would wipe out our entire savings/ emergency fund and so I am not very keen on doing that.\nI am hoping to pay off my student loans by the end of 2011. That\u2019s a pretty aggressive goal and does not leave any room for slip-ups. In order to make that happen, we\u2019ve decided not to fly home for Christmas. My parents have offered to pay for us to fly, but it is very embarrassing to let them help us. After we pay off the student loans, we want to pay my parents back by March 2012 even though it is interest free. We\u2019ve been able to knock off these loans pretty quickly the last few months because we made a conscious decision to not divert any money to savings or travel until they are paid off. I think we will not be doing that for our car loans. The balances are small enough that with just a little extra every month we can pay it off in 2012 anyway.\nSo this is where we stand today. Any thoughts/ideas?\nIn line with my previous post, another important lesson that I\u2019ve learned the past few months is about making do with I have. For most part of my life I have been an all-or-nothing kind of girl. I remember a couple of years ago, I signed up for tennis lessons and while buying a racket, I didn\u2019t want to buy the cheapest one and sprung for a pricey one. After a few months of lessons, I gave up and haven\u2019t used my racket since. Or for the past years, I have spent upwards of $50 for a Halloween costume without really thinking if I can do something with items in my closet.\nAs I begin to track my money more closely, it\u2019s apalling that so much of my money has been trickling into these unwanted upgrades. I am not saying that all spending is bad and whenever I buy something I must look for the cheapest model. But I have learned to spring for quality items only when it is for something I love and do often. For example if I played tennis every week, I would have no problem springing for a top of the line model if I feel that improved my game. If I were really smart, I would try to borrow that from a friend and use it a couple of times to see if I really like it before buying it. Many times while researching something, I get sucked into \u201cif I pay just X more, I can get a better model\u201d Many times I don\u2019t even use the extra features. For example, when my hair straightener broke after 3 years, I located a suitable replacement (a Sedu flat iron, which I cannot recommend enough). I looked for prices and coupons online and also priced it the salon I get my hair done to find the best deal. But while buying it, I plonked down an extra $30 for a \u201ckit\u201d which contained gloves, a mini travel iron and a carrying case. They all are now gathering dust in my closet and even when I travel, I lug my full sized flat iron, because I forget that the mini one exists.\nThis new found sense of making do came in very handy this Halloween. I decided that I would make my own costume because I didn\u2019t want to pay for one. Since I don\u2019t own a sewing machine and my sewing skills are non existent, it meant pulling something out of my closet. I decided to dress up as an old favorite \u2013 a gypsy. I had a long skirt, a white shirt and some colorful scarves and guess what, the costume turned out much better than any store bought one.\nThe next time I want to buy something, I am going to think twice whether I really need the item and if I can do without it. If I decide I have to buy it, I want to prove to myself I will use it well rather than just buying it impulsively\nI have been lurking and reading PF blogs long before I started my own blog. I have learned a lot of things from them. One of the biggest things I\u2019ve learned is to buy used. I have tried that out for a lot of things. For instance, Mike\u2019s car. Mike drives a Nissan Versa (hatchback) and we decided to buy a pre-owned car rather than pay a few thousand more for the new car smell. Mike and I play a lot of video games and for the lon", "What are the instructions for using the gel pack in the Teal Neck Wrap for heating and cooling", "What are the educational and licensing requirements to become a pharmacist", "able fabric cover as extreme temperature may injure skin. Always inspect neck wrap before use. In case of leakage, discontinue use and dispose of neck wrap. Avoid contact with eyes and ingestion. Store out of reach of children. Do not use the neck wrap on sensitive skin. People suffering from nerve damage, circulation problems or paralysis should consult with physician before use. Do not overheat the neck wrap. Heat continuously for a maximum of 1 min; then using 10 second intervals up to a maximum of 2 minutes total heating. Do not heat the neck wrap immediately after taking out from the freezer. Do not store the neck wrap in the freezer. Let stand for one minute after heating is completed. Check the temperature of the neck wrap before applying to skin to insure it's not too hot to apply.\nBe the first to review this item!\nThanks For Your Review\nIt's been submitted and will be posted as soon as possible. Please note that all reviews are subject to screening.", "constitutional and other legal rights. The official record was collected from local law enforcement agencies of California.\nNot the Deborah Lynn Freitas you were searching for? Use the search bar above to find the correct record or view all results for Deborah Freitas in All States", "The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D Review\nIf there is one game that everyone considers epic and timeless, it would be Nintendo\u2019s The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time. Since its debut on the Nintendo 64, the game has been ported to various Nintendo consoles such as Gamecube and the Wii. Over a decade after its initial release, a remake of Ocarina of Time with enhanced visuals is coming exclusively to the Nintendo 3DS. Using the 3D capabilities of the handheld and its dual screen feature, Ocarina of Time 3D is the remake everyone has been waiting for.\nFor newcomers to the Legend of Zelda series who haven\u2019t played Ocarina of Time, now is the time to play it in 3D. However, gamers who played Ocarina of Time over a decade ago are wondering if re-purchasing the game is worth it. Let\u2019s take a look at the changes in the Ocarina of Time 3D review.\nImproved Visual Presentation\nOcarina of Time 3D is not a straight port of the Nintendo 64 version. One of the major differences in the remake of Ocarina of Time is the improved visuals. Every character model and the gorgeous scenery of Hyrule has been completely remade for the Nintendo 3DS. If you noticed the weak and blurry visuals in the N64 version of Ocarina of Time, the 3D version will be a welcome change, as the graphics have greatly improved. However, Ocarina 3D does not utilize a new engine. The visuals are improved but it\u2019s not completely remade, and it cannot compare to the graphics of current generation Zelda games.\nIn addition to having improved visuals, 3D effects have been added to the game as well. Whether or not gamers are playing at the minimum or maximum settings of Ocarina 3D, they will be pleased to know that Grezzo and Nintendo did a good job of making the graphics pop out. The maximum 3D effects work well and demonstrate the capability of the 3DS.\nMaster Quest is Included\nAfter players finish the main quest, a Master Quest version will be unlocked. Similar to the Master Quest that was included in the Gamecube version of the game, players who choose to play Master Quest will have a new gameplay experience waiting for them. In the Master Quest mode, players can expect enemy appearances and dungeons to be randomized. If players seek a challenge after the lengthy adventure of Ocarina of Time, the Master Quest will definitely provide.\nReplay Boss Fights\nThe bosses in the Legend of Zelda games are pretty epic and it would be nice to fight them more than once. In the 3D version of Ocarina of Time, players can now repeat boss battles after defeating them in the main game. The Boss Gauntlet Mode in Ocarina 3D can be accessed from Link\u2019s house in Kokiri Forest. Players who play the Boss Gauntlet Mode will be able to see the fastest time they completed the boss battle. Sorry folks, there are no online leader boards, but the completion time can still be compared with friends to determine Zelda bragging rights.\nRelive the Classic Story\nThe story of Ocarina of Time was left unchange", "d for evil ends\nFeralian elves are seen as feral creatures with worrying views on the faith. It is very rare for these elves to be initiated and even rarer for them to rise higher than the lowliest rung in holy orders, and this could only occur in the remotest areas of the Theocracy\nDuring his time preaching, the Magister told the people that magic without faith was a source of great danger for them as that it was a route for the demons into their minds.\nConsequently, magic use in the Theocracy is heavily regulated: the magically adept must pass a grueling series of tests, recitals and interrogations before being given the scroll of license from the Hierophant of Lore. Mages are always assigned to a temple, so that its priesthood guard their minds from being corrupted.\nDespite these restrictions, mages benefit hugely from the oversight and endorsement of the priests, gaining access to far better materials and the library of their sect. Although this creates a tendency to extreme conservatism and experimentation or deviation from the approved list of spells.\nParticularly respected senior mages, or archmages, will sometimes be assigned elven servants with magical gifts of their own. These lowly casters are supposed to help only with rituals and rarely granted approval to use any magic other than those in connection with knowledge and protection, as the elven race is seen as too untrustworthy as taught by the Magister.\nTemple-sanctioned mages are held in high regard by the Janissary regiments, who often request magical assistance to bolster their forces. There, they have proved a great asset to holding the outermost borders from complete collapse against the savage campaigns of the Khanate and heretics. Such was their reputation for magical skill that some of the more aggressive Nordl\u00e4nder warlords adopted the practice of tearing the hearts out of Theocracy mages on site. Despite the uneasy truce that now stands, this hatred is not forgotten.\nThe overarching view of anyone from the Theocracy is that, of all the lands, theirs are the most beloved by the gods.\nThe Archimandrite is seen as the living embodiment of the Magister and the Hierophants of the Grand Circle are viewed with a barely lesser degree of awe.\nOther human nations are seen as somewhat beneath the Theocracy, spiritually. The Kingdom of Elland they see as arrogant and immoral; deeply suspicious of the autonomy and political position that Elland\u2019s elite have afforded to their so called Academy of Magic, who they see as a huge liability. Likewise, denizens of the Kingdom often view their Theocratic counterparts as heavy handed fundamentalists who persecute and over-legislate.\nThe Northlands have historically raided the borders and ports of the region, and despite the uneasy truce that exists because of the new enemies, old hatreds burn brightly in Tarnova, who have still not forgotten the great siege. Consequently, many in The Theocracy find it hard to hold their tongues in the presence of the Northlander heretics who used to think nothing of tearing the hearts out of their mages and priests.\nThe Theocracy is the centre of religion and worship in the human lands. Fashions in the temple cities lean towards the colourful and simple with symbols of the Gods boldly adorned and emblazoned for all to see as a indication of the dedication of the individual to the Divine Assembly.\nFacial tattooing and religious script is often inscribed upon the skin of the denizens of this land as a further indication of religious deference and as a protection against the influence of the demonic.\nIn general the Theocracy has a distinctly religious and pious feel with less of the militaristic and feudal influence that is prevalent in the kingdom.\nWith the discovery of The Vale the Archimandrite has insisted that the Theocracy be represented in the expeditions. He has reminded King Edric that the evil forces of the demons will need to be held at bay and that Elland\u2019s forces are not strong enough to do this on their own.\nAs a gesture of goodwill, the Grand Circle dispatched an expeditionary force of Janissary Soldiers, Temple Guard and several High Priests, with oversight from the Grey Vigil and a Hierophant assigned to the leader of the Northern Alliance.\nThis force is tasked with the set up of the Fane, and to ensure proper worship and oversight occurs in town of Gateway.\nGeneral: Persian style robes and dress, bronze and gold accessories, priestly and pious trappings and regalia. Holy script can be on seals, dress and skin.\nSpecific cities and soldiery.\nJanissaries: Turkish Janissaries, Mamluk infantry, Achaemenid Archers, Hashashin, Haradrim.\nTemple Guard: Persian Cataphracts, Magna Guard, Sarafan Warrior-Priests.\nTarnova: Carpathian culture under Ottoman Rule, Romanian/Hungarian style.\nSarqand: Parthian and Sassanid Empires; later cities on the Silk Roads, particularly Samarkand. Masks and head/face coverings, particularly for The Priesthood and wealthy.\nAlmitra: Rhodes, Byzantine and Turkish influences.\nKalash: Desert cultures, particularly Arabic/Bedouin.", "What amenities does the original display home offer for family living", "Lime Sprite Salad\nThis was my favorite when I was a teenager many years ago. Dining at the cafeteria was a real treat and I always had \"my\" green salad. Later found this recipe at Cooks.com and it's a match to my old favorite. Hope you enjoy. It's really easypeasy!\n\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606 0 votes0\n12 or more\nNo-Cook or Other\n1 lg. x boxlime jello\n1(8 oz) pkgcream cheese(*softened)\n1 largecrushed pineapple, drain most of liquid\n2", "I haven\u2019t posted about food for quite some time and I just realised it perhaps because I\u2019m still into polyvore lol. So this is one of the food I ate lately. It\u2019s chocolate filled marshmallows and it\u2019s goooooooooood but the marshmallows somehow get quite sticky with their plastic containers, it\u2019s o", "What happens to the weather on the island at the end of the wet season", "What did the author receive as a gift that allows them to manage photos and notes", "A lot of photo enthusiasts say, \"The\nsun's out--time to take pictures,\" and put their camera away\ncome nightfall. But if this is your philosophy, you're missing half the\nfun of photography. You can take some exciting night shots of colorful neon\nsigns, the streaked taillights of traffic in motion, or shadowy figures silhouetted\nby street lights. The photo opportunities after dark are plentiful.\nDuring twilight, lingering light in the sky balances the colorful\nlights of the city.\nReader photo by Charles Harrison, Cincinnati, OH\nYou can use fast film (or the equivalent\nISO setting on a digital camera) in the 400--1600 range for outdoor night\nshooting. Also--particularly when using slower films--you'll\nwant to use a tripod or another means of camera support, unless you're\nshooting night scenes with a lot of light, such as buildings in Las Vegas.\nOne challenge you'll encounter when photographing in existing light is\ncolor balance. All color films are keyed to a particular light source, such\nas daylight film that's balanced for sunlit scenes, and tungsten film\nfor photographing subjects lit by tungsten lamps. However, when you shoot at\nnight, lighting often comes from mixed lighting source", "end of the wet season. The big storms are long gone but the island can still get rain every day (particularly at the beginning of the month). Even when it does rain the clouds disappear quickly and the sun returns.", "Who did Miu Hirano defeat to reach the finals at the Seamaster Women\u2019s World Cup", "e a pharmacist, it is necessary to earn a Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D.) degree from an accredited college or school of pharmacy.\nBefore applying to one of these programs, applicants must complete at least two years of higher education, preferably with a focus on math and science courses. Many schools also require applicants to take the Pharmacy College Admissions Test (PCAT). After completing the Pharm.D. degree, students may choose to do a one or two-year residency or fellowship program to receive further training. This can increase job opportunities, as most hospitals require their pharmacists to have completed such training.\nPharmacists must pass the North American Pharmacist Licensure Exam (NAPLEX) in order to become licensed before they can begin working.\nIn some states, prospective pharmacists are also required to take the Multistate Pharmacy Jurisprudence Exam (MPJE) which tests knowledge of pharmaceutical law.\nSalary, Benefits, and Opportunities for Advancement\nAccording to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median earnings of US pharmacists is $106,410. Salary.com reports the mid-50% earnings range of pharmacists to be $101,533 to $113,300. Payscale.com reports that a pharmacist with one to four years experience earns $68,796 to $101,205, while a pharmacist with twenty or more years experience can expect $94,008 to $120,025.", "A Farewell to Arms Chapter 17\nHe wakes up and his knee is in a cast. Miss Gage tells him that the operation went well. He feels sick and realizes he wouldn't have been able to have sex anyway that night. There are other patients in the hospital now: a Georgian with malaria, and a New Yorker with malaria and jaundice. Catherine takes night duty to spend nights with Fred and they write notes to each other during the day through Miss Ferguson. Fred tries to talk to Miss Ferguson about their wedding, but she thinks they will never get married because they will fight first, or he will die, or he", "de, and, as we have come to expect from this team, one that was also impeccably costumed, superbly sung and played. Highlights included a tap dance from Mark Nadler accompanying himself while seated at the piano, a hilarious musical tour through the Fred Astaire film \"Shall We Dance?\" and a finale, which saw them; both dressed in black tails for \"Swannee.", "What technology does the SMART\u2122ID Card Printer use to ensure each card is distinguishable from one another", "What are the main ingredients needed to make Lime Sprite Salad", "maids, no more than $129.99 for brides), but I have to admit that Tevolio left me wanting more.\nDon't get me wrong- I love understated simplicity and a good bargain, but Tevolio's wedding dresses are just a bit too everyday for me. On the flip side, the affordable bridesmaid styles are great for summer wedding guests! And could work for a variety of other daytime soirees leading up to the big day.\nWhat do you think of Tevolio, brideys? Share your thoughts in the comments section below", "What significant improvements does Ocarina of Time 3D offer compared to the original version on the Nintendo 64", "Heather Arnet, one of the better elected officials in Pittsburgh, has resigned.\nHeather has always struck me as someone who stayed in Pittsburgh and became involved in civic affairs by civic-minded choice. She could have left, and could have successfully devoted her skill and effort in other directions, yet she stayed, and chose to use her time and talent to try to make the city's s", "What does the man hope to achieve by having his wife undergo surgery", "Given Target's incredibly successful collaborations with the likes of Missoni, Zac Posen, Isaac Mizrahi, etc., to bring middle America the covetable labels they once only dreamed about wearing, I was beyond stoked to hear that Tarjay was dipping its toes in the bridal pond.\nThe Tevolio Wedding Collection, available exclusively online, offers bridesmaid dresses, flower girl frocks, and very simple wedding gowns that appeal to the no-frills bride. The prices are right ($69.99 for brides", "and job, sweet, but tentative in her effort to establish her own voice and territory while still accommodating her husband. With Peter, she wears her widow\u2019s weeds with a cautious dignity, keeping her own counsel, and her own secrets.\nThe acting is good, and the production moves with a sort of melancholy gravity which approaches grandeur. Why don\u2019t I like it more, then? There are some plot holes, to be sure, but that\u2019s not it; there are plot holes in Hamlet. Perhaps Dying City suffers from a lack of consequence: as the story opens Craig is dead, and when it closes he is just as dead. What we learn in the sixty-two minutes\u2019 traffic on our stage about how he felt about Peter, or about Kelly, or about how they felt about him does not change, as Rumsfeld used to call it, the facts on the ground.\nDying City is, at bottom, a requiem, which allows us to change the way we feel about a dead man, but not the way we feel about ourselves. Its considerable theatricality allows us to suspend disbelief, but does not give us a reason to overcome indifference. The name itself is deceptive; there may have been a time when this city was dying, but by the time we enter it, it is already the City of the Dead.\nDying City by Thomas Shinn, directed by Matthew Gardiner. Features Thomas Keegan and Rachel Zampelli. Scenic design by Daniel Conway, costume design by Frank Labovitz, lighting design by Colin K. Bills and sound design by Matt Rowe. Michael D. Curry was the director of production and Julie Meyer was production stage manager. The play featured original music by Peter Lerman. Produced by Signature Theatre. Reviewed by Tim Treanor.\nPatrick Folliard . Washington Blade\nSusan Berlin . Talkin\u2019Broadway\nMaggie Lawrence . Culpeper Star\nChris Kilmek . City Paper\nKyle Osborne . Examiner.com\nPatrick Pho . WeLoveDC\nPeter Marks . Washington Post\nSophie Gilbert . Washingtonian\nJennifer Perry . DCMetroTheaterArts\nJeanne Theismann . Connection\nSusan Davidson . CurtainUp", "What items are mentioned in the text that should be disposed of or hidden after graduating from college", "What type of rights does the text mention in relation to the official record collected"]}