{"q_indices": [18, 119, 54, 90, 104, 5, 95, 99, 97, 68, 113, 20, 85, 114, 55, 66, 59, 49, 79, 124, 9, 73, 123, 24, 6, 39, 43, 71, 118, 50, 115, 31, 122, 92, 65, 51, 106, 12, 120, 44, 7, 37, 14, 108, 15, 64, 10, 102, 26, 21, 13, 58, 117, 77, 72, 30, 42, 63, 60, 57, 127, 84, 48, 25], "a_indices": [125, 52, 74, 29, 19, 38, 11, 41, 80, 87, 100, 110, 70, 105, 22, 62, 107, 16, 61, 82, 47, 78, 23, 0, 69, 111, 112, 75, 83, 2, 81, 53, 94, 98, 67, 109, 40, 27, 1, 56, 76, 46, 28, 116, 91, 3, 33, 86, 45, 8, 4, 96, 35, 121, 88, 34, 101, 126, 89, 36, 93, 32, 17, 103], "texts": ["laundry room. The balcony/patio is located off the living room and includes a storage closet. The master bedroom has two closets and an en suite bathroom. The guest bedroom is next to the guest bathroom. Two coat closets are located in the private foyer. This apartment starts at $840.\nThis is a three-bedroom, two-bath floor plan with 1,447 square feet of living space. This apartment has a large living room, dining area, and galley-style kitchen. The balcony/patio is off the living area. The master bedroom has two closets and an en suite bathroom. The two additional bedrooms, guest bathroom, and laundry room are on the opposite side of the apartment, with one bedroom having a walk-in closet and the other having two closets. This apartment rents from $940.", "\u201cI just saw him here like three minutes ago,\u201d Vettori told MMA Junkie. \u201cAt the end of the day, when he steps in the cage, we\u2019ll settle it there. I was just pissed because you\u2019re acting tough in the f-cking lobby, and we were supposed to fight in a few hours. You should have just kept your mouth shut and show up in the cage.\u201d\nVettori (14-3-1 MMA, 4-2-1 UFC) and fellow middleweight Roberson (9-2 MMA, 4-2 UFC) were expected to meet at May\u2019s UFC on ESPN+ 29 event in Florida. Roberson missed weight for the matchup, but Vettori agreed to a catchweight contest. However, after the official weigh-ins, \u201cBaby K\u201d continued to struggle with his recovery, and medical personnel ruled him ineligible to compete.\nFor Vettori, who had already had two other fight dates scratched due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, it was an infraction he simply couldn\u2019t let slide, leading to a now-infamous hotel confrontation the day they were scheduled meet in the octagon.\n\u201cI just wanted to talk to him and say, \u2018Why the hell did you pull out?'\u201d Vettori said. \u201cHe missed weight. I accepted, and then he still pulled out. I was like, \u2018What the hell? Why did you pull out?\u2019 Then his coach talked, and he was telling me that he fainted after the weigh-ins. Meanwhile, he was recharging, and they right away called the UFC medical team, and they brought him to the hospital, and they said his kidney values were up. But man, the kidney values would be up after a weight cut.\n\u201cBut yeah, then I was about to walk off. Honestly, I was about to walk off, and just right before, I told him, \u2018You know you f-cked up? You know you f-cked up? All of this is really f-cked up.\u2019 He was like, \u2018Yeah, I know.\u2019 This and that. Then I was about to walk off, and the moment I\u2019m walking off, he looks at me, and he\u2019s like, \u2018Oh, but I heard you said that I\u2019m scared to fight you.\u2019 I\u2019m like, \u2018Of course I said that, and", "urface, including hallucinations and lapses in memory.\nDo sleeping pills cause weight gain?\nDiphenhydramine is the most commonly used medication in this class, and it is found in many over-the-counter drugs, such as sleep aids. These drugs may cause weight gain due to increased hunger and increased tiredness, making you less active.\nAre sleeping pills bad for your heart?\nSleeping pills increase the risk of cardiovascular events in heart failure patients by 8-fold, according to research. The investigators concluded: \u201cOur results need confirmation in larger, prospective studies before heart failure patients can be advised to stop taking sleeping pills.\nDo you feel anything after taking sleeping pills?\nSome people also experience allergic reactions from sleeping pills that can cause difficulty breathing, chest pain, nausea and swelling. Though rare, people who use sleeping pills may even develop parasomnias.\nHow can I reverse the effects of sleeping pills?\nTaper Off Your Sleep Meds\n- For the first two weeks, take half of your usual nightly dose.\n- When week three occurs, cut your dosage in half again. \u2026\n- Continue that dose through week four.\n- Keeping with that same dose, switch to taking it once every third night instead of every night of the week.\nWhy can\u2019t I sleep after taking sleeping pills?\nIn some cases, sleeping pills have actually start to interfere with sleep. Second, sleeping pills can stop working as your body develops a tolerance for the medication. This means that you have to use more to get the same effect.", "stry for many years, writing and appearing in dozens of his own plays. He recently appeared on the big screen in local films Pork Pie and Waru; and the small screen in Shortland Street and Filthy Rich; but is most well known domestically for his impersonations of politicians on social media, his work exploding into the mainstream media during the 2017 election.\nTom is available as Actor, Comedian, MC, Influencer and more.", "BATON ROUGE, La (WGMB)\nNovember, 26 2010\nThe Baton Rouge Rugby Club was serving up hot gumbo today and some area children will benefit.\nIt was a gumbo cook off with both professional and amateur contestants.\nThere were gumbo recipes from all over the capital city, including TJ Ribs, Gumbo Ya-Ya's and Podnuhs. But local folks also were competing for the yellow ribbon.\nWinners we", "What are some unique features of Voyageurs National Park mentioned in the text", "What techniques or methods are suggested for handling feelings of hurt in relationships, according to the text", "What creative activities have been done to celebrate the snowman theme despite the lack of snow", "pite Egypt\u2019s stock market rising 6.7 per cent following the peaceful Morsi triumph, Fitch Ratings notes overall that \u201crecent [SCAF] developments will probably increase the risk of further social unrest and crush any hope of a change in economic policy. But in the extreme, this could lead to a second revolution, and thus a longer period of political uncertainty.\u201d\nSCAF and the former regime proxies have long engaged in a battle of hearts and minds to pin the blame of the country\u2019s economic miseries on the revolution and their supporters in order to preserve the old order or some significant semblance of it. This is why the economy is facing an impending crash due precisely to SCAF\u2019s prolonging of the transition in a series of short-sighted exploits that amounted to no more than power grabs. Tourism in decline, for example, was less to do with revolutionaries and Islamists, and much more to do with the state arresting civil society activists and airing xenophobic commercials.\nThis has raised suspicions that Morsi is being set up to fail and incur nationwide anger for the deteriorating economy. Yet his powers are so shamelessly limited one wonders how SCAF will manage to con the common Egyptian on the street, let alone the Brotherhood\u2019s organisational apparatus that can be deployed fairly effectively to foment popular pressure. Morsi can help to soften any future public backlash by spreading the division of labour and creating the inclusive cabinet he has promised that will appeal to liberals, revolutionaries, Copts and women.\nThe public is no doubt exhausted with the socio-economic uncertainties, yet the ingredients that keep sparking mass protests are still there. There is a generational war of legitimacy that SCAF may or may not comprehend. Despite their differences, the revolutionaries and the Islamists have reaped more street cred from the 25 January Egyptian revolution than anyone else. Those 18 cataclysmic days have left Egypt with a Whitman\u2019s Sampler of myths, symbols, constructs, martyrs, grievances, and narratives, as well as subsequent key flashpoints (Maspero massacre, Mohamed Mahmoud battle, Cabinet killings, Port Said tragedy and more) that have ever since inspired the growing audience of fearless youth (and much of the public). This has been sustained through social media, satellite TV, and on the streets. All this is challenging the hierarchical and communiqu\u00e9-announcing archaic generals with their worn out myths of the 1952 \u2018revolution\u2019 and the 1973 October war. Whatever mystique the military had is gradually eroded as bodies were crushed under tanks at Maspero and female activists were stomped upon by jackboots.\nMoreover, in Egypt\u2019s post-revolutionary and anti-authoritarian climate, raw power can only take you so far. SCAF is not going to be grooming a fourth military dynasty; but the military is not retreating to their barracks in the foreseeable future.\nThe extended revolution may have to take many a further bloody twist and turn before the military elites eventually come round to seeing that it\u2019s in their (and the country\u2019s) long-term interests for a viable democratic Egypt to materialise with the necessary checks and balances that a healthy state requires to function. For now, the revolutionaries, liberals and even Islamists will need to organise more effectively into a cohesive bloc and exert a concerted effort if they hope to do more than just smell the aroma of a deSCAFinated Egypt.\nGet our weekly email", "What network will air the Final Four in 2016 as part of the NCAA Tournament media rights deal", "What activities did the children participate in during the 'We are the Cosmos' charity event organized by BEITEN BURKHARDT", "- The average American throws away 3.5 pounds of trash per day.\n- The average American uses 650 lbs. of paper per year.\n- One ton of paper from recycled pulp saves 17 trees, 3 cubic yards of landfill space, 7000 gallons of water, 4200 kWh (enough to heat a home for half a year), 390 gallons of oil, and prevents 60 pounds of air pollutants.\n- Producing recycled white paper creates 74 percent less air pollution, 35 percent less water pollution, and 75 percent less processed energy than producing paper from virgin fibers.\n- Recycling one ton of cardboard saves over nine cubic yards of landfill space.\n- Number of landfills in operation in 1978: 14,000; in 1988: 7,924; in 2001: 1,858; in 2006: 1,754.\n- Recycling one ton of newspaper saves 15 trees.\n- Every ton of newspaper recycled saves 4100 kWh or enough energy to power a TV for 31 hours.\n- Recycling a soda can saves 96 percent of the energy used to make", "What types of methodologies has she used to study corruption and governance", "What type of event was held by the Baton Rouge Rugby Club on November 26, 2010", "What methodology did the small team use for the development of the BBC iPlayer according to Katherine Kirk's case study", "What date will Tom Sainsbury appear in the upcoming episode of True Story with Hamish and Andy", "that have been named in the Quilt Sampler Featured Shop Lists-\nWhat an unexpected suprise to be mentioned\non the Selvage blog today!\n.....Can you imagine if Chelo from Spain, Jill from New Jersey, and Jodie from Ballarat (Australia) were neighbors? No, I can't either! All together they've made upholstered chairs, window cornices, dresses, and lots more, all with selvages. I guess that's why God spread them out around the world.\nWhat a wonderful selvage neighborhood that would be!!!!", "Public Works Menu\nRecycling Resources in Juneau\n- The Freecycle Network\u2122 (www.freecycle.org) is a grassroots and entirely nonprofit movement of people who are giving (and getting) stuff for free in their own towns and thus keeping good stuff out of landfills. For link to Juneau Freecycle go to:\n- Antifreeze: Please take uncontaminated anti-freeze to Southeast Antifreeze Recyclers, Inc. Call 790-4305 or take to the Hazardous Waste Events.\n- Appliances: For a charge, Capital Disposal Waste Managment wll take stoves, washers, dryers, refridgerators and freezers. For information call 780-7801.\n- Batteries, Car: Return it to the store where you bought it, they will take it back or CBJ Household Hazardous Waste facility.\n- Batteries, Household: CBJ Household Hazardous Waste facility. Battery terminals should be taped or batteries should be placed in ziplock baggies.\n- Brown Paper Bags: Reuse at grocery stores (often for a discount) or donate to St. Vincent de Paul, Salvation Army, or Rainbow Foods. Recycle Center also takes them as mixed paper.\n- Cell Phones with charger: Aware Shelter or www.cellphonesforsoldiers.com or call\n- Computers: CBJ Household Hazardous Waste facility.\n- Eye Glasses: Accepted by the Lions Club email@example.com and by local optometrists.\n- Fishing Line (mono-filament): Take to Western Auto sporting goods.\n- Glass (all colors): Juneau Recycling Center at the Lemon Creek Landfill operated by Waste Management. 5600 Tonsgard Court. (780-7801)\n- Hangers: Return hangers and plastic garment bags to the dry cleaner.\n- Hazardous Waste (paint, oil, etc.): Take hazardous waste products in the original container or a container\nwith its contents labeled to the scheduled CBJ Household Hazardous Waste facility. Paint cans where the contents have been allowed t", "What should you do if you do not accept the Terms and Conditions stated on the website", "INTERNATIONAL FALLS \u2013 Voyageurs National Park has long been a special place for Minnesota boaters, anglers and those who love its big, open waters and wilderness feel without being too far from creature comforts.\nFor kayakers, Voyageurs offers great paddling, fishing and wildlife viewing. But without a reservation system for the limited campsites, kayakers were at a distinct disadvantage when it came to claiming a spot before they were snatched up.\nThat's changing, however. This year, Voyageurs is offering a reservation system, reducing visitors' chances of getting stranded without a place to pitch a tent if all campsites are full.\nThat's good news for kayakers like Linda Pascoe, of Maple Grove, who takes annual trips to Voyageurs with a group from the Twin Cities. Because the campsites are scattered around the lakes, chances are the kayakers aren't going to get the first choice, Pascoe said.\n\"We're just never going to beat out the motorboat,\" she said. \"Your whole time up there can be trying to figure out where you're staying.\"\nThe 218,200-acre Voyageurs National Park is a series of connected lakes and rivers along Minnesota's border with Canada named for the French-Canadian fur transport workers.\nAlthough canoes were the voyageurs' original mode of transportation, the park also appeals to kayakers because of the big lakes with rocky islands that offer protection from the wind, Pascoe said. While she also loves the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, crossing a portage with a kayak and gear is difficult.\n\"Voyageurs is just a superbly ideal place to go,\" Pascoe said.\nHer group frequently stays at least five days and as long as a week, paddling about 8-12 miles a day. They enjoy the scenery and plentiful wildlife, including deer, beaver, bald eagles and occasionally, an elusive black bear. She's heard but never seen wolves as well.\nUnlike the BWCA, motorboats and houseboats are allowed in Voyageurs, along with canoes and kayaks.\nStory continues below.\nMotorboats don't pose much of a problem for kayaks in Voyageurs, Pascoe said. She said she's more fearful of paddling on Lake Minnetonka.\n\"I just can", "What concerns do protesters and political scientists like Leon Polyakov express about the proposed Medvedev reforms in Russia", "What challenges does Morsi face in addressing the deteriorating economy amid SCAF's influence in Egypt", "One to one Spanish lessons in Spain\nOne to One Spanish Courses in Spain (Individual learning) are a popular choice for business and professional people whose time is limited and who may have very special requirements.\nAlthough Alhambra Instituto keeps comprehensive and up-to-date resource material (Interactive whiteboards in all the classes, multimedia) participants are encouraged to provide their own material to make the Spanish lessons more relevant to their own needs. Activities outside the school building in connection with participant\u2019s specific interest can be organised.\nOne to One (Private) Spanish Lessons are completely tailor-made Spanish programmes, in which your teacher will work closely with you to identify your needs and objectives.[table \u201c4\u201d not found /]\nThere is also the possibility of organizing other types of private Spanish tuition in many areas including:\n- International Business Spanish\n- Spanish in the Office & Telephone Spanish\n- Spanish for Secretaries\n- Spanish for Lawyers and Legal Personnel\n- Spanish for Travel Agencies and Hotel Staff\nThis One to One programme of Spanish language is aimed at those who want to rapidly improve their general Spanish and who want to study specific areas of interest such as marketing, finance, law and sales. We can help you to prepare for business presentations, negotiations or meetings, and develop key skills such as business correspondence, the telephone and report writing. You can also prepare for examinations.\nWith the interactive whiteboard at the front of your class you will have total immersion learning Spanish with your private teacher . Our One to One (Individual) Spanish Courses offer our participants a flexible individual learning programme. The course is designed to cater for the personal and specific needs of each student. The topics are chosen according to the particular requirements and study aims of the learner, such as Spanish for business, exam preparation or specific areas of language difficulty, such as grammar work, comprehension skills and oral communication. You can choose between 3, 4 or 6 lessons daily in the \u201dOne to one Spanish courses\u201d. If you want more or less classes than are indicated don\u00b4t hesitate to contact us.\n|Starting Dates||Any workday. Packages are total lessons per week and must be taken within the same.|\n|Lessons per week||5, 10, 20\u2026 choose as many extra language lessons as you\u2019d like to study (during the same week)|\n|Duration||Any duration (minimum 1 week)|\n|Levels||Beginner (A1) to Proficiency (C2)|\n|Important information||Prices per student. For private classes with more than one student, semi private (or 3 to 1), all participants must agree and sign up for the same package. 15% additional fee for specific Spanish lessons (example: Business Spanish, Legal Spanish, etc.). Classes outside of the school will be subject to a 10% fee or more with a minimum charge of 10 \u20ac.|\n|Lesson Duration||55 minutes|\nYou can learn Spanish in a One to One (private) course for 1 to 12 weeks. You can also start this course and then change to a Spanish Group course if desired. Individual sessions guarantee flexibility and success. The teachers", "Oxford Point offers one-, two-, and three-bedroom floor plans designed for the ultimate in comfort and style. You\u2019ll enjoy open, airy living spaces, utility rooms, and walk-in closets. Our apartments also feature large balconies/patios with outdoor storage.\nThis apartment has a large living room, a separate dining area, and a galley-style kitchen. The utility room is located off the kitchen and includes two closets. The balcony with storage closet is located off the living room. The bedroom features a large walk-in closet. This 925-square-foot apartment rents from $735.\nOxford Point\u2019s two-bedroom, two-bath apartment has 1,277 square feet of living space. This split floor plan has a large living and dining area and a galley-style kitchen with access to the", "How many bedrooms and bathrooms are included in the apartment's floor plan", "What can I do with used cooking oil according to the recycling guidelines", "What challenges does the new president Morsi face regarding military control and the economy in Egypt", "imental methodologies and survey design for the study of corruption, governance and accountability. She has published numerous articles investigating the relationship between non-monetary incentives, social norms and culture on corruption. She has employed laboratory experiments to test the effectiveness of various anti-corruption policies, ranging from the use of online corruption reporting systems to the introduction of competition among bureaucrats supplying the same good or service", "When the Pressure Is Really On: A \u201cRough and Ready\u201d Application of Lean and Kanban at the BBC\nKatherine Kirk presents a case study of a small team which decided to use Lean and Kanban to rapidly iterate over the development of the BBC iPlayer.\nKatherine Kirk is currently the PM of the BBC iPlayer Bigscreen team, who also dabbles as a Process Improvement Analyst in other divisions of the BBC. She is an active participant of a community of Lean and Agile practitioners in the BBC Future Media and Technology division. She is parti", "on initiative so that our clients can benefit from the culture of education that Rakuten LinkShare encourages and fosters. With large, complex affiliate programmes, such as those for department stores, going from strength to strength, it\u2019s more important than ever for those that work in the industry to continually upskill.\u201d\nRakhee Jogia, Director of Retargeting Services at Rakuten MediaForge commented: \u201cThe retail and fashion industry has welcomed the additional functionalities that Rakuten MediaForge offers in the UK and we now have several brands using personalised retargeting as a key part of their performance marketing programmes. The jewellery and beauty sectors are following this trend too. As these services are new to the UK clients across our network, to see such appetite for them is extremely encouraging.\u201d\n~ ENDS ~\nAbout Rakuten LinkShare\nRakuten LinkShare is part of Rakuten Marketing which provides online retailers and other businesses with expert online marketing services and solutions. Its affiliate marketing network and retargeting solutions can acquire new customers, increase revenue and drive overall results while achieving target return on ad spend. Rakuten LinkShare\u2019s clients include some leading UK retailers such as AVON, Dorothy Perkins, Evans, French Connection, Karen Millen, Kurt Geiger, LEGO, Lipsy, Miss Selfridge, Monsoon, Republic, Schuh, Superdry, Charles Tyrwhitt, Topman, The White Company, Wallis and UNIQLO. Rakuten LinkShare was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in New York City, with offices in San Francisco, Chicago, London, Tokyo and Sydney. For more information, please visit: www.linkshare.co.uk.\n+44 (0)20 7608 2500\nRakuten LinkShare Campus contact\n\u2013 See more at: http://www.linkshare.co.uk/news/3037#sthash.vh3sYdSk.dpu", "What are the key elements of the show that the reviewer compared to Breaking Bad", "What is the author's stance on President Trump's description of the coronavirus as related to Communist China", "nearly elastic region.\nIt is most common for analysts in solid mechanics to use linear material models, due to ease of computation. However, real materials often exhibit non-linear behavior. As new materials are used and old ones are pushed to their limits, non-linear material models are becoming more common.\nThese are basic models that describe how a solid responds to an applied stress:\nElasticity - When an applied stress is removed, the material returns to its undeformed state. Linearly elastic materials, those that deform proportionally to the applied load, can be described by the linear elasticity equations such as Hooke's law.\nViscoelasticity - These are materials that behave elastically, but also have damping: when the stress is applied and removed, work has to be done against the damping effects and is converted in heat within the material resulting in a hysteresis loop in the stress-strain curve. This implies that the material response has time-dependence.\nPlasticity - Materials that behave elastically generally do so when the applied stress is less than a yield value. When the stress is greater than the yield stress, the material behaves plastically and does not return to its previous state. That is, deformation that occurs after yield is permanent.\nViscoplasticity - Combines theories of viscoelasticity and plasticity and applies to materials like gels and mud.\nThermoelasticity - There is coupling of mechanical with thermal responses. In general, thermoelasticity is concerned with elastic solids under conditions that are neither isothermal nor adiabatic. The simplest theory involves the Fourier's law of heat conduction, as opposed to advanced theories with physically more realistic models.\n1873: Carlo Alberto Castigliano presented his dissertation \"Intorno ai sistemi elastici\", which contains his theorem for computing displacement as partial derivative of the strain energy. This theorem includes the method of least work as a special case\n1874: Otto Mohr formalized the idea of a statically indeterminate structure.\n1936: Hardy Cross' publication of the moment distribution method, an important innovation in the design of continuous frames.\n1941: Alexander Hrennikoff solved the discretization of plane elasticity problems using a lattice framework\n1942: R. Courant divided a domain into finite subregions\n1956: J. Turner, R. W. Clough, H. C. Martin, and L. J. Topp's paper on the \"Stiffness and Deflection of Complex Structures\" introduces the name \"finite-element method\" and is widely recognized as the first comprehensive treatment of the method as it is known today", "Short News |\nBEITEN BURKHARDT organised its traditional charity event for children \"We are the Cosmos\"\nKeeping up a longstanding tradition, the international law firm BEITEN BURKHARDT held the \"We are the Cosmos\" charity event for children from the Kolomna Municipal Social Rehabilitation Centre.\nThis year we set out with the children on a fascinating two-day journey through the vast expanse of the universe. The first day, the children were visited by employees of the Museum of Cosmonautics, one of the largest academic and historical museums in the world. They told the history of space exploration, from our canine space team, through the first space flight of Yuri Gagarin, and on to life on a space station. The children solved picture-puzzles and crosswords and answered questions. To wrap up the day, each child made his or her own planet, then brought all the small planets together to create their own universe under the slogan: \"We are all different, but we are united!\"\nThe second day, the children took part in an art master class called \"My Planet\" and were introduced to the art of Alexei Leonov, the first Soviet cosmonaut to perform a spacewalk. In addition to his achievements in space, Leonov is also the author of", "imilarly Requested DVDs\nMember Movie Reviews\nK. K. (GAMER2012)\nReviewed on 12/4/2015...\nBinge watched this in a few days. Really enjoyed it. Had alot of the flare and style of Breaking Bad but focused on development of Attorney Saul Goodman and his right hand man, Mike. Definitely worth a watch.\n2 of 2 member(s) found this review helpful", "Sunday, September 18, 2011\nWhat is your fate?\nI wonder if Harvey Comics' Man In Black, which I read new as a '50s pre-teen, helped shape my view of fate as an unseen force over which we have little or no control. Or maybe it's just me who thinks our lives are some sort of cosmic joke. What decisions over the decades led to where I am now, and what I do...sitting at a", "and reception room.\nThe block is complete security entryphone system and the apartment has been looked after by the current owner. Perfect as a first time buy and equally popular as a rental investment. The apartment block is ideally located a stone's throw from Brockwell Park with the amenities, bars and restaurants of Brixton, Brixton rail and tube stations, Ritzy cinema and Brixton (O2) Academy only a short distance away.\n- Bright and Spacious\n- Double Glazed\n- Wood Flooring Throughout\n- Close to Brockwell Park\n- Short Distance to Brixton Rail and Tube Station\n- Chain Free\n0207 274 3111", "What are the rules for playing the game Roll a Snowman", "'t remember a time when we were upset or angry at a motorboat that went by too fast or too close,\" she said. \"I just think we've had a really good experience with them.\"\nAmong national parks, Voyageurs is unique because you can't drive through it, said Christina Hausman, executive director of the nonprofit Voyageurs National Park Association.\n\"You have to get out of your car to experience it,\" she said. \"For me, Voyageurs National Park encapsulates everything that's iconic Minnesotan: the big water, the walleye fishing, the family houseboat trip, the kayak trip, the loons, the wolves.\"\nThere are several ways to see the park, including cruising on a houseboat or staying at a lodge on the edge of the park, Hausman said. And if you don't have a boat, don't fret: The park service offers guided boat tours and most area lodges and businesses have water craft available to rent.\n\"There's really a lot of options to get out on the water,\" she said. \"Don't let that deter you.\"\nThe park is celebrating its 40th anniversary this year and is celebrating with a special family program over the summer months, including a ranger-led twilight walk series.\nSpencer Smith, of St. Paul, started coming to Voyageurs with his parents when he was a year old. Now the 25-year-old brings his friends to experience what he calls real camping.\n\"Camping is getting away, getting completely immersed in the wilderness,\" Smith said. \"Because there are no roads, you really get that immersive experience.\"\nFollow Kirsti Marohn on Twitter @kirstimarohn or reach her by phone at 255-8746.\nAbout the park\nSize: 218,200 acres.\nVisitors: 239,160 in 2014.\nHistory: Voyageurs is a collection of interconnected waterways along Minnesota's border with Canada. It's named for the French-Canadian fur traders who traveled through the lakes and rivers in birch bark canoes.\nWhen visiting: 360 Highway 11, International Falls. Visitor information: 218-286-5258.\nOf note: Voyageurs is a water-based park, so you'll need to leave your car behind and travel by boat, kayak, canoe or snowmobile.\nTo reserve a campsite: Online at www.recreation.gov or call 1-877-444-6777", "What steps did the author take to find freedom from the emotional pain caused by the reviler and embrace a deeper relationship with the Lord", "Danila Serra holds a Master of Science in Economics from the London School of Economics and Political Science, and a PhD in Economics from Oxford University. She is an Assistant Professor of Economics at Southern Methodist University. Prior to joining SMU in August 2012, she was an Assistant Professor of Economics at Florida State University. Professor Serra is the inaugural recipient of the Vernon Smith Ascending Scholar Prize.\nProfessor Serra is a behavioral economist combining exper", "a can from ore and produces 95 percent less air pollution and 97 percent less water pollution.\n- One gallon of oil, when reprocessed, can generate enough energy to meet the electricity needs of a home for half a day\n- The plastic used in one toner cartridge contains about a half quart of oil.\nHere\u2019s how to help\n- Recycle the glass, metal, and plastic containers and paper in the recycle bins located throughout campus.\n- Try to carry a bottle, aluminum can, or plastic containers, until you find a recycling bin.\n- Empty and clean all food and beverage containers before placing them in recycling bins.\n- Do not contaminate the recycling bins by dropping trash into recycling bins.\nRecycle every day\nThe \"Do's, Don'ts and How to's of Recycling\" flyer lists what's recyclable on campus.\nCompiled from the EPA Business Guide for Reducing Solid Waste, Forty Ways to Make Government Purchasing Green and other sources", "What is the initial descent clearance expectation for Kefallinia airport according to the text", "What is the reason Japanese authorities plan to summon Apple officials this week", "What does Vettori believe about his upcoming fight and how does he intend to manage his emotions", "Subtlety is not a strong feature of the Egyptian landscape, whether you look at its overt religious piety, emphasis on a person\u2019s title, the fragrance generously sprayed that heralds a person\u2019s arrival from 15 metres away, the imposing pyramids, or Judge Farouk Sultan\u2019s protracted defence of the \u2018divinely-sanctioned\u2019 electoral commission before he could get around to just announcing the presidential winner. Yet the least subtle of any Egyptian agency has to be the league of \u2018extraordinary\u2019 gentlemen \u2013 the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF). In seizing all branches of government, ripping up the constitution and pre-emptively defanging the Morsi presidency, SCAF have not only sought to turn the self-styled \u2018Revolution 2.0\u2019 into a \u2018Dictatorship 2.0\u2019, but have done so with a degree of recklessness, desperation and lack of imagination that leaves their hand even more exposed than before.\nDecoding the socio-political hieroglyphics reads like this: New politics (revolutionaries and liberals) reluctantly united with religious politics (Muslim Brotherhood) to fight the union between old politics (Felul, former regime remnants led by Ahmed Shafik) and military politics (SCAF). Old politics (and the revival of corrupt patronage networks) has been dealt a death-blow. Now a considerable number of revolutionaries find themselves stuck in a marriage of convenience with the Muslim Brotherhood to take on the military council and their supplementary constitutional declaration, the timing of the next parliamentary elections in particular and a painfully-slow transition in general.\nThe Muslim Brotherhood\u2019s electoral strength should not be overstated. Last month\u2019s presidential elections illustrated that given the choice between a secularist candidate like Hamdeen Sabahi\u2019s and felul/Islamists, Cairenes and, particularly, Alexandrians, will go overwhelmingly for the former. The Brotherhood cannot afford to alienate urban centres as it comes to the realisation that progressive politics has the upper hand in Egypt\u2019s largest cities.\nSay that a deal was struck between SCAF and the Brotherhood, history has shown time and again that it never lasts, often at the expense of Egypt\u2019s welfare. This also explains why revolutionaries and liberals who boycotted the run-off elections seek to capitalise on an inevitable SCAF-Brotherhood clash and to nurture a third political-civil current.\nWhatever one makes of the Morsi victory, the new president has inherited a martial reality that will compel him to deal with the military\u2019s brazen consolidation of power over the security apparatus, civilian administration, and 18 of Egypt\u2019s 27 governorates that are currently headed by retired generals. Not to mention the SCAF loyalists recruited to or retained in key ministries and industries. He will have to deal with this while seeking to revive a brutalised economy \u2013 addressing 12.4 per cent unemployment (youth unemployment: 25 per cent), 40 per cent under the poverty line; reforming the dysfunctional education system, labour laws, public finance, attracting investors again and reversing the frighteningly high crime wave \u2013 while not trespassing onto the military\u2019s off-bound economic empire, which reportedly encompasses up to 40 per cent of the country\u2019s economy. The structural tensions that ignited the 2011 Egyptian revolution are still present. For example, labour strikes have been ongoing and continue to hit at the nerve centre of SCAF\u2019s economic enterprises.\nDes", "using magnetic photo paper. I simply cut little squares and place them onto whatever I want to stick onto the cookie sheet. For the black eyes I put the paper right on the photo sheets and then used the hole punch. But all the other pieces just got 1-2 little squares of magnetic paper.\nTo play Roll a snowman we put all the pieces onto the cookie sheet. In order to start your snowman you need to roll a 1. After you roll the one you continue to roll the dice and add the pieces until you have completed your snowman. If you wanted to it to take longer you can change the rules so you only can put on 1 arm, boot or button at a time.\nAnother fun activity the kids did was paint these wooden snowmen. I think I purchased them a few years ago on clearance but its only been this year that they are \"into\" painting so I got them out and let them paint away.\nI love the thinking that two brushes will make it go faster.\nWhen they were finished painting I glued on the eyes for them.\nLady J did all the white herself but I helped only a little bit with the red and orange.\nEben's job was to do it all by himself. He did a great job not mixing up the colors to much.\nNow we have 2 more snowman to add to to our snowman decor", "Another over-the-air sports stalwart is going, going, but not quite gone. The 2016 Final Four from Reliant Stadium in Houston will air on TBS as part of the 14-year NCAA Tournament media rights deal between Turner Sports and CBS.\nCBS gets the Final Four in 2017, and the companies will continue to alternate Final Four years for the duration of the contract, the companies announced today.\nThe continued migration toward cable begins next year, when Saturday semifinal games at the 2014 and 2015 NCAA Tournament will air on TBS while the Monday championship game remains on CBS.\nIn addition, CBS and Turner will split the regional semifinals and finals beginning next year and continuing through 2024. As has been the case since 2011, the first weekend of games will continue to air on CBS, TNT, TBS and truTV.\nNetwork executives David Levy of Turner and Sean McManus of CBS said that under the original rights agreement, Turner had the option to take the entire Final Four in 2014, the first year in which the networks would alternate airing the event.\nHowever, McManus said he and Levy agreed three months ago that having both companies share in Final Four coverage the next two years woul", "What types of materials can be recycled in Juneau according to the Public Works Menu", "What items have Chelo, Jill, and Jodie made using selvages", "What steps can be taken to reverse the effects of sleeping pills", "What factors contributed to the increasing dissatisfaction of the Sioux and their deterioration of relations with white settlers", "ICULAR PURPOSE. WE AND OUR AFFILIATES MAKE NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE MATERIAL, SERVICES, SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS ON THIS WEB SITE.\nLIMITATION OF LIABILITY\nIN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE MATERIAL ON THIS WEB SITE OR SITES LINKED TO THIS WEB SITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT WE ARE AND/OR ANY AFFILIATE IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In addition to any excuse provided by applicable law, We shall be excused from liability for non-delivery or delay in delivery of products and services available through Our Site arising from any event beyond Our reasonable control, whether or not foreseeable by either party, including but not limited to, labor disturbance, war, fire, accident, adverse weather, inability to secure transportation, governmental act or regulation, and other causes or events beyond Our reasonable control, whether or not similar to those which are enumerated above.\nERRORS, OMISSIONS AND INACCURACIES\nWe endeavor to present the most recent, most accurate and most reliable information on Our Site at all times. However, there may be occasions when some of the information featured on Our Site may contain incomplete data, typographical errors or inaccuracies. Accordingly, pricing, availability and product descriptions are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right to revoke, refuse or cancel any orders placed for products listed at the incorrect price including after an order has been submitted. In the event that Your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and Your order is canceled, We will issue a credit to Your credit card account in the amount of the charge. Errors, omissions and inaccuracies are wholly unintentional and We apologize for the inconvenience in advance.\nAlthough Our Site may be accessible worldwide, We make no representation that the materials on Our Site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. If You choose to access Our Site from other locations, You do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. Any offer for any product, service, and/or information made in connection with Our Site is void where prohibited.\nWe are controlled by Second Power, Inc. from Our offices within the State of New Jersey, United States of America. Our Site can be accessed from all fifty states, as well as from other countries around the world. As each of these places has laws that may differ from those of New Jersey, by accessing Our Site, You agree that the statutes and laws of the State of New Jersey, without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof and the United Nations Convention on the International Sales of Goods, will apply to all matters relating to the use of Our Site and the purchase of products and services available through Our Site. Any action You or any third party might bring in connection with any matters related to Us or Our Site, shall be brought only in either the state or Federal Courts located in New Jersey, and You expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts.\nTHE CHILDREN\u2019S ONLINE PRIVACY ACT\nThe Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the online privacy and personal information of children under 13 years of age. In compliance with this act, We do not promote online to children, and do not intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from children under age 13.\nThis Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between You and Us, and supersedes any prior agreements between You and Us. If any provision under this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions will continue in full force without being impaired or invalidated in any way. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. We may assign Our rights and obligations under this Agreement at any time and without notice to You. The section headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal effect.\nSecond Power, Inc. respects you and will never share your information with anyone under any circumstances.\nIn the event that an item noted as in stock should temporarily be out of stock, we will notify the customer by email with the approximate ship date.\nORDERING AND PAYMENT\nPlease see the FAQ section for details on how we process online payments.\nSecond Power, Inc. collects sales tax only for purchases shipped within the state of New Jersey. The New Jersey sales tax rate is 7%. Sales tax is collected on all items except clothing. Residents in other states are responsible for complying with local or state tax requirements or laws.\nRETURN POLICY AND REFUNDS\nReturns must be made within 15 days of delivery. Prior to making a return, please email us: firstname.lastname@example.org with a description of your problem. A refund will be issued upon receipt of unused merchandise in original condition with a valid purchase receipt. We reserve the right to decline any return if we determine the item shows signs that it has been used. We strongly encourage you to purchase insurance for return shipments, as well as delivery confirmation. We cannot be responsible for return shipments that are lost in transit. Original shipping fees are non-refundable and all costs for return shipment are the responsibility of the customer.\nA 20% restocking fee will be applied to all returns.\nSHIPPING AND HANDLING\nWe offer flat-rate shipping for $8.95 on all orders. Orders are usually processed and shipped within 2 to 3 business days, depending on product availability. Orders placed on weekends will be processed the following business day. Second Power, Inc. is not responsible for service transit time. Transit times are provided by the carrier and may vary with package origin and destination, particularly during peak periods. All orders are shipped via UPS or USPS. All shipping costs are determined by the weight of the items purchased, the method of shipping chosen and the destination address. We cannot ship to a P.O. Box. Please include an alternate address for shipment in such case. Once an order is given to a shipping carrier, the package then becomes that carrier's responsibility and Second Power, Inc. is no longer liable. Please note that all orders shipped via UPS automatically include up to $100 insurance.\nPlease contact us directly for international orders: email@example.com. Second Power, Inc. is not responsible for any international custom and duty fees, taxes or any delays due to customs. These fees are in addition to, and not included in, the cost of shipping. As a business we are obligated to declare all items as merchandise. We are not able to mark items as \"gift\". Additionally, there may be some countries that Second Power, Inc. may not be able to ship to at all", "to mention such things?\nTimmy is nothing but a stooge in every way imaginable. Personally I am very much in favor of President Trump calling things exactly what they are. I don\u2019t see any reason to \u2018sugar-coat\u2019 the obvious. The world needs to know that Communist China did everything possible to keep anyone from finding out about or learning of this virus that began in Wuhan. Because they delayed, many lives have been needlessly lost. Communist China should have much to answer for when this is over. Calling this the Chinese virus or \u2018ChiCom\u2019 virus or anything else that ties it to the Chinese doesn\u2019t bother me in the least. President Trump is simply calling a spade, a spade\nBootlickers like \u2018Little Timmy,\u2019 who have a rather long history of siding with repressive governments wherever they are, have got virtually no business criticizing this president over anything, least of all when it comes to the terms used by the president when discussing the ongoing coronavirus that, whether or not Timmy wants to admit it, has its origin in Communist China. And before he chooses to criticize President Trump, or anyone else, for using inflammatory language perhaps he should first look a little closer to home at those who have spent the majority of the last three years directing nothing but inflammatory language at this president.\nKaine is the perfect example of those on the left continue to hurl all manner of accusations about how President Trump did not respond appropriately or timely and yet they are never able to cite exactly what his specific \u2018missteps,\u2019 might have been. What I see coming from the president is his handling the crisis far better than any other leader, while all I see coming from the Democrats is the same old, tired \u2018Orange Man Bad\u2019 routine. And it continues to disgust me that they seek political opportunity instead of uniting behind the President. And I\u2019m also getting tired of these claims of racism when we all know where it was that this virus originated, in Communist China!\nAnd it tells us all we need to know about the Democrats that they are now, nearly en masse, out in force determined, or so it would seem, in their effort to protect the regime in Communist China against what we all know is fact. The very same regime responsible for unleashing what has become this massive pandemic affecting, with few exceptions, the entire world and all courtesy of its carelessness, its dishonesty, and what was a near complete suppression of all information regarding just how truly dangerous this \u2018coronavirus\u2019 was and remains. That Democrats can find it within themselves to defend such behavior should cause even their supporters to pause.\nThis is the very same Communist China that harvests organs from political prisoners and that continues to steal from us our intellectual property, including secrets from both our military and private businesses. The same Communist China that keeps its people living in fear. And yet, it\u2019s Democrats, like Kaine, who continue to worry more about offending Communist China than forcing the regime admit responsibility for being behind what has led to this global \u2018pandemic.\u2019 I find it nothing short of unbelievable that there are people who continue to vote for them. Democrats continue to make clear what\u2019s in America\u2019s best interest does not concern them.\nKaine is nothing more than a disloyal American which, for a Democrat, is standard operating practice. To chastise the president for daring to criticize Communist China, a country which clearly steals our technology and our secrets and IS the country which lied over and over while this virus grew, really is beyond the pale. Kaine is a waste of skin and needs to stop bashing the president, who is doing a fantastic job, far better than would Timmy\u2019s former running-mate, Hitlery, been able to do. He has gotten rid of all manner of red tape, to help the American people get the medicines they need. What has Kaine, or ANY Democrat, done thus far except to criticize? NOTHING!", "What percentage growth did Rakuten LinkShare report in Q2 year-on-year", "What are the specific goals that One to One Spanish Courses aim to address for participants", "I really believe that. I think you were a broken man yesterday. You\u2019re a broken man today,\u2019 and that\u2019s what I told him. Then he put his chest out and he tried to square off with me. That\u2019s why I freaked out.\u201d\nVettori tried to find anyone willing to fight him in Florida but ultimately had to settle for a rebooking at Saturday\u2019s UFC on ESPN 10, which takes place at UFC Apex and airs live on ESPN and streams on ESPN+.\nThere\u2019s no question it\u2019s a grudge match, but Vettori said he understands the importance of keeping his emotions in check.\n\u201cI just kind of like flipped off on him when he tried to square off on me,\u201d Vettori said. \u201cAt the end of the day, now I\u2019m going to go out, beat him up as brutally as I can, and that\u2019s it.\n\u201cYou\u2019ll see a lot of action, but I\u2019m not stupid. Any high-level fighter, they know you can\u2019t let anger get to your head. I\u2019m not stupid. I\u2019m not a stupid fighter. At the end of the day, you have to think, the worst thing you can do to him is to beat him and walk away with a dominant, super beautiful-fashioned win. That\u2019s it. That\u2019s what I\u2019m going to do.\u201d\nOddsmakers have Vettori installed as a sizable favorite in the contest, currently sitting at around a -230, suggesting a 70 percent probability of winning. That sounds about right to \u201cThe Italian Dream,\u201d who believes he\u2019s going to send a message in this grudge match.\n\u201cIt is a little bit personal,\u201d Vettori said. \u201cIt is personal. It\u2019s just that now, the only thing that I want is for him to step into the cage, and I\u2019ll be happy like this. But it is personal because he messed with my own life. He messed with my coaches\u2019 life. He messed with the whole team.\n\u201cIt was unprofessional and a bunch of things. But I think he\u2019s a solid fighter \u2013 just not on my level. When the level of competition went up for him, he wasn\u2019t able to match the level. That\u2019s what happened. He\u2019s jut not on my level.\u201d", "What are some key features and benefits of the apartment mentioned in the text", "Who won 1st place in the Professional Seafood Gumbo category", "What inspired the author to start saving the selvage when quilting", "What are some of the features of the one bedroom apartment located on Tulse Hill", "West Palm named nation\u2019s most political city per capitaby Andrew Abramson\nIf you felt like like there were non-stop political events in West Palm Beach leading up to last month\u2019s election, you were right.\nEventful, a digital media company that connects people with local events and entertainment, released its annual \u201cMost Eventful Cities Ranking.\u201d The cities are ranked by events per capita.\nIn the category \u201cmost political,\u201d West Palm Beach was ranked No. 1 fo", "are able to concentrate exclusively on the student\u00b4s personal needs.\nOur One to one Spanish Language Courses are ideal for students who wish to learn Spanish in Spain for specific purposes, e.g. business, finance or law. Immerion Spanish Courses in Spain are a popular choice for business and professional people whose time is limited and who may have very special requirements.\nNot only is one-to-one tuition a quicker way of learning, but timetables are much more flexible and can be designed around the student\u2019s other commitments.\nDo you want to learn Spanish quickly or brush up your existing language skills, despite your busy schedule?\nIn this programme you can decide exactly what you want to learn. Lessons can cover General Spanish for example extra pronunciation and speaking practice.\nYou\u2019ll find exactly what you\u2019re looking for with Alhambra Instituto\u2019s \u201dOne to One\u201d Spanish courses:\nWith Individual Instruction Express you have full flexibility with regard to the number of lessons, timetable and length of course.\nSpanish Course One to One Happy Hour with Alhambra Instituto\nSpanish Total Immersion\nSpanish total Immersion is the most effective way of learning Spanish quickly, effectively and efficiently: intensive individual training with 6 lessons per day to ensure quick learning success.\nAdding one-to-one lessons to your existing Spanish course will boost your progress and really improve your fluency.\nClasses start each Monday, together with your main course. Take either 5 or 10 lessons of one-to-one Spanish lessons per week. One-to-one lessons are suitable for all levels, but can really help if you have a low level of Spanish and want to make fast progress.\nWhy choose one-to-one lessons?\n- Individual attention with just one teacher and one student\n- Targeted, fast progress with personal learning plans\n- Improve key areas of your pronunciation, vocabulary and grammar\n- Improve specific areas of the Spanish language for a job or further instruction\nWhy not book one-to-one lessons when you book your main course?\nHow can I book one-to-one Spanish lessons?\nWhen you complete our booking form, simply add one-to-one lessons as an Optional extra to your form.\nWhen will I have a one-to-one lesson?\nIt will be timetabled at the end of your main lessons, adding a further 55 \u2013 110 minutes to your school day. The school\u2019s Coordinator will inform you of your exact schedule soon after your arrival.\nCan I just book one-to-one lessons, without booking a main course?\nYes, you can book an \u201dOne to One Spanish Course\u201d directly in the application online Form.\nPrice List for Individual \u201dOne to One\u201d General Spanish Courses(*)\n|Per week||Tuition price per week|\n|10 lessons||\u20ac 275|\n|15 lessons||\u20ac 410 per week|\n|20 lessons||\u20ac 540 per week|\n|30 lessons||\u20ac 750 per week|\n|View also||\u201dHappy hour One to One\u201d|\n(*) Spanish for Specific Purposes have a supplement in the above prices\nInformation about this Spanish Course\n|Duration||From 1 week|\n|Frequency||minim. 10 lessons per week|\n|Classes||1 student (contact office if you are a family or 2 friends)|\n|Start dates||Any Monday, all year round|\n|Age Range||Minimum 14 years old|\n|Minutes per lesson||55|", "What altitude should inbound flights cross at AKETO, and what should flight crews do if the crossing altitude is not specified", "What types of media has the actor appeared in, and what is he most well known for in New Zealand", "What types of cattle were primarily ranches in northwest Nebraska during the period prior to 1880", "What are the benefits of one-to-one Spanish language courses offered by Alhambra Instituto", "Enter a grandparent's name to get started.\nCattle ranches were the first settlements made in northwest Nebraska. The surplus stock from these ranches was bought by the United States government at good prices, so the business was a profitable one for a few years. To the west of Brown county several large outfits were found very early, previous to 1880: Boiling Springs ranch owned by Carpenter and Morehead; the JP ranch on the Niobrara about twelve miles below Boiling Springs; the Newman ranch twenty-one miles west of Boiling Springs; and the Hunter ranch about due south of where Gordon is now located. The herds owned by these outfits were driven into this country from Texas over the old \u201cChisholm Trail\u201d. They were the Texas longhorns, a breed no longer seen in this state.\nThese ranchers were in continual warfare with the Indians and many lonely graves are found in the hills along the Niobrara river where rest the remains of cowboys who were shot and scalped by Sioux", "What is a suggested unique item for your kitchen mentioned in the text", "When Forgiveness Doesn't Work\nby Donna L. Watkins\nFree to Share\nFree to Share\nSEND A PRIVATE MESSAGE\nHIRE THIS WRITER\nWith forgiveness being recommended now even by the medical world, many are looking for specific steps to be used in forgiveness. There are many \"techniques\" out there and many people have been through all they've read, and faithfully followed through with the suggestions, but still have this burning sting from words that were hurled at them at some time in their life -- or for actions that spoke much louder than words -- and they don't know how to get beyond what \"that person did.\"\nRecently I had a family member choose to dump our relationship because I made a one sentence statement in a gentle tone against listening to him rant about another family member. After instantly hanging up on me, he wrote me a note to cancel plans we had to meet on a future date, and then stopped all communication.\nI had decided to take a stand against listening to \"evil reports\" of other family members and that was grounds for termination in his mind. It seems life holds nothing else for him but to repeat the worst of the tv news, weather or family issues. I didn't see that it was a relationship at all if the only function I was to have in his life was to listen to the ranting and reviling.\nThen I also heard he'd already begun talking about it to other family members. I certainly wasn't surprised that he did, but I was very surprised that it bothered me. I was actually relieved that I took the stand and said that I didn't want to be in the middle of it. Admittedly I was initially delighted that he would no longer be calling 3-4 times a week for those downgrading conversations. The more I would try to add positive comments to these conversations, while trying to honor his position in the family, the more useless I felt about it all. He seemed to think I was a Pollyanna and it was exhausting to find enough Light to cover the Darkness that he chose to talk about.\nSo, why would I feel bad about this with so many obvious benefits for me? My wonderful husband is never lacking with resources on Spiritual issues, so he handed me a booklet called, \"Rewards of Being Reviled,\" by Bill Gothard.\nThe book says that \"reviling comes from a heart of scorn and contempt. It is the spewing out of anger and hatred. It is a verbal attack upon another person, given with deep emotional fervor. Its purpose is to vilify, to defame, to bring shame upon, to discredit, and to attribute evil and sinister motives to what that person says and does. It is to engage in ridicule. To ridicule is to cause others to laugh at a person or his ideas. It is to sneer, scoff, and belittle him. Ridicule is an expression of disdain.\"\nIt talks about all the ridicule and reviling that David experienced and I have always loved Psalms in times of trouble. His enemies provided opportunity for him to be able to write with deep emotion and insight.\nThe cool part of the deal is that the books says, \"Notwithstanding the serious nature of reviling and the severe consequences for those who engage in it, there are great rewards for those who endure reviling and understand God's purposes for allowing it to occur. Matthew 5:12 tells us to \"Rejoice and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven.\"\nIt gave a story of a little girl that had been stung a bark scorpion, the most poisonous scorpion found in Arizona, which results in excruciating pain and numbness, then swelling, physical weakness, dizziness, tightening of the throat, and tingling of limbs.\nSince this had happened before to the mother, they now had a small device that produced a high-voltage, low-current electrical charge. When electrodes from this unit are placed in the area of the sting or bite, they send a positive electrical charge into the victim's bloodstream. This, in turn, neutralizes the venom, which has a negative charge, and renders it harmless. This leaves only a mild soreness for a short time and a small mark of where the scorpion struck.\nProverbs 18:21 says, \"Death and life are in the power of the tongue.\" Reviling is using the power of the tongue for death, and blessing is using the power of the tongue for life. A curse is like a negative charge, and a blessing is the positive charge that neutralizes the destructive nature of the negative charge.\nA verbal blessing is more powerful than a verbal curse because good is more powerful than evil. God is more powerful than Satan, and light is more powerful than darkness.\nOn a mission trip, a student was reviled by the leader during a heated conversati", "By: Michelle Berg\nMy mom has and has always had an incredible work ethic. Starting her career with no formal education past high school meant she was going to face some barriers as she fought to climb the corporate ladder. She worked long hours which meant she wasn\u2019t always at my baseball or basketball games or was able to help me with my homework. But I never resented her. It just was the way it was. She never complained and neither did we.\nBut is that how it\u2019s supposed to work? In order for someone like my mom to have the career that she is so very proud of, should the expectation be that she give up her family time?\nIt seems ludicrous to me and yet, in 2018 I don\u2019t see us any further along than we were in 1998. Most organizations still cut employee\u2019s off completely from email as they go on mat leave and they hardly plan their transition back. When they do come back, they expect them to be running on all cylinders immediately. And that first day a mom calls in sick because their kid is sick, she is often treated similar to have committed a fraudulent crime \u2013 if not in practice but definitely in tone.\nAt the end of the day, businesses need to figure out that women make up a significant part of the workforce and that only 18% of women are childless by the time they reach age 45. Figuring out how to accommodate families must beco", "What did the agency official report regarding a woman's experience with unexpected charges on a music download site", "Who is the actor that plays Jimmy McGill in Better Call Saul Season 1", "What is the significance of the two-year transition plan announced between CBS and Turner regarding the NCAA Final Four games", "Rakuten LinkShare reports 44% growth, with department stores and fashion driving sales\nLondon, UK \u2014 August 22, 2013 \u2014 Today leading CPA network Rakuten LinkShare reveals growth across the network of 44% year-on-year in Q2. This is compared to 17% year-on-year growth across the wider UK e-commerce sector according to the IMRG Capgemini e-Retail Sales Index.\nFashion and shopping at department stores are responsible for much of this growth. Online sales at department stores have nearly doubled across the network when compared to the same period last year, as shoppers consider them a one-stop shop for all their needs. Sales of clothing online also continue to grow, with the network\u2019s fashion clients reporting a 58% increase across the second quarter of the year.\nTo support the growing affiliate programmes across the e-commerce sector, Rakuten LinkShare has now launched an industry-standard certification programme for affiliate programme managers. This educates affiliate managers through a series of video tutorials and articles, tests proficiency across advertiser and publisher dashboards and ensures that affiliate professionals know about the latest technologies and tactics to help them grow and optimise their affiliate programmes. The certification programme is part of Rakuten LinkShare Campus.\nRakuten LinkShare isn\u2019t the only part of the business that\u2019s growing. Rakuten MediaForge, which offers dynamic retargeting services to retailers, has seen rapid expansion. It has experienced over 10-fold growth in the UK from Q1 to Q2 in 2013 due to more brands using the service.\nMark Haviland, MD of Rakuten LinkShare commented: \u201cThe affiliate channel is growing to support the ever-growing popularity of online shopping. This has inspired us to launch our certificati", "ailable for a comment.\nIts iTunes offers downloads of music, games, videos and iPhone applications.\nThe agency official said that in one case \"a woman who registered her ID and credit card number on the music download site several years ago but hadn't used it in recent years received bills of purchases that she wasn't aware of\".\n\"The amount of money she was charged over several bills totalled more than 100,000 yen (1,100 dollars),\" he said.\nJapan's industry and communications ministries have joined the investigation and are looking into whether personal data has been stolen. They have advised customers to carefully check their bills and report any suspicious orders.\nExplore further: Starbucks: Computer outage disrupts sales in US, Canada", "We are still keeping with our snowman theme for the month of January. The only problem here as been thats its very,very, very cold outside and no snow! That makes it hard for going outside to a build snowman so we decided to build a big one on our stand up freezer.\nFor the eyes and buttons I used a circle punch. The carrot nose is a funny shaped triangle cut from a piece of orange paper. And the scarf is a 12 x 12 cut into 3 strips of 4 inches thick.\nWe have also enjoyed snowman suppers made out of pancakes. The eyes and smile are chocolate chips, the buttons are pomegranate seeds, the scarf is a strip of bacon and the \"snow\" is plain yogurt. The kids really thought these were a fun idea.\nIn school we have been playing roll a snowman which the kids really love. I got the idea from this and I used this template to cut the pieces out of cardstock. I did just use a single hole punch for the eyes, cut a crocked triangle for the nose, used 3 matching buttons, paper sticks for the arms and I drew the boots. So really I just used the template for the snowman body. heheh\nSince we do a lot of cookie sheet activities I decided to make the snowman pieces magnetic so they would stick on the cookie sheet. I love", "What comic book series inspired the author at the age of 10", "d provide a better transition for viewers than the abrupt shift from CBS to Turner for the 2014 Final Four.\n\u201cWe agreed it was important that CBS maintain its presence and Turner have the ability to accelerate its presence on Final Four weekend before 2015,\u201d McManus said.\nNeither expressed concern about impact on viewers, given the migration to cable of such events as the BCS national championship game.\nCBS and Turner have not discussed how they will split the regional semifinals and finals beginning next season, and they have not discussed who will call the Final Four games beginning next year.\nCBS has aired the NCAA Final Four since 1982. Jim Nantz has been CBS\u2019 lead Tournament announcer since 1991, so the two-year transition plan announced Tuesday will give him a chance to call 25 NCAA championship games leading into the 2016 switch to Turner.\nThis year\u2019s Tournament drew an average audience of 10.7 million viewers, up 11 percent from 9.6 million in 2012, according to Nielsen.\nFor the majority of viewers who have cable, this is no big deal, of course. But there are a few cord-cutters who will miss out on the Final Four when it\u2019s in a cable year. Sign of the times, I guess", "What ranking did West Palm Beach achieve in the category of 'most political city' according to Eventful's annual report", "By Linda Shore\nUpcycling thru recycling\u2026\nOn 20, Nov 2013 | In Upcycling | By Linda Shore\nmeans upgrading your world by putting old things to a new use.\nHere are two of the many pieces being featured at Berridge Nurseries that are candidates for instantly recycling into your decor.\n\u2013 A circa 1920\u2019s wooden ladder with great yellow paint", "So what do you suppose it is that really has folks such as the failed candidate for vice-president and current U.S. Senator from Virginia, \u2018Little Timmy Kaine, the most concerned? Might it be the fact that there are more Americans who are likely to die from the \u2018ChiCom virus,\u2019 or might it be, instead, that the leaders of the Communist regime in China might get their feelings hurt when President Trump refers to, and rightfully so, this virus as the \u201cChinese virus?\u201d Never mind, that\u2019s really a rhetorical question because most anyone who is the least bit familiar with Kaine\u2019s rather shady past associations with known leftists already knows the answer to that question.\nBut for those who are not all that familiar with this man who finds it so easy to attack our president and to defend a communist regime, it might be worth it to take a look at Kaine\u2019s little \u2018mission/field\u2019 trip to Honduras back in 1980 during which he embraced the Marxist-based, heretical strategy of \u2018liberation theology.\u2019 In so doing we would discover Kaine\u2019s political formation wasn\u2019t pro-American or pro-Catholic, what it was, was pro-Soviet. And as we set about in our effort to connect the dots buried within Kaine\u2019s personal history it\u2019s a rather alarming picture that soon emerges regarding his \u2018adventures\u2019 with radicals and revolutionaries in 1980s Latin America.\nIt was then that Timmy embraced not some reconstituted, post-Marxist version, but the hardcore, Cold War variety, an avowed Marxist ideology detrimental to the institutional Catholic Church and to the United States. So I would argue that we have more than sufficient reason to call into question the ease with which Timmy willingly chooses to side with the Communist regime in China over our sitting U.S. president, as well as the American People. So the more we find out about the man the less we are all that surprised by his behavior. Behavior that should not be considered as acceptable when coming from a U.S. Senator, and would not be if he weren\u2019t a Democrat.\nAnyway, it was during a speech on the Senate floor earlier this week that Kaine said, \u201cOne more thing, quit the inflammatory China-bashing. Did this virus originate in China? Yes. But Mr. President, that does not excuse your weeks and weeks of tweeting lies and misinformation about the virus, while the leaders of other nations were taking steps to make sure their populations could be safe. The fact that the virus originated in China does not excuse the massive missteps that have led to the United States being so far behind other nations in the world in the ability to provide testing, basic testing to citizens, including citizens who have serious signs of illness.\u201d\nAnd he said, \u201cThe president\u2019s decision to call this China virus or Wuhan virus or other epithets that he and members of his team use are a crass effort to deflect blame away from the acceptance of responsibility that a president should do. The buck stops with you, Mr. President. You cannot blame this on anyone else. You have to own responsibility and you should stop inflammatory China-bashing that is exposing Asian Americans in this country to prejudice.\u201d I fail to understand what\u2019s wrong with calling this virus exactly what it is. This virus started in Communist China and had they chosen not to hide it for as long as they did things would now be very different.\nAnd of course Kaine laid all responsibility for any delays in America\u2019s response at the president\u2019s feet. But also, as expected, Kaine made virtually no mention of the fact that in mid-January, both Communist China and the World Health Organization were still emphatically assuring the rest of the world that the \u2018Chinese virus\u2019 could NOT be spread person-to person. And Timmy also failed to mention Dr. Anthony Fauci\u2019s claim that President Trump\u2019s early decision to close off travel from Communist China, and later Europe, may have bought the U.S. time in dealing with the crisis that other nations did not have. But hey, why would Timmy bother", "r hosting the most events per capita. Ft. Lauderdale and Tampa were ranked No. 2 and 3 while Pittsburgh and Henderson, Nevada rounded out the top 5. West Palm has just under 100,000 residents.\nAside from numerous congressional rallies in West Palm, President Obama made an appearance at the Palm Beach County Convention Center in West Palm as well as at Century Village in suburban West Palm. Obama gave a shout out to West Palm Beach Mayor Jeri Muoio both times", "What happens if you take sleeping pills everyday?\nIf you\u2019re taking sleeping pills, it\u2019s important to only use them with your doctor\u2019s OK and according to his or her instructions. If you take them too often, they can actually make your sleep problems worse.\nIs it safe to take a sleeping pill every night?\nIs It Safe To Take Sleeping Pills Every Night? Most experts agree that sleep aids should not be used long-term. Sleeping pills are best used for short-term stressors, jet lag, or similar sleep problems.\nWhat side effects do sleeping pills have on your body?\nOver-the-counter and prescription sleeping pills (and supplements) can cause these side effects:\n- Constipation or diarrhea.\n- Dry mouth.\n- Muscle weakness.\n- Digestive problems, including gas, heartburn and nausea.\nIs it unhealthy to take sleeping pills?\nSleeping pills work best and are safest if you use them for a short time along with lifestyle changes. Research shows that lifestyle and behavior changes are the best long-term choice to help you sleep well. Sleeping pills may have side effects, such as daytime drowsiness and nausea.\nDo sleeping pills shorten your lifespan?\nBut adults who take sleeping pills in even small numbers over their lifetimes may be nearly four times more likely to die earlier compared to those who are not prescribed sleeping pills, according to new findings published Monday in the British Medical Journal.\nWhat happens if you take a sleeping pill and stay awake?\nStaying awake after taking a sleeping pill can cause dangerous side effects to s", "What are the key different types of material behavior described in the text, and how do they respond to applied stress", "What challenges did Michelle Berg's mother face in her career due to her work ethic and family commitments", "numerous paintings, including some space scenes. Using their new skills, the children drew their cosmos the way they see it. They discovered how to use various drawing and paint-mixing techniques, named their paintings, and told one another about their unique planets.\nFor the Moscow office of BEITEN BURKHARDT, this event was a precious experience, giving us the chance to see the universe through the eyes of children in addition to our day-to-day legal work.\nBEITEN BURKHARDT has been supporting the Kolomna Social Rehabilitation Centre for Minors for more than 10 years. The Kolomna Centre helps orphans and children from low-income, single-parent, and disadvantaged families that have found themselves in difficult circumstances. Children from the age of 3 to 17 without parental support live at the Centre on a permanent basis, while children from disadvantaged families study here during the day. Over the past 20 years, the Centre has helped more than 6,000 children and adolescents to believe in themselves, become part of society, develop their talents, and restore their self-confidence. Contact information for those wishing to donate to the Centre: 97A Lenina St., Kolomna, tel.: 8 (496) 612 31 64, https://deti-pomosch.ru/", "that would make a wonderful point of display for a special collection.\n\u2013 If you\u2019re looking for something unique for your kitchen, how about a small butcher block topped table that incorporates a vintage sewing machine base which could serve as a practical but fun chopping block?\nOur motto? Spend your money wisely \u2013 recycle & upcycle.", "Subject: I have found a DVD that I think you would enjoy\n|Better Call Saul Season 1|\nActor: Bob Odenkirk\nBefore Saul Goodman met Walter White, he was struggling attorney Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk). In this prequel to the Emmy-winning series Breaking Bad, Jimmy teams up with Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks) and begins his tr... more \u00bb\nS", "About this property\n** STAMP DUTY EXEMPT FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS**\nLocated in this sought after development on Tulse Hill is this charming second floor, one bedroom apartment. The property features a well proportioned reception room that is large enough to house a dining space and shares the area with a well planned kitchen, with fitted oven and gas hob. The bedroom is a good sized double with ample room to hold a large wardrobe and bed with room left over. The bathroom is tiled with shower cubicle. The flat has a light and airy feel to it, complemented by oak flooring to the bedroom, hallway", "What is the primary function of Rakuten LinkShare within the marketing industry", "Tom Sainsbury, actor, comedian, writer and NZ\u2019s famous \u2018snap chat dude\u2019 appears in an upcoming\nepisode of True Story with Hamish and Andy, the hit comedy show from Aussie duo Hamish Blake and Andy Lee.\nThe episode will be broadcast in NZ on Thursday 21 December and is a stellar chance for us to\nappreciate his acting and comedic talents already screened to an international audience. Tom has been active in the creative indu", "What essential things do babies need according to the text", "Get Theory of Elasticity essential facts below. View Videos or join the Theory of Elasticity discussion. Add Theory of Elasticity to your PopFlock.com topic list for future reference or share this resource on social media.\nTheory of Elasticity\nBranch of mechanics concerned with solid materials and their behaviors\nSolid mechanics is a vast subject because of the wide range of solid materials available, such as steel, wood, concrete, biological materials, textiles, geological materials, and plastics.\nA solid is a material that can support a substantial amount of shearing force over a given time scale during a natural or industrial process or action. This is what distinctly distinguishes solids from fluids, because fluids also support normal forces which are those forces that are directed perpendicular to the material plane across from which they act and normal stress is the normal force per unit area of that material plane. Shearing forces in contrast with normal forces, act parallel rather than perpendicular to the material plane and the shearing force per unit area is called shear stress.\nTherefore, solid mechanics examines the shear stress, deformation and the failure of solid materials and structures.\nThe most common topics covered in solid mechanics include:\nstability of structures - examining whether structures can return to a given equilibrium after disturbance or partial/complete failure\ndynamical systems and chaos - dealing with mechanical systems highly sensitive to their given initial position\nthermomechanics - analyzing materials with models derived from principles of thermodynamics\nbiomechanics - solid mechanics applied to biological materials e.g. bones, heart tissue\ngeomechanics - solid mechanics applied to geological materials e.g. ice, soil, rock\nvibrations of solids and structures - examining vibration and wave propagation from vibrating particles and structures i.e. vital in mechanical, civil, mining, aeronautical, maritime/marine, aerospace engineering\nfracture and damage mechanics - dealing with crack-growth mechanics in solid materials\nA material has a rest shape and its shape departs away from the rest shape due to stress. The amount of departure from rest shape is called deformation, the proportion of deformation to original size is called strain. If the applied stress is sufficiently low (or the imposed strain is small enough), almost all solid materials behave in such a way that the strain is directly proportional to the stress; the coefficient of the proportion is called the modulus of elasticity. This region of deformation is known as the li", "This is by far the hardest post I have ever written.\nIt\u2019s not because the topic is difficult to talk about or taboo. (Oh a \u2018mummy blog\u2019! That\u2019s what I should do! I don\u2019t think anyone has done that yet..)\nAnd it\u2019s not because I have come to some deep dark realisations about motherhood that I need to now gracefully divulge and expose.\nIt\u2019s not EVEN because the baby is asleep, I am showered & fed \u2026 and would quite frankly rather take this opportunity to watch Episode 7, Season 2, of Orange Is The New Black. (Although, this is also true.)\nBut it\u2019s actually because \u2026. my brain in moosh. Mash potato pie. Peas and gravy.\nHOWEVER! Bravely, I soldier on. In an effort to not let down my lovely little online community (or to lose my sweet sweet URL)\u2026 I am instead going to lose my affection for perfection and \u2026 just \u2026 roll.\nSo here goes.\nI love my little dumpling daughter. She is adorable and giggly. We got lucky with this one. She has been sleeping through the night for just over a week now (since 9 weeks, read it and weep suckers) and henceforth I feel less like Shrek and more like Michelle McCarthy. Except her name is Melissa. (Just googled it) Moving on.\nOn the overall, Baby Montasarus is easy and breezy. Especially in her nappy. There is quite a lot of frequent flatulence is what I am saying here.\nShe is very smart. She already knows how to smile into an iPhone camera (I know I know, settle down Byron Bay, she lives on a beach in the islands she will be oooookkkaaaay). She has recently taken quite a liking to her right arm. The better of the two obviously.\nI have learnt a lot in the past 11 weeks. As one would hope. Rearing the young is not for the learning procrastinators. There\u2019s nothing like poo your hair to give you motivation.\nI have systems in place. Tricks of the trade. Nappies folded into the lining of my fancy handbag. We have spare clothes hidden in the cracks and corners of things I didn\u2019t even know existed.\nWe have 35 thousand baby blankets. And as previously mentioned, we live in the islands. So this was perhaps a purchasing oversight. Moving on.\nI am drinking again. Hallelujah. I had a big night when baby turned One Month old. To celebrate my 11 month detox. (Did you know technically babies are actually inside you for 10 months\u2026 since you need to FINISH your 9th month to get to your due date?? This was something that FASCINATED me when I was RELISHING my time as a bloated vomit machine)\nAnyway, don\u2019t worry mums, pre-aforementioned-big-night-out I pumped milk for days in prep. I sweated and toiled over the milking machine. And since my baby is a genius, she took to the bottle like teen to a vodka cruiser. She loved it. AND\u2026 she loved coming back to the boob too. (Sorry booooout it) So yes. Now we have another little non-committal, routine rejecter in the family. Wonder. Where. She. Got. It. #freespirit (And Free Spirits for mummy!!! \u2026 except for that I pay for them. Moving on.)\nAll in all, being a mum is better than I ever dreamt. It\u2019s hard. But not like how they make it out to be in the movies. (Unlike everything else \u2026 which is depicted so perfectly.)\nIt\u2019s tiring for sure. One day I was so over it, I threw a chair. I also gently placed my iPhone on the ground and then kicked it lightly, so it was dramatically across the other side of the room, but the screen was protected.\nI understand now why parents say it\u2019s a job. It is. But it doesn\u2019t have to be a boring one.\nThe hours are long but the payment plan is pretty good. Especially if you are like me and steal cash from your baby daddy\u2019s wallet. #hardtruths.\nSo I guess my underlying message is.. GO OUT AND GET PREGNANT!\nHa. Kidding. Most ya\u2019ll are definitely not ready. (Please cease paying $600 weekly rent in Bondi first per favore.)\nBut if you do decide you want a little mini me (of your own.. not a mini-matisse.. I\u2019m done for now)\u2026 HERE ARE SOM", "How much paper does the average American use per year", "re chosen in a blind taste test.\nJudges included people like District Attorney Hillar Moore.\nThe Winners are as follows:\nProfessional Seafood Gumbo: 1st Place, The Chimes\nProfessional Sausage Gumbo: 1st Place, All Star Catering\nAmateur Sausage Gumbo: 1st Place, Brian Clayton\nPeople's Choice Seafood Gumbo: 1st Place, TJ Ribs\nPeople's Choice Sausage Gumbo: 1st Place, Hunter Guidr", "What is suggested as a candidate for upcycling at Berridge Nurseries", "E EXCELLENT TIPS\n1- Already mentioned the rent.\n2-When buying onesies\u2026 make sure you get the ones you can place the child ONTO and do up AROUND them. Nobody has time for this \u2018over the head\u2019 bull. Zippers are preferable. Let me explain:\n3- The hospital says all you need to wipe pooey bums is wet cotton balls. They are wrong. Actual wipes\u2026 (believe it or not)\u2026 do a much better job. (Which isn\u2019t difficult, because ironically cotton balls, suck balls)\n4- Okay this is serious. Zip-up swaddles. Genius. Also the reason I am a semi normal person again. Time is money, and NOBODY has time to be making kebabs out of little kicking and punching munchkins at 2am, 4am, 6am, 8am\u2026 need I continue? Once the angel gets used to the zip-up swaddle, they will know it means bed-time and off they go to beautiful dreamland. If they are as brilliant as my kid, they will then sleep for 7 hours. (It\u2019s my blog, I\u2019ll say what I want about my child being the best.)\n5- ALSO SERIOUS. the Haakka milk suction cup. GENIUS. When I am feeding little gorgeousface, I put the suction cup on the other boob. I get up to 90 mils without doing a damn thing. 90mils = one feed = a margarita. Product sold.\nAND HERE \u2026 I SHALL HELP YOU WITH EMOTIONS\u2026\n1- There are going to be times, when you feel fat, ugly, really sticky, angry & alone. When that happens, get out of the nightclub, get a cab, and make your way back to you family\u2026\n\ud83d\ude09 No but seriously. Some days with your baby are going to feel really foreign. Like you are waiting for the real parents to get back, so you can get your babysitting bucks and go to the movies.\nBut like everything, it passes. I promise. Everything is a phase. Even everything your baby does and is, is just a phase. I am already missing my little tiny newborn \u2026 and I haven\u2019t even had time to take my toenail polish off. You will be okay.\n2- Mums dont quit.\nOkay. Yes. I stole this from the movie \u2018Bad Moms\u2019. But it\u2019s true. You don\u2019t get to resign and you wouldn\u2019t want to. That\u2019s our job and it\u2019s never going back up on seek.com. But the good news is. You aren\u2019t the employee\u2026you are the god damn CEO. So if things aren\u2019t working. Change them. Hell, fire some people. Buy a ping pong table.\n3- There is no RIGHT answer.\nMy own supermumma Mother taught me this. When searching relentlessly online about carriers, strollers, carseats, immunisations (sit down Byron Bay I told you once), don\u2019t keep looking for the RIGHT answer. No one is going to tell you, THIS IS THE WAY YOU HAVE TO DO IT. Research is always changing, opinions are always changing, trends are always changing (and unfortunately this last one is the one that drives the Capitalist Mummy Market the most). So don\u2019t think that you have to keep looking until one option is PERFECT. You wont find it. If you protect your kids from polio, you won\u2019t be able to hang out with Alicia Silverstone. It\u2019s just the way it is. It\u2019s a fine balance. (You will however be able to get your kids into schools.)\nSo do your research.\nMake an INFORMED decision.\nThen BACK YOURSELF.\nBe okay with other (frequently voiced) opinions.\nThen back yourself again.\nThen when that\u2019s all done and you\u2019re feeling good, go home, make a smoothie and watch Orange is The New Black with your daughter safely cooing in your arms\u2026 and don\u2019t worry about the affects of screen time (about violent sexual female prison) on a 11 week old. It\u2019s all good.\nOr as I like to say (and would like you all to start saying also) it\u2019s \u201d Setto in The Ghetto.\u201d (copyright: Matisse)\n4- Babies need 4 things. To be fed. To be clean. To be safe. To be loved.\nBut \u2026 like everything else up in this heezy\u2026 that\u2019s just my opinion.\nSo go forth and make children. (This is mostly directed at my friends in Australia & abroad as it seems that everyone is Fiji is having babies anyway. I\u2019m not saying I\u2019m trendsetter. But really I am.)\nLots of love from Monty & Me!", "What should you do to prevent contamination in recycling bins on campus", "Russian Protesters Do not Trust Medvedev and the System\nIf Russian President Dmitry Medvedev believed that his reform package was going to assuage the protest movement, then the more powerful demonstrations throughout Russia today should have disabused him.\nThe reform package proposed by Medvedev was extensive: It included restoring directly elected governors (currently appointed by the Kremlin), allowing them to acquire an independent power base and mature into genuine contenders for the presidency.\nA politically independent public television station would be created (Medvedev also promised that in the digital television age there would be many more channels); requirements for parties and presidential candidates to get on the ballot would be liberalized.\nThe problem is that these proposed reforms came too late. The reforms will only affect the next national elections for parliament and president and assuming that both president and parliament complete their terms in office, this is 5 years down the road.\nWhen reforms appear to be granted as a result of popular pressure it creates an appetite for more demands. Both these factors coalesce into the demand, uniting protesters from different political backgrounds the call for new elections.\nAnother reason the demonstrators were unimpressed is that Medvdev is a lame-duck president who has less than 3 months in office. Even when Dmitry Medvedev made noises about running for a second term, he was", "VOR 14/VOR 32\nVOR 14 steep glidepath 3.4 degrees.\nATC. Expect last minute holding instruction.\nKefallinia is a minor airfield located south of Corfu. Coordination between Athens, Andravida and Kefallinia is unpredictable.\nExpect initial descent clearance from Athens Control with late handover to Andravida approach. Late changes of STAR clearance can be expected, with the most commonly used arrival procedures via AKETO. Typical clearance would be ASTUS 1G/1P. Onward clearance from Andravida is required before proceeding beyond AKETO. Expect late handover when approaching AKETO, which frequently involves last minute holding instructions, even during periods of light traffic density and good weather. Despite not being depicted on the STAR, and frequently not specified in the descent", "What kind of support has BEITEN BURKHARDT provided to the Kolomna Social Rehabilitation Centre for Minors", "o dry completely may be recycled with the metal cans at the Recycle Center at 5600 Tonsgard Crt.\n- Metals (Ferrous steel): For a charge Capitol Disposal Waste Management (landfill) will accept ferrous steel (780-7801).\n- Metals (Non-Ferrous): Brass, copper,aluminum and radiators are collected by Auke Bay Cans. No steel (789-9407). Waste Management (780-7801) also accepts scrap metal.\n- Phone Books: Capitol Disposal, Waste Management 's Recycling Center at 5600 Tonsgard Crt. accepts phone books in with the Mixed Paper container.\nPlastic Bags: Reuse at major grocery store (often for a discount) or deposit clean bags into\nthe bins locate at A&P Grocery and at Fred Meyer, or donate to the Salvation Army Thrift Store. Also the Recycling Center accepts plastic bags.\n- Plastics Six-pack Rings: Take to Juneau Wholesale in good condition for re-use. 2601 Channel Drive (789-5919)\n- Printer/Toner: Toner, copy ribbon, and cartridges may be recycled through the BEP Company (789-2230)\nor WOTM (789-1777). BEP also remanufactures toner cartridges, refills inkjet cartridges, and\nre-inks printer ribbons.\n- Shipping Materials: Peanuts or bubble wrap, large boxes that holds shipping art work can be recycled at Taku Graphics (780-6310) near Lemon Creek at 5763 Glacier Hwy.; Annie Kaill's bubble wrap (586-2880) at 244 Front Street or any store or art gallery that mails items.\n- Tires: For a charge Les Schwab or Capitol Disposal Waste Management (landfill) will accept old tires. (Les Schwab789-0380 or WM 780-7801)\n- Used Cooking Oil: CBJ Household Hazardous Waste facility.\n- Vehicles: Please call Skookum (723-7579) & Capitol Disposal Waste Management (780-7801), for more information.\n- Waste Oil (household): Five gallons per household per month are accepted free at\nscheduled HHW facility", "What changes are being implemented in Voyageurs National Park regarding camping for kayakers", "me a bigger priority for businesses. The employee experience needs to be approached from a design perspective \u2013 leaders must lead with empathy for what it\u2019s like to come back to work and programming must demonstrate real value back to new moms (and let\u2019s face it, all parents). It\u2019s not just about a work from home program either. Any mom will tell you that DEFINITELY isn\u2019t the answer. But it is about creativity and innovation.\nSo \u2013 to all mother\u2019s working or not \u2013 Happy Mother\u2019s Day. You have earned the hardest and yet most rewarding job ever. Stop beating yourself up. And just remember there are no job descriptions or handbooks for this role. There are no performance reviews that are tied to higher compensation. Your kids can\u2019t really fire you. And fortunately (or unfortunately), you can\u2019t really resign from your post either. But working mom\u2019s do have a voice that can be louder as part of a collective community. Just check out fairygodboss.com for an online community looking to make that difference.\nBy the way\u2026any stories out there of organizations who have gotten it really right (or really wrong) for working mom\u2019s (or dad\u2019s who took the time off)? Would love to share and collaborate on any approaches that are being implemented to change how moms transition out and back into a company!\nLet us help you reimagine your HRContact Us", "What degrees does Danila Serra hold and from which institutions did she obtain them", "Adventures of a Novelty Fabric and Selvage Obsessed Quilter\nGlad you stopped by!\nI am a busy wife and the mom of 19 year old twins, a boy and a girl who are Sophomores at Syracuse University.\nI have been quilting since the spring of 2008. I love novelty fabrics, colorful and unique.\nSelvage quilting is addictive! Who knew the \"junk\" we cut off and threw out would be what I now save! I started a new tradition when I travel--visiting quilt stores! I particularly enjoy going to stores", "What is the focus and target audience of the QCon conference", ".\nEach year the Sioux became more dissatisfied and warlike. Many treaties were made with them by commissioners sent out by the United States government, but they were made only to be broken, both the government and the Indians: being equally faithless. Due to the loss of their buffalo herds, the Indians were starving. They blamed the white settlers: for their troubles, and as these troubles increased so did their hatred of the white race, though in earlier days the Sioux were friendly to white men.\nBy terms of a treaty signed in 1868 the Black Hills had been ceded to the Sioux Indians. After gold was discovered in the Hills in 1874 no further efforts were made to keep the white men out of the Hills. The Indians had broken their part of the treaty, and the government knew that the mines would never be worked by the Indians, so the entire agreement was set aside. (The Sioux are still trying to collect large sums of money in payment of their claims to the Black Hills.", "very good with words but not very good about walking the walk and putting these ideas into practice.\nThe protesters could already read in the Russian press objections to the reforms. Leon Polyakov, a political scientist from the Superior School of Economics, warned that if implemented, the proposed Medvedev reforms could restore Russia to the political system of 1990s associated with instability and economic suffering. Polyakov reminded his readers that during the not so gay 1990s, parties were used as a cloak for businesses and money laundering and they proliferated by the hundreds.\nThe opposition is also worried that it is one thing to liberalize the requirements, it is another thing to decide that the requirements have been met. If Putin's henchmen decide to invalidate a candidate, they can simply challenge some of the signatures on nominating petitions and disqualify it.\nA final suspicion is that Russia may be heading for the 1990s but it should be recalled that Russia was hardly democratic during Boris Yeltsin's presidency after he had won his confrontation with Parliament in 1993. It actually may make sense to allow the opposition to capture parliament, as under the Yeltsin Constitution the President is all powerful. This way the opposition in parliament can be blamed for things. One of the problems of the current system is that since Putin and company hold all the levers of power, there is nobody else to blame when things go wrong.", "on. The incident hurt and shocked her and weeks later she was still emotionally involved in the incident while continuing to rehearse the reviler's words in her mind and feeling the pain each time she did.\nShe had forgiven this leader, but her emotions were rooted deeper than her words and her forgiveness was hollow and insincere. As time passed, her wound only became more infected. Her forgiveness was a surface response that she knew was Biblical and right, but it did not reach the venom that was surging through her emotional veins. The venom of reviling is long-lasting.\nOne day she heard a message on the power of verbal blessings and why it is essential for us to bless those who curse us. She understood this concept, and that night she could not fall asleep until she verbally blessed the leader who had reviled her.\nSince then, she has continued to have freedom in her spirit from the hurts of this past event. She also has a deeper walk with the Lord as a result of this experience.\nHow do we do this?\nScripture provides words that can be used: Numbers 6:24-26: \"The Lord bless thee, and keep thee: The Lord make His face to shine up on thee, and be gracious unto thee: The Lord lift up His countenance upon thee, and give thee peace.\"\nWhen we ask God to bring His benefits to the lives of revilers, we are blessing them. I have often looked back at some of the genetic options of my family tree and can easily say, \"There but for the grace of God, go I.\" It certainly makes it easier to have mercy and grace on others who have not chosen to walk out of circumstances and generational curses.\nMy prayer for blessings my enemies is that those blessings will overcome the darkness of the curses that have caused them to be so angry. If you will look back on the situation you struggle with, you will find ways that God blessed you because of it.\nLet me give you a personal example that Bill Gothard shared in his booklet mentioned above. He writes, \"When attendance at the Basic Youth Conflicts Seminar first began to multiply, it was something of a phenomenon and was certainly a surprise to me. I could not explain it and was therefore hesitant to talk about it to reporters. They assumed that this constituted secrecy, and two Christian magazines published articles of a defamatory nature.\n\" I called the writer of the first article and tried to explain what I thought he had misunderstood. He reacted, and matters became worse. When the second article was published, God prompted me to have a different response. I called the writer. When he learned that I was on the phone, he cautiously answered. I then said, 'I have called to tell you how God has used your articles to benefit my life and ministry.\" He was totally surprised and said, 'Oh?' I continued and explained that God had used his article to do a work in my life, and in the ministry in three very positive ways.\n\" First, I was forced to reexamine what I was teaching and how people perceived what I was saying. Second, it unified the people who had been to the seminar and knew that the article reflected a misunderstanding of what was being taught. Third, as a result of this reviling, people had sent in thousands of dollars to encourage me and to support the seminar ministry.\n\" I'm sure the writer was not expecting this response. He became warm and friendly, and thanked me for my call. God has blessed both of our ministries since that day .... and today I consider him a friend.\"\nMy prayer is that this will allow you to give some thought to another approach to your memories and wounds. Ask God to first show you good that has come from it. Ask him to let you see how He has used it for good in your life as Romans 8 promises. Then, take the above suggestion from Scripture and choose to bless the person every time the memory returns.\nPLEASE ENCOURAGE AUTHOR, LEAVE COMMENT ON ARTICLE\nRead more articles by Donna L. Watkins or search for other articles by topic below.\nSearch for articles on: (e.g. creation; holiness etc.)Read more by clicking on a link:\nMain Site Articles\nMost Read Articles\nHighly Acclaimed Challenge Articles.\nNew Release Christian Books for Free for a Simple Review.\nGod is Not Against You - He Came on an All Out Rescue Mission to Save You\n...in Christ God was reconciling the world to himself, not counting their trespasses against them... 2 Cor 5:19\nTherefore, my friends, I want you to know that through Jesus the forgiveness of sins is proclaimed to you. Acts 13:38\nLEARN & TRUST JESUS HERE\nThe opinions expressed by authors do not necessarily reflect the opinion of FaithWriters.com.", "Japanese authorities plan to summon Apple officials this week over complaints that its iTunes online store has billed customers for downloads they never made, officials said Monday.\nIn at least 95 cases in Japan involving five major credit card companies, iTunes customers said they had sometimes been charged thousands of dollars, they said.\n\"We have seen such cases increasing, notably since autumn last year,\" said an official with Japan's Consumer Affairs Agency.\n\"The damage in those cases seems to range from a few hundred yen to several hundred thousand yen (from several dollars to several thousand dollars).\"\nApple Japan -- the local unit of the Californian maker of the iPod, iPhone and new iPad tablet computer -- was not immediately av", "What key reforms does President Dmitry Medvedev's package propose", "What should leaders consider to improve the employee experience for working parents, according to the text", "What conclusions does the author draw about Tim Kaine's political associations and his behavior regarding the COVID-19 pandemic", "cularly interested in edge-cases and the cultural interaction between hierarchical management and Agile teams.\nQCon is a conference that is organized by the community, for the community.The result is a high quality conference experience where a tremendous amount of attention and investment has gone into having the best content on the most important topics presented by the leaders in our community.QCon is designed with the technical depth and enterprise focus of interest to technical team leads, architects, and project managers", "How does the author relate their view of fate to Harvey Comics' Man In Black", "What are the potential long-term effects of taking sleeping pills regularly", "What is Second Power, Inc.'s policy regarding the accuracy of information on their website", "What issue led to the confrontation between Vettori and Roberson before their scheduled fight", "computer scanning old comic books and posting them on a blog. It's fate, I tell ya! At the age of 10, poring over Bob Powell's great artwork and the intriguing premise of Man In Black I could not have foreseen my future, but I remember reading the comic, wondering what fate held in store for me.\nI showed you Man in Black #1 in Pappy's #822.\nFrom Man in Black #2, 1957:", "What is the author's overall feeling about motherhood based on their experiences in the text", "What features does the one-bedroom apartment at Oxford Point include", "Which city ranked first in hosting the most events per capita in the text segment", "Official Website of Mr. Ken Anderson\nProfessional Wrestler, Actor, Entertainer\nPlease read this page. This page states the Terms and Conditions (\"Terms\") under which you, the website visitor (\"You\" or \"Your\" or \"Yourself\") may use this website (\"Our Site\"), which is owned and operated by Second Power, Inc. (\"We\" or \"Us\" or \"Our\"). By using this website, You agree to be bound by all of the Terms and Conditions set forth below. If You do not accept these Terms and Conditions, please do not use this website. We may, in Our sole discretion, revise these Terms and Conditions at any time; therefore, You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions. Having such access to and use of the Site (including the content of such Site) through Us is collectively referred to as \"the Service(s).\" PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SITE. You may use Our Site for legal purposes only. Your rights to use this Site may be further limited by federal law or the laws or regulations in your particular state or locality.\nYOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS\nTHE RIGHTS WE GRANT TO YOU\nThe contents of this website, such as text, graphics, images, video and other content (the \"Site Material\"), are protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. We authorize You, non-exclusively and non-transferably, to view and download a single copy of the Site Material for Your personal use. This authorization is not a transfer of title in the Site Content or copies of the Site Content. Unauthorized use of the Site Material violates copyright, trademark, and other laws. You agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Site Material on any copy You make of such material. You may not sell or modify Our Site Material or reproduce, display, distribute, or The names, marks and logos included in the Site Material are, unless otherwise noted, registered and/or common law trademarks owned by or licensed to Us. Marks not belonging to Us belong to their respective third party owners and We claim no rights in them. The use of these marks or the Site Material, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is prohibited.\nYou acknowledge that the Service contains \"Site Content,\" which collectively refers to any of the following owned by Us: any text, graphics, images, information, software, audio and video clips, links, logos, icons, and other material, including but not limited to proprietary and confidential information, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, trade dress, service marks and trademarks, including the Marks (as defined below). Any Site Content owned by Us is referred to herein as \"Our Site Material.\" Our Site Material may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. We reserve the right to make changes and updates to any information contained on Our Site without prior notice.\nWhile we make every reasonable effort to accurately display details and colors, we cannot control the nuance of colors across all computer screens and are not responsible for variations of color from what you saw on a computer screen from the actual product.\nRIGHTS TO THE SITE CONTENT\nAll Site Content, in whole or in part, is protected by all applicable copyright laws, international conventions or treaties, and any other intellectual property or proprietary laws, and, unless in the public domain, or unless otherwise stated, is owned by Us, whether or not such rights are expressly identified in, or in connection with, such Site Content. You understand and agree that You may not remove, alter or cover any copyright or other proprietary notices placed on Our Site. No other license to use any of the Site Content is given or implied without Our prior written consent. You may not transfer the Site Content to any other person unless You give him or her notice of, and s/he agrees to accept, the obligations arising under these Terms. You agree that You will not refer to or attribute any information to Us in any public medium (regardless of form) for advertising, public relations, marketing or other purpose (including informing or influencing any third party). Unless otherwise specified hereunder, You may not sell, rent, modify, reproduce, display, distribute, redistribute, retransmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit or otherwise use the Site Content, in whole or in part, in any way without Our prior written consent. The names, marks, logos and/or text appearing on the Site Content (\"Marks\") are registered and unregistered trademarks owned by Us and protected under all applicable laws. Unless otherwise specified hereunder, such Marks may not be used in any way that is not expressly authorized by Us, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among the public about Us or Our business, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Us. You agree that You will not copy or reproduce any Mark of Ours to imply an endorsement by or relationship with Us.\nUSER RULES AND USER INFORMATION\nAs a user of the Service, You agree to carefully read and abide by the Agreement, including any user rules of conduct as specified below. You must be over 18 to access and use Our Site and Services. If You are over 18, You agree to take full and active responsibility to prevent the use of Our Site and Services by any children under 18 You may be responsible for as a parent or legal guardian. If You are under 18, You may not access and use the Site and Services without Your parent's or legal guardian's supervision.\nIMPROPER USE OF OUR SITE\nYou may not introduce any material into Our Site that contains any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, or other computer programming routines that may damage, interfere with, or appropriate Our Site or any information residing on Our Site. If You use, or attempt to use, Our Site or its Content for improper purposes including without limitation tampering, hacking, modifying, or otherwise corrupting the security of Our Site, You will be responsible for all damages including, but not limited to, criminal prosecution and civil and criminal penalties.\nDISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES\nAlthough We strive for accuracy in all elements of the Site Material, it may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. We make no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the material on this website or about the results to be obtained from using Our Site. You use Our Site and its material at Your own risk. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEB SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE WEB SITE AND ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL MATERIAL. IF YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE OR THE SITE'S MATERIAL RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, WE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. THIS WEB SITE AND ITS MATERIAL ARE PROVIDED ON AN \"AS IS\" AND \"AS AVAILABLE\" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. WE AND OUR AFFILIATES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES' RIGHTS, AND OF FITNESS FOR A PART", "clearance,Andravida may be implicitly expecting inbound flights to cross AKETO at 8000ft altitude. Flights not able to meet the restriction can expect to be directed hold at AKETO. If a crossing altitude at AKETO has not been specified, it is strongly recommended that flight crews request clarification from Athens and reconfirm with Andravida on handover. Note the middle airspace danger area to the south west of KFN VOR.\nSteep glidepath of 3.4 degrees.\nRUNWAY AND AIRPORT FACILITIES\nFor landing on Rwy 32 the last 1500 ft of runway slopes rapidly down to the coast, only becoming visible during the latter part of the landing run.\nExpect turbulence on final approach to rwy 14/32 when easterly winds prevail from 050 degrees to 130 degrees at 15 KT or more.\nBirds in vicinity of airport.", "What is the main focus of the Theory of Elasticity in relation to solid mechanics"]}