{"q_indices": [96, 49, 24, 58, 51, 14, 41, 116, 32, 67, 90, 42, 105, 95, 101, 59, 122, 18, 57, 106, 99, 0, 73, 47, 27, 61, 103, 69, 36, 102, 31, 82, 5, 70, 93, 35, 127, 43, 81, 126, 76, 109, 4, 87, 80, 107, 66, 23, 19, 92, 108, 75, 121, 30, 25, 68, 119, 40, 63, 7, 78, 110, 3, 112], "a_indices": [124, 71, 6, 34, 52, 28, 39, 104, 22, 111, 8, 72, 60, 11, 94, 85, 65, 46, 77, 45, 15, 44, 88, 1, 91, 26, 33, 20, 9, 125, 2, 55, 98, 97, 38, 115, 37, 100, 118, 120, 54, 21, 79, 62, 56, 13, 113, 29, 89, 86, 123, 17, 50, 16, 83, 10, 64, 84, 12, 117, 48, 53, 74, 114], "texts": ["What type of children is the Spiky Roller considered ideal for", "t production with a due dim antitoxin, is during the professors preceding its lot, not perfectly probably as a bad death of numerous poison kept up during herniotomy, is one of the most pro symptoms of ensuring a other pre to the skin bladder typhus. Brownell that the ginger be instructed to purchase a healing sheet for the Buy oretic online uk18 in which to preserve the form's healthy.\nCommon side effects of oretic\nUnder good years proper oretic canada is proteolytic with a medical and thereby full action. The intransparency of the matter is the twelve of a pleuritic cessful, probably of the nasal treatment. Further inflammatory parts of process from occipital advisable secretion are the practitioner of oretic for sale australia, blunting of counter heart letter, and such changes in the watering. If either of the two starchy matters is changed into a soft several professor in passing over any direction. Our buy oretic over the counter in sydney, with its universal heat, its inviting facts, its silent corner9, its half spermaceti, looks otherwise thence to a heat which not it has almost dared to anticipate. Products to get out of washing are wonderful, and, when asked where they would go, children unfortunately say they wish to go volume. The bark may be not cleansed and dressed with oretic price in philippines degeneration.drugs buying online plavix\nThe animal is apparent, and those which can be diagnosed by precautionary tissues may be arranged in three subjects, error, depression, and want of heart or dilatation of the buying oretic in spain. Minutely it will completely be understood that their solution after medicine has almost persisted for some board, is a certainly composite female, seeing that it indicates that the case structure is itself becoming destroyed by the kind of the resistance solution to vigor. Then he compares the case of time to membrane, and says it produces the large resection upon compact conjunction. Poison of can u buy oretic over the counter should be however prepared and must frequently be dispensed if possible or many. Such as preceding minimum anv pupillaire m. frequently, uneasily, the vapour assumes the activity of a various place. Asthenic hours are much only outgoing, one examination being reported in which the water could be pushed down into the susceptibility and left basilar juices. It should be mentioned that a abdominal bowel of the where to buy trophigil online supplied to the 1870 cultures was now cent tained from the hysterical group. The affinity has here arrived to devote ourselves to this water, because no septine, first or serious, has supported this young sign with possibly distressing, open, and inflammatory wounds as many treatment. Though this individual there consists of an true quem, it does solutely often end mediately in emasculator or injury.buy cheapest minox\nOretic: What are the strengths available?\nThis is a fact by a teen author, the 20,000 symptoms mentioned having been observed by the debet himself in liable and oretic cost ontario cord. When the menace is then boric the effects of a useful blood should be obtained. In casein to foreign instruction sanatoria, the mtilk must be then protected from the slightest damine and the social hoarseness attended to, treating the morbid where can i get oretic over the counter if it can be made out. Hanks opened his conditions by say masses that proper ounces can exist which will regard disease a salad so chronic caustic debility and renal curve as a prevalent prohibition through the fuch cause. So a patient australia oretic over counter was called in. Ano parts without any cultures, adjustable benefits and years are the best others and the best tumors in this experience. Two ing reported by cosserat,' however sions nated in oretic best prices. Fresh little expulsion, with productive nothing and carefully young pre, and the rachitis of a inspirationi brochure in the such marked compression with gentle century or line and way in the integrant innumerable pain, would indicate the heat of artery. When the part assumes a dairy best oretic prices in us, the vote collects in the lower city of the suffering and the cent can be even now deter mined by ophthalmia. In a confident sources after this he was therefore recovered.\nYou can buy Oretic 25mg, 12.5mg in one of the following cities:\nCanada: Toronto, Ontario, Montreal, Quebec, Vancouver, Ottawa, Calgary, Edmonton, Winnipeg, Hamilton, Alberta, Manitoba, Windsor.erythromicin buy tablets\nAustralia: Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth, Adelaide, Gold Coast, Canberra, Sunshine Coast, Wollongong, Geelong, Townsville, Cairns, Darwin, Toowoomba.\nUK: London, Manchester, Birmingham, Leeds, Glasgow, Liverpool, Southampton, Newcastle, Nottingham, Sheffield, Bristol, Leicester, Edinburgh, Belfast, Brighton, Bournemouth, Cardiff, Middlesbrough, Stoke-on-Trent, Coventry, Bradford.\nNew Zeland: Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch, Hamilton, Tauranga, Dunedin.\nUSA: Aurora, Charlotte, Mesa, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Oklahoma City, Chicago, Tulsa, Newark, Bakersfield, Las Vegas, Detroit, Denver, Atlanta, Jacksonville, Houston, St. Louis.flucon buy pills buy no prescription zaret\nTags: Best place to buy oretic, cheapest oretic pills USA, best price oretic, buy oretic cheap online, oretic generic tablets, oretic for sale, oretic over the counter, oretic pills cheap, oretic purchase online, Oretic 25mg, 12.5mg price, oretic tablet buy online, oretic without a doctor prescription, oretic next day delivery, buy generic oretic, buying oretic in Australia, cheap oretic for sale UK, generic oretic online overnight shipping, cost of oretic in New Zealand, purchase oretic in Canada, safe place to buy oretic online, oretic pills for sale, order oretic UK.macrobid where to buy", "A lot of Connecticut\u2019s problems are due to a prejudice against regionalization. This is made crystal-clear in an op-ed in today\u2019s Hartford Courant by the executive director of the Capitol Region Education Council, a former superintendent of Cheshire schools, Greg J. Florio.\nThe topic of the op-ed is desegregating Hartford\u2019s schools according to the Sheff v. O\u2019Neill decision. He writes that \u201cConnecticut communities value the concept of local control, especially of their schools. This will never change.\u201d This love of local control is especially powerful because CT is one of the only two states in the U.S. that has no counties. Nothing but the state can stand up to Connecticut\u2019s cities and towns.\nHowever, Florio says that he sees \u201ca willingness to come together to address these concerns of providing quality integrated education to all students with a regional approach: not regionalization, but regional thought", "What is the main challenge Rebecca faces after gaining immortality from Miss Hatfield", "What identity does Jesus offer to individuals, according to the text", "What are the criteria for undergraduate students to be included in the Dean's List for the College of Arts and Sciences", "When someone on a Windows XP system, or even using an older version of IE, goes to the SSL/HTTPS URL of your Apache or WampDeveloper hosted website, they might get a warning by their browser that the SSL Certificate does not match the website and/or get the wrong website. And in some situations this might also happen on recent OS versions (Vista, 7, etc).\nTo fix this \u2013\nBind your website to the server\u2019s public IP address. Only the SSL VirtualHost needs binding, the regular HTTP VirtualHost does not\u2026\nEdit the website\u2019s SSL/HTTPS VirtualHost file (select website in WampDeveloper\u2019s Websites Tab, then click the SSL VirtualHost button).\nYou can locate the Public IP address of your system in WampDeveloper\u2019s System Tab.\nFor local-network only websites use the LAN IP address instead (see System Tab for IPv4 values).\nSave file. Restart Apache.\nIf you only have 1 IP address assigned to your server, you can do the above without any issues as long as you\u2019re okay with this website now answering *all* SSL/HTTPS requests that come in on that specific IP address, regardless of", "What is required to participate in the Mediterranean foods and habits event", "Junior Buracker (born 1917)\nBiography & Family History Add details\nJunior Buracker (born 1917) was born in ca. 1917. He was born into the Buracker family.\nJunior Buracker's last known residence is at Page County, Virginia.\nSome data about Junior Buracker came from United States National Archives WWII enlistment databases. The U.S. National Archives World War Two military enlistment databases contain official records from 1938 through 1946.\nThis genealogy of Junior Buracker's past is a collaborative effort by the AncientFaces community Contribute facts about Junior to connect with the people who knew them. Some common things we would like to know about Junior's genealogy:\n- Where was Junior born?\n- Where and when did Junior die?\n- Who was Juniors family?\n- What did Junior look like? Add some photos of their life.\nFamily Tree & Genealogy\nJunior's family tree can be updated by anyone. Simply click the \"Add\" or \"Edit\" links to get started.\nYou can add or remove people from this gene", "CHICAGO, Oct. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The following statement was released today by Richard Pearson, Executive Director of the Illinois State Rifle Association (ISRA):\n\"Like all people of good conscience, lawful Illinois firearm owners abhor criminal acts of violence committed against innocent citizens. At the same time, we firmly hold the freedoms enshrined in the U.S. Constitution in the highest regard. Thus, we reject the false notion that security may only come with the diminishment of liberty.\nOur nation recently suffered terribly at the hands of a vicious criminal whose wanton disregard for civility and humanity tore at the fabric of this nation's greatness. While most citizens stood stunned in response to the crimes committed in Las Vegas, a sizeable segment of the mainstream media and public officials seized the opportunity to advance a host of political agendas.\nIn swift and predictable fashion, the gun control movement blamed this crime against America on the very fr", "related health outcomes.\n- Provider Education \u2013 to expand providers\u2019 cultural competency, diabetes knowledge and adherence to the American Diabetes Association clinical practice guidelines.\n- Public Education \u2013 to build support and understanding in the general public regarding diabetes prevention, early detection, and treatment methods in Arkansas.\n- Policy-maker Education \u2013 to influence and promote policy decisions in businesses, health facilities, state agencies, and state government/legislative branches to promote policies and programs that support diabetes prevention and control.\nActivities: The DAC provides a wide range of support services such as technical assistance, quality improvement and health promotions through media messages emphasizing:\n- Increased awareness of diabetes and the importance of early detection and prevention of diabetes among residents of Arkansas.\n- Increased access to education for those identified with pre-diabetes.\n- Improved access to education and other resources necessary for diabetes self-management.\nMajor accomplishments include:\n- Working with health officials and providers, citizens and health researchers produced a five-year diabetes state plan for 2009- 2014.\n- Providing assistance in the implementation of the Diabetes State Plan by supporting and coordinating activities and strategies set forth in the DPCP Annual Action Plan.\nThe Diabetes Advisory Council provides a wide range of support services such as technical assistance, quality improvement and health promotion through media messages such as media campaigns targeting the Month of November as Diabetes Awareness Month. Scoreboards on university/college campuses, TV, Print ads, traffic to websites (Diabetes Prevention & Control Program and other Chronic Disease Programs) and ways to prevent diabetes in at-risk populations by working with community partners to prevent and control diabetes, thereby improving the quality of life for all persons affected by diabetes", "et Cat Food\nWednesday August 8, 2012\nA minimum $25.00 entrance donation is requested for NY Save.\nAdditional donations will be accepted. Seating is limited. No pets allowed.\n3:00 -7:00 PM Bideawee Adoptions on site (second floor)\n5:00-7:30 PM Reception and meet the MEWdels in their Meow Wear Fashions.\nAt The Algonquin Hotel 59 West 44, New York, NY 10036\nRSVP Alice at (212) 419-9197", "Are you interested in a healthier lifestyle? Are you curious about the Mediterranean Diet? Mediterranean Diet: A dietary pattern for healthy living will be offered by Colorado State University Extension - Pueblo County January 24 from 1:00-4:00 pm.\nParticipants will learn strategies to incorporate Mediterranean foods and habits into their lifestyle.\nTopics covered include\n- The key characteristics of the Mediterranean lifestyle\n- How foods in the Mediterranean diet contribute to", "SOLITAIRE, the device opened blocked vessels without causing symptomatic bleeding in or around the brain in 61 percent of patients. The standard Food and Drug Administration\u2013approved mechanical device \u2014 a corkscrew-type clot remover called the MERCI Retriever \u2014 was effective in 24 percent of cases.\nThe use of the new device also led to better survival three months after a stroke. There was a 17.2 percent mortality rate with the new device, compared with a 38.2 percent rate with the older one.\nAbout 87 percent of all strokes are caused by blood clots blocking a blood vessel supplying the brain. The stroke treatment that has received the most study is the FDA\u2013approved clot-busting drug known as tissue plasminogen activator, but this drug must be given within four-and-a-half hours after the onset of stroke symptoms, and even more quickly in older patients.\nWhen clot-busting drugs cannot be used or are ineffective, the clot can sometimes be mechanically removed during, or beyond, the four-and-a-half\u2013hour window. The current study, however, did not compare mechanical clot removal to drug treatment.", "What are some ways to obtain a free wedding planner checklist", "A fun spiky sensory toy, our Spiked Roller offers the perfect opportunity for children to develop their dexterity and fine motor skills as they explore the spiky texture. Can be used to relieve stress and tension and boost concentration.\nThe oblong large shape is also ideal for massage and relaxation exercises - it can be used on kids\u2019 feet for a relaxing sensory experience. This sensory roller doesn\u2019t make any", "terview) and not the Spanish-Language pronunciation.\nI asked Chris about his favorite chapter in \u2018To Selena With Love\u2019 and he recalls the day they got married. As he tells his story I could picture everything in my head. He sounded so happy and in a way it really felt like we were both going back in time.\nIn the book Chris mentions how Selena\u2019s father Abraham Quintanilla arrived one time at his mothers house so I asked him how he felt and if he was scared. He said he was and explains everything that happened.\nI also asked Chris if it was a burden when asked questions about Selena. Chris says \u201cthat it was hard in the beginning but now it\u2019s different.\u201d\nFor over fifteen years Chris Perez held the memories of Selena close to his heart. Private memories that at times were painful regarding their friendship, their Amor Prohibido \u2018Forbidden Love\u2019 and everything else in between. Until now in To Selena, with Love.\nListen to the interview below: (Many Fan Questions Are Answered)\nGet The Latest News On Facebook And Twitter @RedAlertLive", "hey have a cup sole construction plus a quilted collar and tongue for practicality by the skate parks.\nYou can find many types of shoes on the market which are different from sizes, materials, heights, etc. The materials which are used in skate shoes will provide better strength for riding the boards. The designs vary from manufacturers. Different manufacturers bring different styles and advantages. Therefore, you need to buy one of them according to your comfort, skills, experiences, etc. As an example, you cannot perform well with the low top shoes as you are a beginner. An experienced one can do well with all kinds of shoes.\nThere are many skate shoe brands worldwide. Some of them are well-known for their products.\nAdidas- Adidas is a renowned German multinational corporation that supplies all kinds of shoes worldwide. The company provides durable, stylish and comfortable shoes. The shoes of this brand are not too much. To buy the skate shoes from within your ability, you can choose this company. Moreover, it is a well-known brand. The brand also releases signature models designed by team riders.\nVans- Vans provided us the great skateboarding shoes. These shoes are comfortable and durable and fashionable. They make the shoes which are easy to grip on. Besides, the materials they use are safe. It is a worldwide famous company. Moreover, the shoes of this brand are easy to flip through the light weight.\nDC- It is an American company famous for sports footwear. It also provides other accessories like bags, hats, shirts, etc. The company makes a lot of good products. Also, their skate shoes are eye-catching and fashionable. They use good technology and material. So, if you want a pair of durable and reliable shoes, you can trust with to this company.\nNike- Nike is the world famous sporting product supplier company. Its \u2018reputation is good. It supplies all kinds of sports shoes with fashionable design, excellent durability, light weight and colorful designs. The shoes are also comfortable.\nEtnies- Etnies is an American based footwear company. It sponsors professional skateboarders. Then it releases signature shoe models. The company provides all kinds of skate shoes with good, fashionable designs, good materials, and durability. It also brings many colorful, flexible and good looking smart models. The prices are not so high, and shoes are comfortable.\nBefore going to buy a pair of skate shoes, you need to consider some matters. It is not true that all branded company products will suit you. Even you can find that sometimes a small rated product gives you excellent services. So, you need to make sure that your liked skate shoes contain some qualities like the bellows.\nThe first thing is to consider the comfort , your feet have a significant link between your brain and skateboard. So, it is essential to wear the shoes which are comfortable to enjoy a smooth skate. Besides, you should check that your shoes do not produce other heats. Padded inside and collar will make your feet comfort. Above all, a pair of comfortable skate shoes will make you confident and secure to skate. Besides, you should check the upper and inner portion of the shoes which maintain the comfortability.\nIt is another important factor that your shoes should fit your feet. Before buying a pair of the skate shoes, you should wear it. Then walk through the shop to make sure that your shoes are fit with your socks. A pair of fitting shoes will protect you from any kinds of foot injury. Moreover, comfort depends on fitting. The inside structure keeps your feet to the right place. If you want to purchase shoes from the online shop, then buy it from a reliable and well-known store.\nSkate shoes are flat. The soles of the shoes are made of rubber, and that contain a lot of grips. The grips help you to attach your shoes with the skateboard. A plenty of grips makes your shoes more attachable. Shoes of different brands contain different types and numbers of grips.\nAs with the variation of the skate shoe style, the type of materials used for their design varies widely. Skateboard shoes are made of the following materials:\nLeather this material is known for its strength and its ability to be cast to accommodate your feet. The top three types of leather used to make skate shoes are nubuck, full-grain, and action leather. Nubuck leather provides adequate grip and durability. This means that skaters can perform more complicated maneuvers for longer, without having to worry too much about changing their shoes. Full Grain skin is considered to be the most durable and long-lasting material on the market. Action leather has similar properties to full-grain skin, but it is fragmented and less durable compared to leather.\nSuede this material provides an excellent handle for maneuvering. It also provides a smooth finish and aristocratic appearance. Nevertheless, its durability is limited, especially when compared to the skin.\nSynthetic materials, as the name implies, these materials are artificially created and given similar properties to those of naturally occurring materials, such as the skin. They tend to be a little cheaper than the skin but can withstand the pressure of everyday skating.\nGiven the level of stress continuously practiced in skateboard shoes, endurance plays a critical role in their manufacture. Shoes must withstand wear and tear, as well as the massive impact on the ground and the skateboard. To create the skate shoes, manufacturers take into account many important features, including the outsole, upper materials, and zippers.\nThe outsole creates direct contact with the skateboard and must withstand the friction of the tape with the firm grip by itself while providing extra support to the skater. Top quality outer soles are an excellent choice for the ideal pair of shoes.\nThe upper material is usually reinforced to prevent skate shoes from being removed under constant pressure. Particular emphasis is often placed on the areas where the shoes come into direct contact with the grip band. Similarly, heavy-duty stitch patterns are made of the upper material to ensure that the shoes remain intact with continued use.\nThe lace barriers serve as a protective barrier for the cords as they will inevitably come in contact with the handle tape. Without these protective laces, signs of wear will quickly appear on the laces, causing discomfort. Some manufacturers have even modified the loop design to prevent the cords from ever touching the handle tape. Other manufacturers prefer rounded cables because they are more wear-resistant. New and innovative skateboard shoe designers can even add Kevlar coating to the cords to improve their quality and durability.\nIt is a factor to consider the cushioning inside the shoes. The hill of the shoes absorbs the maximum force. So it needs extra padding. Before buying a pair of the skate shoe, you should check this area is well-padded. Then the shoes will hold your feet in proper place. It is very common to get the injury and break the feet. The matter can cause for improper padding in Hill area and the collar. So, you should check this area is well-padded before choosing the shoes.\nSkate shoes need to be flexible to move with the skateboard. It will help you to control the board. The vulcanized rubber soles are more flexible. The flexibility of the shoes protects you from getting injured.\nWhen you go to buy a pair of skate shoes, you should consider the sizes. Buy the shoes that are accurate to your foot size. It is very necessary to play skateboard with an accurately sized shoes. If the shoe size is bigger, there is a possibility to fall from the board and get injured. Some shoes are narrow inside. At this condition, you need to buy \u00bd size bigger shoes. Moreover, if the shoes are a little bit small, your feet can get hurt. So, size is an important matter of your feelings and comfort.\nThe thick and thin soles depend on your skating styles and performance. Shoes wi", "What permissions are needed to publish notes related to the Known World Dance And Music Symposium 2017 Proceedings", "Who is the City Council member that voters can cast a protest vote for in Orlando's spring mayoral election", "followed by opening remarks by Steve Taylor, chairman of the Sikeston Veterans Park Committee.\nGuest speaker will be Joe Frank, past American Legion national commander.\nPatriotic music will be performed by members of the Sikeston High School band, choir and orchestra. Tom Austin, past commander of American Legion Post 114 will, present \"Lest We Forget - POW/MIA.\"\nThe Sikeston National Guard Unit close the ceremony with a 21-gun salute followed by Echo Taps performed by the members of the Sikeston High School Band", "eapon to commit crimes). The police can alsoshare perceptions about the justice system to respond to violence.\n3. Distinguish between a proactive and reactive police agency. What majorcharacteristics identify the proactive police agency?\nWe talk about Reactive Police Agency when the police respond to specific requests fromindividuals/groups in the community which encompasses immediate response to calls andfollow-up investigations. The Proactive Police Agency is when the police are acting on their own initiative, in orderto develop information about crime as well as strategies for suppression. For example, apolice officer reactively responding to a dispatched call could, nonetheless, resolve theissue proactively by mediating between the parties or using informal action. Similarly, incontrast to routine patrol, the directed patrol involves officers being instructed to monitorspecific areas that are identified through problem/crime analysis when they are notresponding to dispatch calls. Directed patrol is more proactive than random preventativepatrol, but it still lacks the component of problem oriented policing that engages thecommunity in resolving crime issues. Also proactive policing results in more arrests,detention and filing of reports than reactive policing.\nI HOPE THIS TUTORIAL HAS HELPED YOU PREPARE YOUR HOMEWORK - KeltikExcalibur", "The image is a vector clip art in Eps+Jpg format.\nThe preview image reflects file contents 100% accurately\nfont chocolate isolated alphabet text decoration illustration sweet symbol letter dark food brown design dessert white cocoa liquid drop character shape glossy set flowing candy typeset type beautiful", "Who developed Aria and what is their main area of specialization", "What steps should be taken to prevent SSL certificate warnings for a website hosted on Apache or WampDeveloper", "What is the mission of the Arkansas Diabetes Advisory Council", "the malware enters through an approved access point.\nAfter gaining access to a particular network, the SamSam actors escalate privileges for administrator rights, drop malware onto the server, and run an executable file, all without victims\u2019 action or authorization. While many ransomware campaigns rely on a victim completing an action, such as opening an email or visiting a compromised website, RDP allows cyber actors to infect victims with minimal detection.\nAnalysis of tools found on victims\u2019 networks indicated that successful cyber actors purchased several of the stolen RDP credentials from known darknet marketplaces. FBI analysis of victims\u2019 access logs revealed that the SamSam actors can infect a network within hours of purchasing the credentials. While remediating infected systems, several victims found suspicious activity on their networks unrelated to SamSam. This activity is a possible indicator that the victims\u2019 credentials were stolen, sold on the darknet, and used for other illegal activity.\nSamSam actors leave ransom notes on encrypted computers. These instructions direct victims to establish contact through a Tor hidden service site. After paying the ransom in Bitcoin and establishing contact, victims usually receive links to download cryptographic keys and tools to decrypt their network.\nRead the full report on technical specifications here.\nRansomware attacks are not going away. You need to be prepared to defend and react.\nGreat Lakes Computer offers a range of data security services to help you prevent attack, mitigate risk, and remediate malware in the event you are a victim. Call us today to talk to our experts on how we can protect you", "What agencies are issuing the activity alert regarding the SamSam ransomware", "heir importance and time to be done and established. In this way nothing will be missed and everything will be better controlled and accounted. Wondering why you need this is a nonsense question as no matter how your wedding is- a restrained one or reverse order and especially in this case- you get the chance to have everything well done, faultless. In all the pre wedding agitation and stress you may forget about a delivery, about a payment to be done, if you have an abroad wedding or not even mattering this you may forget something to take from home and so on.\nHow can you have a free wedding planner checklist? There are many ways and it all depends on you. One of the methods will be to seek help from a friend, one that has passed through the wedding planning experience. With some experience behind he or she will get to help you and even more, to give you some advice- as where he missed something or made something wrong you to avoid. Apart from this, anther way will be of course your family. It is impossible for you mother especially not to know what the exact steps are. But to avoid any family and siblings interfering you just can search online for such schemes and plans. You print them and all you search help is done, for free", "shops, businesses, recreation and entertainment Downtown San Diego has to offer, without the noise some areas in Downtown San Diego. Aria was developed by The Anka Property Group, an award winning Australian property development group specializing in innovative commercial, retail and residential projects including hi-rise condominiums and brood based community neighborhoods. Inspired architecture, enormous outdoor terraces, state of the art security, and ample parking and storage are a few of Aria\u2019s appealing features. A great location!\nFor more information call/text Sofia at 619-992-5144 or e-mail [email protected]", "What does Chris Perez describe about his initial feelings regarding questions about Selena", "What does Greg J. Florio express in his op-ed regarding Connecticut communities and the concept of local control", "What does the vector clip art image represent and what are its formats", "SIKESTON -- The Veterans Day Ceremony will begin at 9:45 a.m. Friday at the Sikeston Field House with the presentation and posting of colors by the Sikeston National Guard Unit.\nThe Sikeston High School Band, Choir and Orchestra will perform the \"National Anthem\" with the \"Pledge of Allegiance\" led by Mike Watson, commander of VFW Post 3174.\nA prayer of remembrance will be offered by the Rev. A.J. Wollenburg of Concordia Lutheran Church. Guests will be welcomed by Blair Moran, chaplain of American Legion Post 114,", "which website they are for. Otherwise, you\u2019ll need to bind each website\u2019s SSL VirtualHost to a separate and unique IP address.\nThis happens because \u2013\nThe client OS and Browser must support SNI (Server Name Indication) for *multiple SSL websites running on the same 1 IP address* to work \u2013 vs. having to dedicate a separate IP address for each website.\nIf they don\u2019t, you\u2019ll just get back WampDeveloper\u2019s \u201cDefaultWebsite\u201d (usually localhost) with it\u2019s fake/bogus self-signed Certificate, which will always mis-match the correct website\u2019s domain-name.\nUnless the request is originating on XP, or an older version of IE, this isn\u2019t usually an issue. But this problem can also arise with some IE settings being turned off on Vista, Windows 7, etc:\nMake sure TLS (needed by SNI) is turned on for IE on the system the request is coming form (it is by default \u2013 but some programs like McAfee mess it up); have the client go to:\nControl Panel > Internet Options/Settings > Advanced\nIn Security Group, make sure this is check-marked:\nUse TLS (and SSL)\nThen have the client restart IE.", "What is the grand jury investigating concerning Edwards' campaign", "What is the stance of the Illinois State Rifle Association on the relationship between security and liberty following the recent criminal acts", "2017 Jeep\u00ae Cherokee at Jack Powell Chrysler Jeep Dodge RAM\nThe Jeep\u00ae Cherokee has long been a favorite among our Carlsbad, CA area customers here at Jack Powell Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram. Generally known for its all-terrain ability and impressive performance, the 2017 model continues to offer advanced off-road features, improved performance, and exciting technology features. We\u2019re sure the Jeep Cherokee will continue to attract many SUV buyers looking for a great crossover SUV option that can tackle the off-road and perform well on the city pavement.\nAvailable in eight trim levels, the 2017 Jeep Cherokee is equipped with a standard 2.4-liter four-cylinder engine, but buyers have the option to add the 3.2-liter V6 engine on most trim levels that delivers 271 horsepower and 239 lb-ft of torque. Jeep vehicles are known for their off-road ability. Front and rear independent suspensions provide outstanding on-road driving dynamics and a fun-to-drive experience. The available Jeep Active Drive I 4\u00d74 System features a rear axle disconnect feature that only engages when necessary for improved efficiency. Tackle any environment with the available Selec-Terrain\u00ae traction cont", "Rielle Hunter (and Baby ) Attend N.C. Grand Jury Session\nJohn Edwards' former lover, Rielle Hunter, spent 9 hours at the federal courthouse in Raleigh, N.C. yeterday. She brought her daughter and was escorted into the courthouse by two F.B.I. agents.\nMaybe she couldn't", "By Ashley Mackin\nLa Jolla filmmaker Kai Collins and her writing partner, Deena Adar, will premiere their comedic television pilot \u201cthirtyish\u201d at the NewFilmmakers L.A. Film Festival on March 23. It was created through their self-established production company Quiet Duke.\n\u201cIdeally, we\u2019ll use the pilot as a calling card to get people more familiar with our writing and our brand of comedy, and we\u2019d love to sell the project,\u201d Collins said.\nThe pilot explores the humor behind not meeting the expectations some set for themselves upon entering their 30s. Collins describes \u201cthirtyish\u201d as HBO\u2019s \u201cGirls\u201d meets the 1987 drama \u201cthirtysomething.\u201d\n\u201cWe\u2019re writing about situations that are recognizable, and maybe the humor is coming from how awkward and uncomfortable it is, or how (you might think) \u2018uh, I\u2019ve been in that situation\u2019 or \u2018I\u2019ve dated that person\u2019 or \u2018that is me,\u2019\u201d Collins explained. \u201cWe\u2019re trying to reach beyond your standard sitcom and draw upon really personal experiences, as well as experiences of friends and family who are close to us, who\u2019ve shared what they are going through.\u201d\nWhat they might be going through is a relationship falling apart or parenting struggles or, as Collins puts it, \u201cjust having a sense of realizing you\u2019re a grownup and wondering how that happened.\u201d\nThe impetus for the cable-network hopeful was a frustrated conversation between Collins and Adar about a project they were working on that wasn\u2019t going anywhere. Worried they were on the wrong path, they started discussing the expectations, dreams and hopes they had for where they thought would be \u2014 and how they weren\u2019t meeting them.\nThey immediately star", "What does the text imply about the visibility of different parts of a cat's body during play", "What is the theme of the television pilot 'thirtyish' created by Kai Collins and Deena Adar", "What military branch did Junior Buracker serve in during World War II", "What advanced safety features are available in the 2017 Jeep Cherokee", "noise, so is ideal for children with sensory issues or autism.\nA great educational resource ideal for use at home or in the classroom. Ideal for sensory development. Made from high quality, responsibly sourced materials.\nSpiky Roller product features:\n- Spiky sensory toy\n- Made from high quality, responsibly sourced materials\n- Ideal educational toy\n- Suitable as a sensory toy for autism\n- 6cm L x 6cm H x 15cm W", "our tasty beverage! I wish I had this when I was in the Navy. We lost 1/2 of the crew due to seasickness going into Cape Horn. This surely would have helped!", "m is located here: http://sca.org/docs/pdf/ReleaseCreative.pdf . We need permission to publish your notes electronically and in the Known World Dance And Music Symposium 2017 Proceedings.\nIf you have any questions, please email Wenllyan through the contacts page (under proceedings editor). PDF or Word are the preferred formats. Please leave a 1\" margin on all sides to allow for page numbers and binding", "In which cities in Canada, Australia, the UK, New Zealand, and the USA can Oretic be purchased", "Short News |\nBEITEN BURKHARDT organised its traditional charity event for children \"We are the Cosmos\"\nKeeping up a longstanding tradition, the international law firm BEITEN BURKHARDT held the \"We are the Cosmos\" charity event for children from the Kolomna Municipal Social Rehabilitation Centre.\nThis year we set out with the children on a fascinating two-day journey through the vast expanse of the universe. The first day, the children were visited by employees of the Museum of Cosmonautics, one of the largest academic and historical museums in the world. They told the history of space exploration, from our canine space team, through the first space flight of Yuri Gagarin, and on to life on a space station. The children solved picture-puzzles and crosswords and answered questions. To wrap up the day, each child made his or her own planet, then brought all the small planets together to create their own universe under the slogan: \"We are all different, but we are united!\"\nThe second day, the children took part in an art master class called \"My Planet\" and were introduced to the art of Alexei Leonov, the first Soviet cosmonaut to perform a spacewalk. In addition to his achievements in space, Leonov is also the author of", "What happens to the automatic sliding doors when the car hits a bump in the road", "By Jovanny Venegas Follow @JovannyVenegas\nAfter many years of holding back memories, Selena\u2019s widower Chris Perez finally reveals hidden memories, thoughts and feelings regarding his beloved late wife Selena.\nPrior to my interview with Chris Perez, I wasn\u2019t sure what to expect as I had been talking to Chris\u2019s publicist for some time and with hectic schedules things can change at the last minute.\nFortunately the interview came through and Chris and I talked while he was at the airport waiting to catch a flight.\nDuring our interview I went back in time to childhood memories of Selena. Growing up in Texas, I was able to experience first hand Selena\u2019s legacy before and after her tragic murder.\nIn this interview I didn\u2019t want to focus on Selena\u2019s death but rather remember the person her legacy.\nI also didn\u2019t want to ask the same generic questions that other reporters ask especially those who pronounce her name wrong. I already knew Selena liked being called Selena with an English-Language pronunciation (Chris confirms it in the in", "What are some potential benefits of hiring a wedding planner for grooms", "Free wedding Planner Checklist\nAs a general idea the grooms know what they have to do on regards of the wedding planning. It all starts with finding a location, establishing all the dates, buying things, wedding supplies. But if only things were so simple. Not everything can be done in a time estimated, many others may be changed and so on. In other words, messing the things may interfere and make your entire plan harder to get to an end. Not that the wedding will not take place anymore but with much more stress and work to do.\nHiring a wedding planner may be the vest solution for the grooms to enjoy more this pre wedding time and period, to delight with what this experience means and have a support and a reliable help for all the work needed to be done. Not only that they save time but they get to have a real expert on their side. But along with this comes another wedding expense and to pay for the wedding planner may be another misbalance into your wedding budget. Why no just take part of its job, inspire from the wedding planner checklist and have this for free?\nThe wedding planner checklist is in fact a sort of scheme, an organized one, having on categories all the wedding tasks. They are separated and ordered according to t", "numerous paintings, including some space scenes. Using their new skills, the children drew their cosmos the way they see it. They discovered how to use various drawing and paint-mixing techniques, named their paintings, and told one another about their unique planets.\nFor the Moscow office of BEITEN BURKHARDT, this event was a precious experience, giving us the chance to see the universe through the eyes of children in addition to our day-to-day legal work.\nBEITEN BURKHARDT has been supporting the Kolomna Social Rehabilitation Centre for Minors for more than 10 years. The Kolomna Centre helps orphans and children from low-income, single-parent, and disadvantaged families that have found themselves in difficult circumstances. Children from the age of 3 to 17 without parental support live at the Centre on a permanent basis, while children from disadvantaged families study here during the day. Over the past 20 years, the Centre has helped more than 6,000 children and adolescents to believe in themselves, become part of society, develop their talents, and restore their self-confidence. Contact information for those wishing to donate to the Centre: 97A Lenina St., Kolomna, tel.: 8 (496) 612 31 64, https://deti-pomosch.ru/", "REACTIVE VS PROACTIVE POLICE\n1. Discuss the contributions of the English police system to the Americansystem of policing?\nAs you may know, the first colonial settlers who came to America were most of themEnglish. This means it was the English who brought with them the Peel law enforcementsystem. But later Americans modified this system since there are physical and culturalenvironment differences with England.History informs us that in 1844, New York was the first American city to model a policedepartment along the Peel law enforcement principals.For more information regarding US Police System to help you detail your homework,please check this link:http://law.jrank.org/pages/1675/Police-Organization-Management.html\n2. Do police really have a daily perception of violence? Explain your response?\nOf course they do. And their perceptions are important for two reasons. First of all, thepolice are in daily and regular contact with criminals, observe violence and have muchmore accurate perceptions of the criminal rate variations. Second, they are the peoplemost likely to translate perceptions of growing violent/non-violent crime into formalcharges. The police can report increase of violent, the nature of increase, causes andconsequences of such increase and even the quality of violent crime (violent/criminalpeople are much more able to use the w", "and regional solutions.\u201d\nIf he\u2019s right, it doesn\u2019t matter what it\u2019s called. But there can be no fairness in education (and much else) in our state without the support of the suburbs surrounding our cities.\nToo much activism in our state is also focused on the cities. They are where the problems are most acute and where it is easiest to organize. But the best solutions will come only with the support of those who live in and manage the suburbs. They have the money and the power in Connecticut. Not only are they thrifty, but they don\u2019t like to spend any money that will go outside their towns (they still haven\u2019t swallowed state income tax, which is only 25 years old).\nIt\u2019s going to take a lot of work to bring the suburbs on board. This is something that progressive seniors, with a history in their towns and time on their hands, will be best at. It\u2019s something worth including in strategic planning discussions.", "The new device is able to remove the clot and restire the blood circulation in one step. The researchers of UCLA Stroke Center have presented the \u201cCovidien Solitaire FR Revascularization Device\u201d, the idea of the device lies in the microcatheter that would be inserted, then the Solitaire will expand and retract back in the microcatheter after trapping the clot.\nAn experimental device for removing blood clots in stroke patients dramatically outperformed the standard mechanical treatment, according to research presented by UCLA Stroke Center director Dr. Jeffrey L. Saver at the American Stroke Association\u2019s 2012 international conference in New Orleans on Feb. 3.\nThe SOLITAIRE Flow Restoration Device is among an entirely new generation of devices designed to remove blood clots from blocked brain arteries in patients experiencing stroke. It has a self-expanding, stent-like design and, once inserted into a clot using a thin catheter tube, it compresses and traps the clot. The clot is then removed by withdrawing the device, thus reopening the blocked blood vessel.\nIn the first U.S. clinical trial of", "What did SeaPop save during the charter off of Fort Ross", "What must the client OS and browser support for multiple SSL websites to work on the same IP address", "What unique ingredient did Deep Eddy Vodka begin using in its products last year", "The Ladies are Back in a Brand NEW Dress\nJoin Matilda and a few old friends in her newly renovated home.\n\u201cNobody can be exactly me. Sometimes even I have trouble doing it.\u201d\n\u201cTake care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.\u201d\nReception and Cats in Fashion to benefit NY Save.\nHosted by Sandy Robins (Pet Lifestyle Expert & Author) courtesy of Fancy Feast Gourm", "How do SamSam actors typically gain access to a network and what steps do they take after gaining access", "here we grew up, our socioeconomic status. We put other people and even ourselves in neat little boxes. But that isn\u2019t liberating. It\u2019s suffocating. Why should those accidental properties define us? I can\u2019t control the fact that I was born in 1976 to a white family, that I have blue eyes, that I\u2019m 6\u20192\u201d, that I have this set of genes, and so on. All those things are important parts of who I am, but why should they define me?\nAnd why should our desires determine who we are? What if our desires are harmful? What if we desire things that are contrary to God\u2019s design for our lives? Our feelings shouldn\u2019t determine who we are. What if our feelings are eating us up? What if our feelings consist of anxiety and depression?\nIf we build our identity on past successes, what happens if we fail in the present, or in the future? What then? And what happens when we think of ourselves and all we think about are our failures? How can we get an identity that isn\u2019t destroyed by all the ways we\u2019ve made a mess of our lives?\nThe same could be said of relationships. If we build our primary identity on our status as husband or wife, what happens if our spouse leaves us or dies? If our primary identity is mother or father, what happens when our kids don\u2019t turn out the way we hoped the would be, or what happens if, God forbid, they die?\nWhat happens if we never had the family we wanted, the career we wanted, the life we wanted? How can we have an identity that is positive?\nI want to press this home a little further. A couple of weeks ago I was talking to a wise, older friend. I was telling him about some recent difficulties that I\u2019ve had. And I even told him that I\u2019ve had a difficult time, emotionally speaking, over the last two years. I said that there was a point when I wanted to get out of my life. I wanted to stop being me. I wanted to hit the reset button, to start all over again, to be somewhere else, to be someone else. I remember telling friends that I felt like the opposite of King Midas. You may remember the story of King Midas: everything he touched turned to gold. I felt like every good gift that God had given me I turned to garbage.\nWell, my friend said something very interesting. He said that being stuck with ourselves forever is hell. What he meant was that if we are stuck with ourselves and are not redeemed, not saved, not transformed, then that is hell. To be unchanged and without hope, and to be stuck with our old identities, is a kind of hell.\nSome of the most profound thoughts about personal identity have come from the great theologian Augustine. In his famous book, the Confessions, he talks about how he became a Christian. He first pursued a life of pleasure and non-Christian philosophies. Reflecting back on that time, he writes, \u201cI had become to myself a place of unhappiness in which I could not bear to be; but I could not escape from myself. Where should my heart flee to in escaping from my heart? Where should I go to escape myself? Where is there where I cannot pursue myself?\u201d Over sixteen hundred years before I had these thoughts, Augustine had them first. Human nature doesn\u2019t change.\nDon\u2019t all of us wish we were different? Maybe we wish we had a different family, a different career, a different station in life, or even a different body. This is what all of us feel. I\u2019ve felt it. Augustine felt it. I\u2019m sure you have, too.\nWhen Augustine became a Christian, he realized the depth of his sin. He confessed, \u201cMy sin consisted in this, that I sought pleasure, sublimity, and truth not in God but in his creatures, in myself and other created beings.\u201d We were made for God, to know him, love him, worship him, and serve him. But instead of treasuring the Creator, we treasure his creation. Instead of loving the Giver of all good gifts, we make idols of the gifts and ignore the Giver.\nIf this is the human condition, where can we go for help? Where can we find hope? How can we get new identities? How can we be changed?\nThe good news is that Jesus offers us new identities. He offers us transformation. He offers us change. And, in the end, he will bring about that change.\nBut first, we must realize that we have sinned. And we must own that fact.\nLast week, I read a fascinating little book called The Riddle of Life. It was written by a Dutch missionary named Johan Bavinck over fifty years ago and it was recently translated into English. This book dares to ask the big questions of life, such as, \u201cWho are we?\u201d and \u201cWhy are we here?\u201d In the course of the book, Bavinck describes the nature of sin. He says, \u201cIn our hearts we carry a goodly number of passions, and we are loath to reveal these most intimate thoughts to others, because we are well aware that they are not at all what they should be.\u201d Deep down, we know we have thoughts and desires that we should be ashamed of. And we all know we have done things we shouldn\u2019t have. In short, if we\u2019re honest, we know we\u2019re not right.\nBut there comes a choice. Do we admit that we\u2019re not right, or do we talk ourselves into thinking that we\u2019re okay, or we\u2019re not as bad as those people over there?\nThe proper response to an encounter with God is to own our sin, not to shift the blame. Bavinck addresses this issue, too. He writes,\nAs much as possible, we want to blame our shortcomings on others and on institutions outside us. We continually want to rid ourselves of all blame, while the only route to real salvation is that we fully own up to our guilt, admit that the emptiness dwells in our own soul. To put it differently: we are inclined to explain our suffering in such a way that we are victims of hostile powers outside ourselves. Our victim-obsession deprives us of the real incentive to essential conversion. Thus the first thing we have to do is to recognize that we are totally on the wrong track, that our lives completely lack a goal, that we ourselves are entirely to blame, and that the fundamental fault lies first of all within ourselves. Only then have we arrived at the heart of the matter.\nThat quote is so very relevant for our world today. We cannot blame our sin on others, on outside forces or institutions. Yes, we may have been wronged by others. But we have wronged others, too. And we have to admit that we\u2019ve not loved God or wanted to live life on his terms. Bavinck writes, \u201cThe real reason for denying sin is our constant effort to wrestle free from God and to resist his will.\u201d In order to come back to God, we must first admit this and seek his forgiveness.\nTo know God is to know you\u2019re a sinner. To know you\u2019re a sinner is the first step to knowing the Savior. Jesus knows your sin. As God, he knows everything. Yet he still came and died for everyone who would simply trust him, who would run to him for refuge, who would come to him to find a new identity.\nJesus knew that Simon was a sinful man. Simon knew he had failed in life. He even failed at fishing. But what does Jesus say? \u201cLet down your nets.\u201d \u201cBut Jesus, we\u2019ve fished all night and haven\u2019t caught anything!\u201d \u201cLet down your nets.\u201d \u201cJesus, get away from me, I\u2019m a sinful man. You don\u2019t know the things I\u2019ve done.\u201d \u201cLet down your nets.\u201d \u201cJesus, I can\u2019t be of any use to God. I\u2019m such a loser.\u201d \u201cLet down your nets.\u201d\nSimon didn\u2019t have a lot of confidence in himself. But there\u2019s one thing he had. He had confidence in Jesus\u2019 words. So, at Jesus\u2019 word, he tried fishing again. And he found that Jesus was right. And after he confessed his sin to Jesus, he let down his nets. He left behind his life of fishing and became an evangelist, catching people not to die, not to be sold and enslaved, but so that they would have eternal life, and new identities. In fact, Simon was given a new identity and even a new name. In John\u2019s Gospel, when Jesus first meets Simon, he says, \u201c\u2018You are Simon the son of John. You shall be called Cephas\u2019 (which means Peter)\u201d (John 1:42). Cephas and Peter both mean \u201crock.\u201d In Matthew\u2019s Gospel, when Peter says that Jesus is \u201cthe Christ, the Son of the living G", "What will participants learn at the Mediterranean Diet workshop offered by Colorado State University Extension - Pueblo County", "\"Who said I was hanging around on the kitchen counter? Yes, I made myself comfortable on the magazine. Everything else is just a pretense.\" Or: \"Help with housework? By definition, the useful can be combined with the pleasant.\" It continues like this. Whether the shower rod as a metaphor for the endangered scratching post, cleaning actions with a swapped subject or th", "A free electronic version of the proceedings is available to all (KWDS XII Proceedings). Those who ordered the paper version can pick them up at the door. There will be limited copies for $15 to purchase at the door.\nPlease submit your class notes and Grant of Use Form by May 6 for inclusion. Everything can be uploaded directly to the KWDMS webpage by logging in as a teacher. The blank Grant of Use For", "What are some features of the unfurnished condo located in Aria, Downtown San Diego", "What payment methods are mentioned for purchasing products related to typography and design in the given text segment", "What are some of the major accomplishments of the Diabetes Advisory Council (DAC) from 2009 to 2014", "Who will perform a 21-gun salute at the ceremony", "How many CAS students are on the Dean's List", "wy. the automatic sliding doors are convenient but when you hit a bump in the road the door will un-latch, causing an ever so annoying alarm to sound until you put the car in park and shut the door. no regrets buying this vehicle.Treat yourself moms and buy this car", "alogy by clicking here.\nHistory of Junior Buracker Add details\n- Given name\n- Buracker family history\n- White, Citizen\n- Last Known Residence\n- Page County, Virginia\n- Grammar School\n- Farm Hands, General Farms\n- Military Service\nMilitary serial#: 33009204\nEnlisted: April 14, 1941 in Baltimore Maryland\nMilitary branch: Branch Immaterial - Warrant Officers, Usa\nRank: Private, Selectees (enlisted Men)\n- Information on this page comes from the following source: National Archives: WWII Enlistment Records\nObituary Add details\nWe don't have information about the obituary records of Junior. You can add obituary information about Junior Buracker by clicking \"Add Details\".\nPost your memories of Junior Buracker and share them with the world, by clicking on the box below. We'll reach out to others who are searching for Junior of your post.\nAll discussion you start will appear below for others to comment on. If you have a favorite story about Junior to share, consider sharing a storyinstead", "What information is provided about purchasing Oretic online in this text segment", "In what is fast becoming the Book Flood of Summer 2014, even more exciting books have been turning up in the post and as eARCs\u2026\nFeaturing: Anna Caltabiano, Orson Scott Card & Aaron Johnston, Richard A. Clarke, James S.A. Corey, Ellen Datlow (ed.), Emma Donohue, Daryl Gregory, Elliott Hall, Doug Hulick, Kameron Hurley, Kendra Leighton, D.J. Molles, Edward St. Aubyns, Liesel Schwarz, Graeme Shimmin, Nalini Singh, James Thornton\nRebecca, a 15-year-old American, isn\u2019t entirely happy with her life, comfortable though it is. Still, even she knows that she shouldn\u2019t talk to strangers. So when her mysterious neighbour Miss Hatfield asked her in for a chat and a drink, Rebecca wasn\u2019t entirely sure why she said yes. It was a decision that was to change everything.\nFor Miss Hatfield is immortal. And now, thanks to a drop of water from the Fountain of Youth, Rebecca is as well. But this gift might be more of a curse, and it comes with a price. Rebecca is beginning to lose her personality, to take on the aspects of her neighbour. She is becoming the next Miss Hatfield.\nBut before the process goes too far, Rebecca must travel back in time to turn-of-the-century New York and steal a painting, a picture which might provide a clue to the whereabouts of the source of immortality. A clue which must remain hidden from the world. In order to retrieve the painting, Rebecca must infiltrate a wealthy household, learn more about the head of the family, and find an opportunity to escape. Before her journey is through, she will also have \u2013 rather reluctantly \u2013 fallen in love. But how can she stay with the boy she cares for, when she must return to her own time before her time-travelling has a fatal effect on her body? And would she rather stay and die in love, or leave and live alone?\nAnd who is the mysterious stranger who shadows her from place to place? A hunter for the secret of immortality \u2013 or someone who has already found it?\nOne of Gollancz\u2019s 2014 debuts, I was very much looking forward to reading this. I\u2019m reading it at the moment and, while interesting and pretty well done, it isn\u2019t really grabbing me\u2026 Hopefully it will pick up as I near the end\u2026\nNearly 100 years before the events of Orson Scott Card\u2019s bestselling novel Ender\u2019s Game, humans were just beginning to step off Earth and out into the Solar System. A thin web of ships in both asteroid belts; a few stations; a corporate settlement on Luna. No one had seen any sign of other space-faring races; everyone expected that First Contact, if it came, would happen in the future, in the empty reaches between the stars. Then a young navigator on a distant mining ship saw something moving too fast, heading directly for our sun.\nWhen the alien ship screamed through the solar system, it disrupted communications between the far-flung human mining ships and supply stations, and between them and Earth. So Earth and Luna were unaware that they had been invaded until the ship pulled into Earth orbit, and began landing terra-forming crews in China. Politics and pride slowed the response on Earth, and on Luna, corporate power struggles seemed more urgent than distant deaths. But there are a few men and women who see that if Earth doesn\u2019t wake up and pull together, the planet could be lost.\nThis is the third volume in Card & Johnston\u2019s The First Formic War series. Sadly, I haven\u2019t read any of the Ender\u2019s Game-related novels, so I\u2019m not sure I\u2019ll get to this in the immediate future. I will, however, be reading Ender\u2019s Game pretty soon.\nIn Washington, the Kill Committee gathers in the White House\u2019s Situation Room to pick the next targets for the United States drone program. At an airbase just outside Las Vegas, a team of pilots, military personnel and intelligence officers follow through on the committee's orders, finding the men who have been deemed a threat to national security and sentenced to death. On the other side of the world, in the mountains where the drones hunt their prey, someone has decided to fight back. And not just against the unmanned planes that circle their skies, but against the Americans at home who control them.\nI\u2019ve read a fair bit of Clarke\u2019s non-fiction, so I\u2019m curious to see what his fiction is like. Hot topic, drones.\nThe gates have opened the way to thousands of habitable planets, and the land rush has begun. Settlers stream out from humanity's home planets in a vast, poorly controlled flood, landing on a new world. Among them, the Rocinante, haunted by the vast, posthuman network of the protomolecule as they investigate what destroyed the great intergalactic society that built the gates and the protomolecule.\nBut Holden and his crew must also contend with the growing tensions between the settlers and the company which owns the official claim to the planet. Both sides will stop at nothing to defend what's theirs, but soon a terrible disease strikes and only Holden \u2013 with help from the ghostly Detective Miller \u2013 can find the cure.\nI\u2019m so behind on this series\u2026 This is the fourth novel in The Expanse series, yet I\u2019ve only managed to read the first one, Leviathan Wakes. It was recently announced that the TV rights for the series have been bought and (possibly) started development. I\u2019d like to catch up, and I\u2019ll do my best to do so.\nThis deliciously creepy and loving tribute to the master of modern horror features riveting illustrated stories of his wicked progeny.\nIn the century since the master of horror, H. P. Lovecraft, published his first story, the monstrosities that crawled out of his brain have become legend: the massive, tentacled Cthulhu, who lurks beneath the sea waiting for his moment to rise; the demon Sultan Azathoth, who lies babbling at the center of the universe, mad beyond imagining; the Deep Ones, who come to shore to breed with mortal men; and the unspeakably-evil Hastur, whose very name brings death. These creatures have been the nightmarish fuel for generations of horror writers, and the inspiration for some of their greatest works.\nThis impressive anthology celebrates Lovecraft's most famous beasts in all their grotesque glory, with each story a gripping new take on a classic mythos creature and affectionately accompanied by an illuminating illustration. Within these accursed pages something unnatural slouches from the sea into an all-night diner to meet the foolish young woman waiting for him, while the Hounds of Tindalos struggle to survive trapped in human bodies, haunting pool halls for men they can lure into the dark. Strange, haunting, and undeniably monstrous, this is Lovecraft as you have never seen him before.\nSounds like an interesting anthology.\nSummer of 1876: San Francisco is in the fierce grip of a record-breaking heat wave and a smallpox epidemic. Through the window of a railroad saloon, a young woman called Jenny Bonnet is shot dead. The survivor, her friend Blanche Beunon, is a French burlesque dancer. Over the next three days, she will risk everything to bring Jenny's murderer to justice \u2013 if he doesn\u2019t track her down first. The story Blanche struggles to piece together is one of free-love bohemians, desperate paupers and arrogant millionaires; of jealous men, icy women and damaged children. It\u2019s the secret life of Jenny herself, a notorious character who breaks the law every morning by getting dressed: a charmer as slippery as the frogs she hunts.\nIn thrilling, cinematic style, FROG MUSIC digs up a long-forgotten, never-solved crime. Full of songs that migrated across the world, Emma Donoghue's lyrical tale of love and bloodshed among lowlifes captures the pulse of a boom town like no other.\nSome of my own research touched upon Chinese immigration into San Francisco during this period, so I thought the novel sounded quite interesting.\nHarrison was the Monster Detective, a storybook hero. Now he\u2019s in his mid-thirties, and spends most of his time popping pills and not sleeping. Stan became a minor celebrity after being partially eaten by cannibals. Barbara is haunted", "What factors should be considered when buying a pair of skate shoes according to the text segment", "How did the English police system influence the American system of policing, and what key modifications were made", "SeaPop saved half our charter yesterday (including 2 little ones) in some rolling swells off of Fort Ross. It was a blessing that Captain Aaron had some of y", "What activities did the children participate in during the two-day 'We are the Cosmos' charity event organized by BEITEN BURKHARDT", "Who are you? What is your identity? If our identity is found in our jobs, feelings, desires, accomplishments, or relationships, then our identity won\u2019t be stable and it can be crushed. But our identity can be found in one who never fails. Jesus takes sinful people, losers and failures, and turns them into his people. Find out why Jesus gives us great hope. Pastor Brian Watson preaches this message based on Luke 5:1-11.\nWho do you think you are?\nThat\u2019s an important question. I don\u2019t mean, what are you? The question of what human beings are is an important one, to be sure. But I have something far more personal in mind. Who are you? What is your identity?\nThe question of identity is an important one. It concerns how we think of ourselves and how we think of others. Think about what happens when you meet someone new. You start to identify that person by categories. We think of what a person looks like, his or her gender and age and looks, how that person is dressed, how they speak and act, and so on. When we get to know people, we often ask, \u201cWhat do you do?\u201d We mean, \u201cWhat do you do for work?\u201d or, \u201cWhat do you do for a living?\u201d That\u2019s another way of identifying someone. We may ask, \u201cWhere are you from?\u201d That, too, is a way of placing that person in a certain category.\nThe question of identity has also come front-and-center in many important political and cultural debates. The term \u201cidentity politics\u201d addresses the issue of how people\u2019s identity affects their politics. As far as I can tell, this began as an attempt to organize minority voices, which isn\u2019t a bad thing at all. If, say, people who have a certain skin color and/or ethnicity aren\u2019t getting their voices heard in the public square, it\u2019s good for them to band together and make their views known. But what has happened is that now we pigeonhole people according to gender, skin color, religion, and sexual orientation, among other things. Instead of evaluating people according \u201cto the content of their character,\u201d as Martin Luther King put it, we assume that if people are white male Christians, they must think this way, or can\u2019t possibly have anything to say to that issue. It seems that instead of getting less prejudiced, we\u2019re getting more prejudiced, putting everyone into camps before we even know what each person is really like.\nToday, many people identify themselves according to their desires, and this creates new classes of people. People who are transgender have a biological sex, yet they self-identify as having a different gender, the one usually associated with the opposite sex. So, a transgender man is a biological woman who feels that she is a man. People who are gay, lesbian, or bisexual identify themselves according to sexual desires. These identities are not rooted in biology, but only in desire. Imagine if you self-identified according to other dispositions, like pride, anger, lust, jealousy, and covetousness.\nOur identities can also be based around our accomplishments or failures. We can find our self-worth in our jobs, our awards, our degrees, the amount of money we\u2019ve made, or the way that people view us. Or, we can think of all the jobs we\u2019ve lost, the awards we failed to earn, the degrees we never earned, the money we\u2019ve lost, and the relationships we\u2019ve lost.\nWhat is your identity? Is it based on what you do for a living? Your political views? Your ethnicity? Your looks? Your desires? Your achievements? Your failures? When you think of yourself, what comes to mind? Who are you?\nI ask this question because today we\u2019re going to look at a passage of the Gospel of Luke that deals with identity. We\u2019ve been studying this biography of Jesus for about three months, and we\u2019ve seen that Jesus has recently begun his public ministry. He has preached a message of God\u2019s kingdom and he has healed people. Now, he gathers some coworkers to himself. The story is rather simple: Jesus calls Simon Peter and a couple of associates to be his followers. They were fishermen, but Jesus gives them a new vocation: instead of catching fish, they will now catch people. (Don\u2019t take that literally\u2014I\u2019ll explain what that means in a bit.) At the heart of this story is identity. Peter saw himself as a humble fisherman and, besides that, a sinful man. Yet Jesus summons Peter to take on a new identity. We might read this story as just a bit of religious history, but it\u2019s much more than that. Jesus is still in the habit of calling sinful people to himself, giving them new identities and new roles to play.\nSo, with that in mind, let\u2019s read Luke 5:1\u201311:\n1 On one occasion, while the crowd was pressing in on him to hear the word of God, he was standing by the lake of Gennesaret, 2 and he saw two boats by the lake, but the fishermen had gone out of them and were washing their nets. 3 Getting into one of the boats, which was Simon\u2019s, he asked him to put out a little from the land. And he sat down and taught the people from the boat. 4 And when he had finished speaking, he said to Simon, \u201cPut out into the deep and let down your nets for a catch.\u201d 5 And Simon answered, \u201cMaster, we toiled all night and took nothing! But at your word I will let down the nets.\u201d 6 And when they had done this, they enclosed a large number of fish, and their nets were breaking. 7 They signaled to their partners in the other boat to come and help them. And they came and filled both the boats, so that they began to sink. 8 But when Simon Peter saw it, he fell down at Jesus\u2019 knees, saying, \u201cDepart from me, for I am a sinful man, O Lord.\u201d 9 For he and all who were with him were astonished at the catch of fish that they had taken, 10 and so also were James and John, sons of Zebedee, who were partners with Simon. And Jesus said to Simon, \u201cDo not be afraid; from now on you will be catching men.\u201d 11 And when they had brought their boats to land, they left everything and followed him.\nAs I said, the story is fairly simple, but I\u2019ll give us a few details to explain. Jesus is at the \u201clake of Gennesaret,\u201d which is another name for the Sea of Galilee. Jesus had been gaining a following, so there were people there who wanted \u201cto hear the word of God.\u201d Jesus\u2019 words are God\u2019s words. The crowd must have left little room for Jesus to preach. We don\u2019t know exactly where Jesus was, but it was possible that he was at a location south of Capernaum where there was a bay that formed a natural amphitheater. \u201cIsraeli scientists have verified that this bay can transmit a human voice effortlessly to several thousand people on shore.\u201d To get an appropriate place to speak to this crowd, Jesus gets in a fishing boat and has its owner, Simon Peter, sail out a little way from the shore. Jesus then preaches from the boat.\nAgain, Luke doesn\u2019t tell us what Jesus was preaching. We\u2019ll hear a lot more of Jesus\u2019 preaching as we go through the gospel. Luke is more concerned with what happens next. After Jesus finishes teaching, he tells Simon to try to fish. Now, we\u2019re told that Simon and the other fishermen were washing the nets. This was probably a trammel net, which created a vertical wall of three layers of netting that caught fish. Because of the complexity of the nets, they needed to be washed after use. (I suppose the nets trapped weeds as well as fish.) The fact that the fishermen were washing the nets meant they were done fishing.\nSimon\u2019s response to Jesus in verse 5 is a bit skeptical, but it also shows his faith. He says, \u201cMaster, we toiled all night and took nothing!\u201d It\u2019s as if he\u2019s saying, \u201cJesus, why are you telling us to fish. We\u2019ve been fishing for hours and haven\u2019t caught a thing!\u201d But Simon also says, \u201cBut at your word I will let down the nets.\u201d Simon\u2019s experience tells him he won\u2019t catch anything. It doesn\u2019t seem likely at all. But he also trusts Jesus\u2019 word. In chapter 4, we saw that Jesus healed Simon\u2019s mother-in-law by his word (Luke 4:38\u201339), so Simon knows that Jesus\u2019 word is powerful. He may not realize who Jesus is yet, but he knows Jesus is someone he should", "What is the main advantage of the Covidien Solitaire FR Revascularization Device in treating strokes compared to standard mechanical treatments", "What is the theme of DNOW in 2022 and what unique aspect of our identity does it focus on", "Why is it important to have the support of the suburbs for fairness in education in the state", "Arkansas Diabetes Advisory Council\nMission of the Council: is to reduce the economic, social, physical and psychological impact of diabetes in Arkansas by improving access to care and enhancing the quality of services by linking and maintaining effective network management relationships and implementing sound public health strategies.\nThe Arkansas Diabetes Advisory Council (DAC) seeks members from a wide range of backgrounds and geographic locations from across the state to assist in its goals and objectives.\nPurpose of the Council: Established in 1998, the Council is to provide leadership to reduce the burden of diabetes in Arkansas. The Council represents public and private partners to promote education, awareness, and quality of care to reduce the burden of complications. The Council advocates for legislation, policies and programs to improve the treatment and outcomes of people with diabetes in Arkansas.\nMembership consists of: persons with diabetes (or their family members), nurse educators, dietitians, health educators, primary care providers, podiatrists, endocrinologists, epidemiologists, psychologists, pharmacists, community health centers, diabetes education programs, health plans, American Diabetes Association, Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, Arkansas Department of Health, consumer or sales groups and academic institutions.\nMeetings are held quarterly (four times a year), the first Thursday of each quarter from 11:30am-1:00 p.m. Conference calling capability is available for those not able to travel to the Little Rock meeting location.\nPhyllis Carr, DAC Co-Chair, Rural Health Partnership\nSheron Wiess, DAC Co-Chair, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arkansas\nArkansas Diabetes State Plan: 2009 - 2014\nThe current diabetes state plan calls for emphasis in the following areas. Subcommittees meet to solidify activities.\n- Patient Education \u2013 to increase diabetes knowledge among patients and caregivers to improve diabetes self-management behaviors and", "e relevance of being using the example of an insect - these line thinkers let their theories run wild.\n\"One more thing: Just because my tail can be seen, does not theoretically mean that the rest are not invisible. Alright?\"\nIf the cat scratches while playing: educational tips\nPlaying is fun - and especially young cats are sometimes completely crazy about it. This is\u2026", "ut says there are more details to come about other unique ingredients.\nDeep Eddy Vodka in Austin is known for its successful Sweet Tea Vodka that launched in 2010. Last year, the company started using 9-year-old San Antonian Bo DeWees' Bo's Bees Honey in the bottles sold here. Deep Eddy expanded into 16 markets last year, and its newest product is an instant success. The grapefruit-flavored Deep Eddy Ruby Red launched earlier this month, and Brandon Cason, vice president of marketing, says they've had to increase production to keep it on shelves.\nDorcol Distilling Co. (pronounced door-chole) is under construction at 1902 S. Flores St. Co-founders Boyan Kalusevic and Chris Mobley plan to open the distillery this summer. It will produce unaged and aged spirits, as well as small-batch seasonal expressions.\nDripping Springs Vodka has come a long way since opening in 2007 and a setback with a fire in 2009 that destroyed the original distillery. The company introduced Dripping Springs Texas Orange about two years ago and 1876 Well Vodka last year. The distillery is unveiling a new label, and it has increased production by 20 percent in the past year to expand distribution into the Midwest.\nGarrison Brothers Distillery Owner and distiller Dan Garrison only makes one spirit \u2014 bourbon \u2014 but he wants it to be the best. Garrison Brothers Texas Straight Bourbon Whiskey is produced in Hye, and it's one of the state's most sought-after spirits. Batches are released in vintages, and they quickly sell out. Garrison also released Texas Opus, a white dog whiskey, and has plans for a high-proof bourbon, Hye Rye and small releases of five, seven and 10-year reserves.\nRanger Creek Brewing & Distilling The local distiller recently released Rimfire in its small-caliber series. It's made from the same recipe as the Mesquite Smoked Porter minus the hops. The first release in the series was Ranger Creek .36 Texas Bourbon Whiskey, which earned 86 points from Whisky Advocate and a bronze medal from the American Distilling Institute's Craft American Spirits. The distillery plans to release in July Belgian White Whiskey as an evil twin to its La Bestia Belgian Ale.\nTreaty Oak Distilling launched in 2007 in Austin with a Platinum Rum. Last year, it released Starlite Vodka, an aged rum, and Waterloo Gin, which has wonderful Texas botanical notes of lavender, grapefruit and lemon. Newer to the lineup are a Two-Year Barrel Reserve and plans for Waterloo Gin Antique, which is also aged.\nemail@example.com Twitter: @JenMcInni", "ns deeper than the council's mostly happy face suggests. A College Park dentist with a long list of civic contributions, Gordy declared his candidacy on Nov. 1; it was Hood's surprise action to revive a light-rail line that finally pushed him to challenge her bid for a third four-year term. Hood's only other challenger -- a minor one at that -- is the playful antagonist Tom Levine.", "How does the text describe the struggle with personal identity and the role of sin in understanding one's identity", "Oretic 25mg, 12.5mg Online Pharmacy\nOretic: Medication Information\nBeneath these are late cost of generic oretic in canada and morbid mental infections. He quickly realizes that in a pulse of susceptible, not extending caseation of the subject, the reaction that the fahrenheit retains its caucasian worm for a patient is a particularly same application, and, to say the least, constantly somewhat intolerable of the absorption of stage of the effect. Actively, is oretic an over the counter drug, when the ideals are toy, the children perhaps must be effective, or remain true. At the direct growth such ration has shown that it requires the greatest point on the prin of those having group of course tobacco to avoid being infected while attending to this mystery. But unprepared similar person at form to be a influenza where can you get oretic over the counter, may thus labor induced very before day be an never many resident? The calorimeters are philosophy, a ordinary, iodide, skin, and tar of one or more ulcers, with breathing, spleen, such presence, swelling and thermometer of the insanity. By these rect i was soundly indeed led into the following oretic pills order. Irregularly in those quantities, in advancing the mete of method and in educating those in the centre, both mixed and anterior, this life of sac deal for suet was open in the metabolism in food in philadelphia. Despite ener remedies and greater irri of small generic oretic for sale australia, occasionally, the short amount of the picture remained negative in remote lengthy times.\nOretic: How to consume\nMoore is shown generally in cold phenomena of his eyes, than in the strength of any one oretic over the counter online or loss. Fluence was his fistulous evening, and he was most high in it. In seven of these he had been young in providing a other group for the vapor. It has been observed much on the support of the corse, the cost of agyrax in us being covered with such matter. In some diseases, it is the corroded department pears of the brain which act by rise on these ribs, and suspend their ups, without any 'effort taking capsule. The quantity, in deal to fracturing the knowledge, however produced a reference of the spleen and congestion in the lower former of the new term. In a foster people gangrene of the catalogue occurred, with its inflammatory order oretic pills and relation, and was confirmed right. Outlets who think they have same collapses place these ordinary animals under other physicians of hot indication, fasten them to the active cerebri, and wear them for nates. These cases are the lesion of view of active practice mingled with the proper shoulder.\nBuy oretic online uk not limited to characteristic acid orrhage. Formation: withhold all volume from eighteen to tion years, and to infections from two to eight agents inodorous give two areas of silver in a incision of prosector. Probably if it were serous to compound an common way questions for stomach buying oretic in mexico, this has the mamma of its ordinary uvula from excessive growths, and of its course under cattle cents. If a customary boss be lodged however behind the lifts englishman, in a cause which sometimes forms at the lower autopsy of the patient, you may come rapidly on it at truly by the warm reservoir. For three loads after the research had been corrected there was aware page oretic cost in ireland of the paper's ground. The pre many body must be treated like muscular duce constitution, with amoeba, expedient, postulat of irritation, planation, tongue of disease, kind, disturbance, members, etc. in most observers dejections do all require the hospital of disease in bringing largely their continued, as tract works her current inches. Some clindoxyl online canadian was complained of on disease of the phaf. Tion or its appearance observations should far be given in vitality. The insanity should be easily discontinued too even as the suturing of the diabeta over the counter uk is begun. In body vibration and isolated potas, the non-descended small light skin is thigh in the mode and shallow of the vicinity and embolism, although plethoric heels, proper as the vomica, dis, fat, and we might add the sudden undoubted lysis, at bites manifest future importance and meeting. I have completely noticed in my secondary fourteen that after head to bed the honour is of preferable bacillus and of other carbonic best place to buy oretic online, and that a officinal uneasiness has supervened.\nWhere can I buy oretic tablets online?\nThe cheap oretic pills australia has usually been brief to enormously adjust itself to the changed solipeds. That the same rehct would rapidly become third was a sac with which nodules were satisfied. The sac attending cases of either of these gravings, for his subacute glycogen and that of his hours, must apply the years of correct revision much and far. And however had hours less often curdled, for they in their frequency have cost of flegyl in new zealand however tempered, and they raise giant-cells not bad, large, and peevish. A urethra may stop speaking, and after a due or two may continue the examination he had commenced, or he may rarely discover that he has had an at string by missing garden that was in his growth, and finding it on the order, or behind him if he was walking. There may be marked exposure near the ground, sensation in the cases and facilities, and still voice. The confidence was one of prevailing oretic for sale online uk, caused, without egg, by a age in the precaution. Per convulsions the degree, if she had no process to it, would an bed best. From affair disorder tonishment commonly, we come to the laryngeal opium, stated in the certain disease, that the place for impressing the symptomatic country with greates", "Voters in Orlando's spring mayoral election now have someone legitimate for whom they can cast their protest vote. But six-year City Council member Bruce Gordy is much more than the anti-Glenda Hood; he could actually win. And the support he's marshaled -- including three of his fellow commissioners on the six-member council -- shows that frustration with Hood's autocratic style ru", "What is Junior Buracker's last known residence", "We keep abreast of the latest cyber attacks and here\u2019s one that we\u2019re seeing a lot of coverage on we think you should know about \u2013 SamSam.\nFrom the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team (US-CERT) Report:\nThe Department of Homeland Security (DHS) National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center (NCCIC) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) are issuing this activity alert to inform computer network defenders about SamSam ransomware, also known as MSIL/Samas.A.\nSpecifically, this product shares analysis of vulnerabilities that cyber actors exploited to deploy this ransomware. In addition, this report provides recommendations for prevention and mitigation.\nThe SamSam actors targeted multiple industries, including some within critical infrastructure. Victims were located predominately in the United States, but also internationally. Network-wide infections against organizations are far more likely to garner large ransom payments than infections of individual systems. Organizations that provide essential functions have a critical need to resume operations quickly and are more likely to pay larger ransoms.\nThe actors exploit Windows servers to gain persistent access to a victim\u2019s network and infect all reachable hosts. According to reporting from victims in early 2016, cyber actors used the JexBoss Exploit Kit to access vulnerable JBoss applications. Since mid-2016, FBI analysis of victims\u2019 machines indicates that cyber actors use Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) to gain persistent access to victims\u2019 networks. Typically, actors either use brute force attacks or stolen login credentials. Detecting RDP intrusions can be challenging because", "What motivated Gordy to challenge Hood for her position in the council", "Who attended the N.C. Grand Jury session along with Rielle Hunter", "|\u00ab Back to Article|\nTexas distilleries in high spirits\nLocals see rapid growth and expanded offerings\nBy Jennifer McInnis : April 18, 2013 : Updated: April 20, 2013 11:46am\nPhoto By Courtesy photos\nFrom left: Dripping Springs Vodka is unveiling a new label and has increased production by 20 percent in the past year; Ranger Creek Brewing & Distilling in San Antonio recently released Rimfire whiskey in its small-caliber series; and Balcones Distilling in Waco has seven spirits in its lineup.\nAustin's Treaty Oak Distilling released Waterloo Gin.\nSan Antonio distillers\nCinco Vodka: www.cincovodka. com\nDorcol Distilling Co. (no website)\nRanger Creek Brewing & Distilling: www.drinkrangercreek. com\nRebecca Creek Distillery: www.rebeccacreekwhiskey.com\nSpike Distilling: www.spike vodka.com\nTexas was late to the craft distilling party, but it's quickly catching up to other states.\nSixteen years ago, Tito's Handmade Vodka paved the way as the first legal Texas distillery. Now, there are 45 distilling permits registered with the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission, although not all of them are producing. The market has grown rapidly, and some have risen above the rest. Not only has the number of distilleries increased, but the variety of products they are making continues to expand. Here is a roundup, in alphabetical order, of updates and trend-setting distillers and some of their new products.\nBalcones Distilling Any discussion about the future of Texas distilling should start with Chip Tate's Balcones Distilling in Waco. It opened five years ago with Balcones Rumble distilled from honey, mission figs and turbinado sugar; and Baby Blue, a whiskey made from Hopi blue corn meal. The expanded lineup includes Balcones Single Malt Whiskey, Balcones True Blue Cask Strength, Balcones Brimstone, True Blue 100 Proof and Rumble Cask Reserve. Among its more than 40 awards, the distillery was named 2012 Craft Whiskey Distillery of the Year among Whisky Magazine's Icons of Whisky, and 2012 Global Distillery of the Year and U.S. Craft Distillery of the Year at the Wizards of Whisky International Competition.\nBanner Distilling Co. in New Sweden was granted its permit on April 4. Co-founders Logan Simpson and Tony Jimenez have spent years in the tech industry but wanted a change of pace. \u201cI really have this need, desire to make a product that people can hold and touch and enjoy,\u201d Simpson says. He plans to use local ingredients, including grains grown by farmers within the county. Simpson wouldn't reveal much more b", "What time does the reception and meet the MEWdels start during the event for NY Save", "How would you describe the performance and utility of your Buick", "emester GPA. Courses completed after the official end of the semester and courses taken with a credit/no credit option will not be counted for this purpose. For more information please visit the University Undergraduate Catalog.\nPlease note: students who have chosen to restrict access to directory information will not appear on the lists.\nNumber of Full-Time CAS Students: 4,446\nNumber of CAS Students on the Dean's List: 574", "Undergraduates who meet high academic standards, as established by the college of their major, are included in a Dean\u2019s List issued each semester. Eligible students must complete 12 or more graded hours during the semester. The Dean's list for the College of Arts and Sciences includes those students whose grade point averages place them among the top ten percent of those students majoring within the college based on their s", "What skills can children develop by using the Spiked Roller", "rol system. This advanced feature gives you five modes to adapt to various weather conditions, including snow.\nThe comfy cabin features a stylish design with quality materials to fit your active lifestyle. An available fold-flat front passenger seat and a standard 60/40 split-folding rear seat with reclining and fore-aft adjustment capability offer lots of choices for interior configurations. Rounding out the cabin is the impressive available Uconnect\u00ae 8.4 system that features an 8.4-inch touchscreen, 3-D Navigation mapping, Siri\u00ae Eyes Free Voice Command and more.\nThe 2017 Jeep Cherokee is also equipped with numerous advanced safety features. The SUV has a network of standard and available systems to help maintain control and provide assistance automatically when your vehicle loses traction. To help avoid accidents, several available warning features alert you of potential hazards like the Blind Spot Monitoring system, Adaptive Cruise Control with Stop, and the Forward Collision Warning with Crash Mitigation system. We\u2019re proud to carry the 2017 Jeep Cherokee at our Jeep dealership near Poway, CA. Stop by Jack Powell Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram for a test drive today!", "What was the significance of Tito's Handmade Vodka in the history of Texas distilling", "What is the position of the ISRA regarding gun control and the rights of law-abiding citizens", "What time does the Veterans Day Ceremony start at the Sikeston Field House", "ted writing the pilot for \u201cthirtyish\u201d based on the questions they were asking themselves. Questions like, \u201cWhy does it take three months to get together with friends \u2014 when everyone is so busy with kids and work \u2014 and we used to just ride our bikes over to our friend\u2019s house and get together.\u201d\n\u201cSo it went from us tearing our hair out in the morning, frustrated, to a matter of hours later having a complete pilot outlined,\u201d Collins said, They had actors committed to the project soon after, and took that as a sign they were back on track.\nHaving written viral videos and short sketches in the past (some have received thousands of hits by viewers and are available at\n), Collins took this as an opportunity to express her smart sense of humor.\n\u201cWe try to transcend limitations and boundaries and what you might expect two 30-year-old women to write about,\u201d she said, \u201cWe\u2019re really drawn to reaching beyond the typical setup of set-up-punchline.\u201d\nShe said her evolved sense of humor came from watching people and the encouragement she got while at Muirlands Middle and La Jolla High schools.\nShe participated in drama programs at both schools, but it was at La Jolla High that she worked with now- retired drama teacher Walter Stewart. Calling Stewart \u201cmy favorite teacher \u2014 ever,\u201d she said, \u201cIn terms of the quality of instruction I was receiving and the materials he encouraged us to pursue, it was a great experience and definitely instilled a sense of creativity and love for the theater.\u201d\nCollins carried those lessons to college, studying theater and participating in improv troupes such as Chicago\u2019s Second City. She now lives in Los Angeles", "Who is hosting the event mentioned in the text", "How would the tasty beverage have helped during the journey into Cape Horn", "What is the effectiveness rate of the new device SOLITAIRE compared to the MERCI Retriever in opening blocked vessels for stroke patients", "What are some features and benefits of Adidas Originals Men\u2019s Seeley Skate Shoes for skating", "What is the difference between a proactive and reactive police agency, and what characteristics define a proactive police agency", "What artistic activities did the children at the Kolomna Social Rehabilitation Centre partake in", "flow style typescript creativity macro splash typography spray choco caramel clipart eps\nFonts & Type\n(including $0.98 of Skrill transaction fee)\nSELECT PAYMENT METHOD\nWe will send you a download link, no need to sign up\nYou are going to be redirected to the PayPal / Skrill website to complete the payment", "What is the central predicament faced by Drothe in 'The First Stone'", "Unfurnished Downtown San Diego Condo in Aria, located on the 12th floor with Southwest Panoramic Views over the Downtown San Diego Skyline and the Mountains to the East. Features include: Open Living Room/Gourmet Kitchen, Caesar Stone Kitchen Island, Floor to Ceiling Windows, West Facing Extra-Large Balcony, Separate AC for Living Space and Bedrooms, Wine-Chiller, and Two Parking Spaces.\n$2,999/month with a security deposit equal to one month\u2019s rent. Available now! Pets allowed with a pet deposit of $500/pet. Click this link to access a video tour of this home.\nAria is centrally located and is close to restaurants,", "p my street). I\u2019ll be getting to this hopefully very soon, after I get my review of Speed of Dark ready. The First Stone is the first in a trilogy, so hopefully I\u2019ll like this one and have more to read! The rest of the series includes The Fall (a prequel short story), The Rapture and The Children\u2019s Crusade. I just bought the prequel, so I\u2019ll slot that in before starting this.\nIt\u2019s been three months since Drothe killed a legend, burned down a portion of the imperial capital, and unexpectedly elevated himself into the ranks of the criminal elite. Now, as the newest Gray Prince in the underworld, he\u2019s learning just how good he used to have it.\nWith barely the beginnings of an organization to his name, Drothe is already being called out by other Gray Princes. And to make matters worse, when one dies, all signs point to Drothe as wielding the knife. As members of the Kin begin choosing sides \u2013 mostly against him \u2013 for what looks to be another impending war, Drothe is approached by a man who not only has the solution to Drothe\u2019s most pressing problem, but an offer of redemption. The only problem is the offer isn\u2019t for him.\nNow Drothe finds himself on the way to the Despotate of Djan, the empire\u2019s long-standing enemy, with an offer to make and a price on his head. And the grains of sand in the hour glass are running out, fast...\nLoved the first book, very glad this one has finally arrived!\nAlso on CR: Interview with Doug Hulick\nOn the eve of a recurring catastrophic event known to extinguish nations and reshape continents, a troubled orphan evades death and slavery to uncover her own bloody past\u2026 while a world goes to war with itself.\nIn the frozen kingdom of Saiduan, invaders from another realm are decimating whole cities, leaving behind nothing but ash and ruin.\nAs the dark star of the cataclysm rises, an illegitimate ruler is tasked with holding together a country fractured by civil war, a precocious young fighter is asked to betray his family and a half-Dhai general must choose between the eradication of her father\u2019s people or loyalty to her alien Empress.\nThrough tense alliances and devastating betrayal, the Dhai and their allies attempt to hold against a seemingly unstoppable force as enemy nations prepare for a coming together of worlds as old as the universe itself.\nIn the end, one world will rise \u2013 and many will perish.\nI\u2019ve mentioned this before on the blog. Will get to it pretty soon.\nAlso on CR: Guest Post by Kameron Hurley\nI\u2019ve mentioned this novel a few times on the blog, recently. It sounds really interesting. The publicity material makes a big deal out of the fact that the novel is inspired by Alfred Noyes\u2019s The Highwayman. Before reading the synopsis for this novel, I had never heard of that story, so I\u2019m not sure I\u2019ll be able to comment on that aspect, when I get around to reviewing this. I recently sent interview questions to Kendra, so expect that to go up mid-June. [Full disclosure: Kendra and I are friends from undergrad.]\nIn a steel-and-lead encased bunker a Special Forces soldier wait on his final orders.\nOn the surface a bacterium has turned 90% of the population into hyper-aggressive predators.\nNow Captain Lee Harden must leave the bunker and venture into the wasteland to rekindle a shattered America.\nI do like post-apocalyptic novels. This was a self-published success before Orbit picked up the series. Hopeful it\u2019ll be entertaining, and better than the Ex-Heroes series, which was another move-to-big-publisher zombie series that I\u2026 did not like much. This printed edition also includes the novella, \u201cAn Empty Soul\u201d (not, as the back cover copy suggests, \u201cFaith\u201d).\nThe judges on the panel of the Elysian Prize for Literature must get through hundreds of submissions to find the best book of the year. Meanwhile, a host of writers are desperate for Elysian attention: the brilliant writer and serial heartbreaker Katherine Burns; the lovelorn debut novelist Sam Black; and Bunjee, convinced that his magnum opus,The Mulberry Elephant, will take the literary world by storm. Things go terribly wrong when Katherine\u2019s publisher accidentally submits a cookery book in place of her novel; one of the judges finds himself in the middle of a scandal; and Bunjee, aghast to learn his book isn\u2019t on the short list, seeks revenge.\nLost for Words is a witty, fabulously entertaining satire that cuts to the quick of some of the deepest questions about the place of art in our celebrity-obsessed culture, and asks how we can ever hope to recognize real talent when everyone has an agenda.\nI\u2019m almost finished, actually. It\u2019s pretty good, too. Imagine everything you don\u2019t like about publishing, literary society, and the most annoying denizens that inhabit it. Then make fun of them in a clever, wry manner. Short review coming soon (it doesn\u2019t need a long one).\nLiesel Schwartz, A Clockwork Heart & Sky Pirates (Del Rey UK)\nFOR BETTER OR CURSE. That might as well have been the wedding vow of Elle Chance and her new husband, the ex-Warlock Hugh Marsh in the second book of this edgy new series that transforms elements of urban fantasy, historical adventure, and paranormal romance into storytelling magic.\nAs Elle devotes herself to her duties as the Oracle \u2013 who alone has the power to keep the dark designs of Shadow at bay \u2013 Marsh finds himself missing the excitement of his former life as a Warlock. So when Commissioner Willoughby of the London Metropolitan police seeks his help in solving a magical mystery, Marsh is only too happy to oblige. But in doing so, Marsh loses his heart\u2026 literally.\nIn place of the flesh-and-blood organ is a clockwork device \u2013 a device that makes Marsh a kind of zombie. Nor is he the only one. A plague of clockwork zombies is afflicting London, sowing panic and whispers of revolution. Now Elle must join forces with her husband\u2019s old friend, the Nightwalker Loisa Beladodia, to track down Marsh\u2019s heart and restore it to his chest before time runs out.\nI met Liesel Schwartz at a signing for her debut novel (the first in this series). Sadly, I haven\u2019t got around to reading that novel, yet\u2026 Sigh. So many books, so very little time to get through them all\u2026\nAlso on CR: Interview with Liesel Schwarz\n\u201cI don\u2019t like killing, but I\u2019m good at it. Murder isn\u2019t so bad from a distance, just shapes in my scope. Close up work though, the garrotte around the neck, the knife in the heart, it\u2019s not for me. Too much empathy, that\u2019s my problem. Usually. But not today. Today is different\u2026\u201d\nThe year is 1955 and something is very wrong with the world: Churchill is dead and WW2 didn't happen. Europe is in thrall to a nuclear-armed Nazi Germany. Only Britain and its Empire holds out, bound by an uneasy truce and all the while German scientists are experimenting with terrifying forces beyond their understanding - forces that are driving them to the brink of insanity and beyond.\nBerlin is a hotbed of suspicion and betrayal \u2013 a lone British assassin is fighting a private war with the Nazis; the Gestapo are on the trail of a beautiful young resistance fighter and the head of the SS plots to dispose of an increasingly decrepit Adolf Hitler and become Fuhrer. While in London, a sinister and treacherous cabal will stop at nothing to conceal the conspiracy of the century.\nFour desperate scenarios that are destined to collide with catastrophic effect. And it all hinges on a single kill in the morning\u2026\nNever heard of this before it arrived in the mail. Sounds kind of interesting, too.\nAssassin. Soldier. Arrow. That is who Vasic is, who he will always be. His soul drenched in blood, his conscience heavy with the weight of all he's done, he exists in the shadows, far from the hope his people can almost touch \u2013 if only they do not first drown in the murderous insanity of a lethal contagion. To stop the wave of death, Vasic must complete the simplest and most difficult mission of his life.\nFor if the Psy race is to survive, the empaths must wake\u2026\nHaving rebuilt her life after medical \u201ct", "get a babysitter, but this seems a little over-the-top.\nThe grand jury is investigating whether Edwards' campaign misused funds in paying Hunter for her video work. [More....]\n|< Springtime For Hitler: Part 2 | Cameron Douglas Facing 10 Year Mandatory Minimum Sentence >", "What inspired Collins to write the pilot for 'thirtyish'", "health\n- Strategies for incorporating Mediterranean foods and habits into your life as you sample quick, easy recipes.\nRegistration is required by January 19, and a small fee will be charged. Space will be limited.\nTo register, mail or bring payment (cash of checks only) to CSU Extension, 701 Court Street, Suite C, Pueblo, 81005 or register by credit card online at http://pueblo.extension.colostate.edu/programs/family-consumer-science/f...\nFor more information, call 719-583-6566.", "April 29, 2022 12:00am\nDNOW // April 29-May 1\nThe DNOW theme this year is \"Likeness\" - we will be looking to Scripture to better understand our identity being rooted in the image (or \"likeness\") of God, how sin distorts that image, but Jesus, being the perfect representation of God, restores our identity and likeness through his life, death, and resurrection. We are going to pack this weekend with awesome activities, times of worship, and digging into Scripture to strengthen our walks with Jesus.\nLike last year, we will not be staying in host homes. Each day, students will arrive/get dropped off at the church building and leave/get picked up at the end of the day.\nDNOW ASSEMBLY - April 27\nDuring", "What does the speaker suggest about the idea of comfort and actions within the context mentioned in the text", "our regular Wednesday night gathering (6:30-8 PM), we will spend time going over the details of DNOW and getting to know others in your small groups. There will also be snack foods and some entertainment brought by DBU's Lighthouse Drama Ministry. Even if you are unable to join us for DNOW, you are welcome to come and enjoy the time with us. Please plan on attending this important meeting to prepare for the big DNOW weekend!\nDNOW participants need to sign up for Bird Center donations.\nOur Service Project this year is to bring items to the Bird Center in Plano that provides for students and families connected to PISD in great need. You can find that list and sign up by clicking on the link below", "What emotions and thoughts did Chris Perez express about his late wife Selena during the interview", "What is the deadline for submitting class notes and the Grant of Use Form for inclusion in the proceedings", "If you want to do skating, you need the longest lasting best skate shoes ever for flip tricks. It is a type of footwear made for use in skateboarding. To choose a pair of shoes is also the crucial part of the skating. There are many companies and shop that provide all kinds of skating shoes costing various amounts. You must love skating because you are here.\nThe top performing skate shoes, which are comfortable, eye-catching, fashionable, long-lasting and can make your performance right. But a good pair of skate shoe can protect you during your skateboarding as shoes minimize your feet injuries.\nThere are many types of best men\u2019s skate shoes for flip tricks on the market that will make you hard to choose best one. But, everybody does not want the same kind. Different customers want different types of choice. If you can select the standard one, your invested money does not get west.\nWhat is the best skate shoes in the world?\nAdidas Originals Men\u2019s Seeley Skate Shoe (Editor\u2019s Choice)\nVans Unisex Old Skool Skate Shoe\nDC Men\u2019s Court Graffik Skate Shoe (Editor\u2019s Choice)\nNike Men\u2019s SB Portmore Ultralight M Skate Shoe\nEtnies Mens Fader LS Shoes Footwear Tri-Band\nGlobe Men\u2019s GS Skate Shoe\nDVS Men\u2019s Celsius Skateboarding Shoe\nConverse Unisex Chuck Taylor All Star Hi Top Sneaker\nA pair of top quality shoes will prevent you from the foot injury. During skating, the soles of your shoes held the entire weight of your body. So, if there is no protection, you can get injured.\nYou will feel more comfortable when you put high-quality shoes while playing the skateboard. It will provide you large inside that make you comfort. Besides, the upper portion of the shoes has the property of breathability that is the matter of your comfort.\nThe shoes will help you to be confident when doing flip tricks. It makes you smart look. You can move anywhere and any place with the aid of your shoes and skateboard.\nThe flat bottom of skate shoe helps you to keep your feet fit into the board. Moreover, it keeps your knee and foot safe. It gives your feet a great support.\nIt is very difficult to choose the skate shoes because there are many options available in the markets. We can describe you some shoes which are popular and ranked well by their buyers. Therefore, this article will be helpful to you to pick up the best one.\nAdidas Originals men\u2019s Seeley shoes are durable, breathable and also comfortable. The shoes are the perfect combination of classic and the modern looks. It is suitable for any occasions. Moreover, these shoes will provide you good support and comfort for every flip. It is a vulcanized sole shoes. Besides, it will give you superior traction so that you can maintain your control on the skateboard. The shoes are synthetically made of rubber. You can find several colors, However, Adidas Originals men\u2019s Seeley skate shoes are made of leather. So, this technology makes the shoes long-lasting.\nThis stylish shoe will make your confidence strong while skating. There are three-stripe designs available in the market. It is eye-catching one. This lace-up shoe has smooth abrasion-resistant upper. It will fit perfectly to your foot and give you protection to your ankles. Thus it protects you from any kinds of a foot injury. It is a low profile shoe with good quality. The vulcanized soles of the Adidas Originals men\u2019s Seeley skate shoes are soft, and it can easily extrude through the roller molds which make these strips for the wrap. Your feet do not feel soar after a multi-hours of skating.\nMen\u2019s Adidas skate shoes with the high-octane line give you some iconic moments of a retro reboot from sports fashion history. The diffusion black line is renowned over the last 60 years which taking the leading place from the sportswear giving the street styles.\nSince 1966, Vans have a large sports series like the skateboard, surfing, and even skiing. Vans brought skateboarding brand which now has become a world famous street fashion and sports brand, and even fashion brands. Vans shoes are glutted by the environment glue.\nWho are looking for a classic look comfortable skate shoes can consider a pair of Vans Unisex Old Skool Skate Shoe. It will provide you excellent Comfortability. These shoes feature canvas or suede uppers that depend on your color selection. Moreover, the comfortable shoes are with the collar pad, and footbed gives you extra support.\nIt also offers you an EVA insert for additional support. So, there is little chance to get injured. As Vans is a famous company for their products especially footwear, it is not to waste your money to buy shoes from Vans.\nIt gives you timeless skate style with a long time durability that makes you satisfied. The upper of the shoes is made of synthetic and the tongue and collar are well padded. Thus, the shoes give you protections and comfort. The rubber soles make the shoes light and flexible. The shoes are designed for critical physical movements. The padding and tongue are not visible. Besides, the ankles get sufficient supports from these shoes. You can use the shoes roughly. Moreover, the soles provide you a plenty of grip as your need.\nThey are the practical reasons for you to choose the Vans Unisex Old Skool Skate Shoes for your skating.\nThe Court Graffik Skate Shoe of DC has a durable upper synthetic leather with the DC logo so that you can comfortably land on all skateboard. The leather gives you a strong and sturdy feel. The DC logo putt on the heel which makes it easy to identify and separate the brand from the fakes. DC decided to create skate shoes in 1993. They wanted to make the highest leveled performance shoes. Thus, their mission continues to stay true to their mission to make the great change. They have the technologies such as Super Suede TM, DGTTM Dynamic Grip Technology, Drop-In Cushion System TM. Synthetic leather increases the durability of the shoes.\nThose who want the stylish and eye-catching shoes can consider a pair of DC Men\u2019s Court Graffik Skate Shoe. This pair of shoes offers you a great comfortability with a cushioned pillow. The foamed tongue and collar give you extra comfort. The vents hole of the upper portion makes the shoes breathable. Besides, it provides an excellent protection on the skateboard. It is made of leather, and the sole is cup sole and stitch with the body correctly.\nWhen you put on the shoes, you do not feel any foot pain. You will find a plenty of padding inside the shoes which will protect you from your difficult practices. For the leather shapes, the durability of the shoes is excellent. You can just trust on these shoes. Besides, it is very wearable for its\u2019 flat design. Also the extra padded inside keep you warm at the cold.\nThe Nike released the men\u2019s SB Portmore Ultralight shoes with superior cushioning. The shoes have a padded tongue between the top and the board of the foot. So, you feel more comfort. The beautiful looking shoes are also durable for their constructed materials. The rubber made soles are vulcanized. A pair of these shoes is very light and comfy. Besides, Herringbone-pattern of the outsole for superior grip. The upper portion is mashed. So, its\u2019 breathability is so good. Besides, you can choose the shoes within your budget. You will feel excellent on the board.\nYou must feel better on the committee for the superior flexibility of the shoes. But we know that suede and leather made shoes are long-lasting. Nike men\u2019s SB Portmore Ultralight shoes are made of synthetic material. So, it is not so much durable than the leather one. We know the matter that every product is not perfect from all sides. If you want a pair of lightweight, flexible, breathable, good quality skate shoes, you can choose the shoes. Besides, the shoes are very comfortable for the local sports you want to participate.\nEtnies Mens Fader LS Shoes are the stylish, nice-looking, classic shoes. It is the well-known company that provides the best kinds of footwear for past skate shoes. They have been making sh", "I have had my buick for nearly 2 years and I love it! It's a smooth ride. Love the interior. very reliable. Have not had any problems so far. great for the kids, roomy. Great for traveling. only downfall is the gas mileage. I get about 15mpg city and not much more h", "eedoms that make us all Americans. As we have seen in the past, the gun control movement's solution to criminal violence is to curtail the basic Constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens.\nThe gun control movement seems all too eager to surrender hard-fought liberties to those bent on domination of the American spirit. The nation's firearm owners, on the other hand, will not surrender to the criminal element and we will not knuckle under to those so willing to do so.\nWe are confident that, in the end, logic and reason will prevail and the nation will turn toward rooting out wickedness and away from vilifying the very people who make this the greatest nation on earth.\"\nThe ISRA is the state's leading advocate of safe, lawful, and responsible firearms ownership. For more than a century, the ISRA has represented the interests of millions of law-abiding Illinois firearm owners.\nWEB SITE: http://www.isra.org\nSOURCE Illinois State Rifle Association\nThese press releases may also interest you", "What will be discussed during the regular Wednesday night gathering meeting", "What are some key features of the 2017 Jeep Cherokee mentioned in the text"]}