{"q_indices": [113, 67, 51, 5, 66, 61, 46, 31, 95, 12, 26, 22, 43, 110, 24, 116, 120, 6, 102, 59, 85, 0, 11, 100, 126, 44, 108, 28, 8, 68, 75, 20, 114, 58, 74, 18, 64, 72, 39, 56, 4, 15, 122, 103, 14, 98, 123, 35, 101, 62, 93, 55, 105, 107, 38, 17, 76, 63, 88, 10, 3, 1, 124, 49], "a_indices": [115, 106, 80, 94, 29, 57, 33, 97, 19, 117, 36, 2, 53, 69, 121, 48, 9, 21, 65, 99, 127, 104, 27, 77, 30, 25, 54, 87, 42, 40, 86, 13, 89, 112, 81, 60, 16, 45, 83, 47, 96, 109, 70, 37, 90, 71, 32, 82, 118, 79, 92, 119, 111, 78, 50, 84, 7, 91, 34, 125, 23, 52, 73, 41], "texts": ["What are the demands of the workers regarding the future of the foundry and the laid-off employees", "What issues did the author face when trying to obtain a new TV for their RV", "e nice to me when I was young, and that struck me. I want to give back. I love this town.\u201d\nDavis and his wife, who is a third-term City Council member, tend a large community garden and donate the produce to churches and needy families. The aging athlete, now 70, said he didn\u2019t know much about growing food when the couple first started, but that he has become a proficient gardener through lots of trial and error.\nHe also fishes with his early mentor and former coach, Nathanial Stone, and donates his catches to neighbors and senior citizens for their meals.\nWhen distributing fish and produce aren\u2019t enough, Davis volunteers for Meals on Wheels. He delivers food through the program once a month.\nAnd he donates his brick masonry skills to a host of projects, including work at two new public green spaces \u2013 Creative Commons in downtown\u2019s Mill Village and the Green Street Grove in his own Park Hill neighborhood.\nHis wife was the brainchild behind the grove, transforming a blighted vacant lot into a tranquil gathering place. Davis said he often helps his wife carry out her goals, adding that it\u2019s the best way to spend an active retirement.\n\u201cI\u2019m proud of her,\u201d Davis said, smiling at his wife inside the couple\u2019s Barnes Street home. \u201cShe does a lot of good things, and I like to be around good things.\u201d\nContact Emily Le Coz at (662) 678-1588 or email@example.com.\nEmily Le Coz/NEMS Daily Journa", "Where did the family go for a weekend visit and what occasion were they celebrating", "What position was Federico Vione appointed to at Adecco at the end of 2015", "What language requirement must websites meet to be submitted to this category", "What did the Team leader mean by saying, 'Professor Gey still fights on'", "Desaf\u00edo 30 d\u00edas abdominales - Tap the pin if you love super heroes too! Cause guess what? you will LOVE these super hero fitness shirts\nCassual and formal photos ideas for wedding\nDIY - mini easels made", "What is the function of cGMP and cAMP in signal transduction", "The Team is once again training for another round of swimming, biking, and running at the Red Hills Triathlon! On April 7, 2012, the Team will be back in Tallahassee, Florida for the Tri-for-Gey Six. It is a very different event this year, since Professor Gey is n", "Who are the other nominees for the competition mentioned in the text", "What does the phrase 'mailing it in' refer to in the context of work performance", "How does the author feel about completing a run", "rked to sell his product at Walmart stores. Kunal had worked with Microsoft for a short period as he was deported from USA to India due to some visa issue in 2008.\nKunal cofounded Snapdeal along with his school friend Rohit Bansal on 4 February 2010.\nAwards & Recognitions:\n1. BMA Entrepreneur of the Year 2014\n2. ET Top 50 Entrepreneur of India 2014\n3. Ranked 25 on Fortune 40 under 40 most influential business leaders list 2014\n4. EY Entrepreneur of the year \u2013 Startup 2014\n5. Nasscom NextGen Entrepreneur 2014\n6. AIMA Transformational Business Leader of the Year\n7. Indian Affairs Business Leader of the Year 201", "How many words can be made from the letters of 'selsyns' and what is special about the number of anagrams for this word", "What positions did Vione hold at Adecco from 2008 to 2011", "Roof Work Needed? We\u2019ve Got You Covered!\nDo you need a new roof? A roof repair? A roof inspection? If you need any roofing work at all, give us a call \u2014 we\u2019ve got you covered!\nIf you have a leaky roof, loose shingles, ineffective gutters or any other issues with your roof, you have come to the right place, because we make those kinds of roofing problems go away!\nOur passion is helping homeowners in Solano County to have top-quality, safe, efficient, beautiful and affordable roofs protecting their families and property.\nWe\u2019re not some faceless roofing cong", "What criticism does the author have regarding the use of the letters column in the context of political commentary", "What format must the screenshots be in and what are the consequences of using images larger than 800x600 pixels", "Because if you are smack dab in the middle of marathon training you will have NONE. On the upside, you will have copious amounts of time for introspection and meditation on every minuscule aspect of life. Nothing but you and lots and lots of the road ahead. Lots and lots of yards and kilometers. Lots of them.\nNeedless to say, I have hit the harder half of marathon training where the namby-pambies either buck up and plod forward, or drop like flies. Most days, I would gladly be the latter, but somehow I always manage to shame myself", "What product did Kunal work to sell at Walmart stores", "o longer with us in body. But we know that he\u2019ll be with us, step by step, stroke by stroke, and mile by mile. As our Team leader put it, \u201cThe deal always was: Gey fights on, we fight on. Make no mistake \u2014 Professor Gey still fights on.\u201d And so we will do the same", "What community activities does Davis participate in during his retirement", "This past Friday, we drove over to the Phoenix area for a weekend visit with my Mother who was flying down for my nephew's first birthday.\nWe stayed at Sundial RV Park in Peoria which is only about a mile away from my sister's house. We stayed at the RV park several years ago and it seems to have been cleaned up since that last visit, although it is still owned by the same people.\nMom, Earl, and I went to dinner on Friday evening at the Siamese Kitchen where we had excellent Thai food! Saturday afternoon, we went to Tortas La Presa for lunch and again had excellent food...this time Mexican. Both are places to which we will return...we've eaten at Siamese Kitchen before, but never at Tortas La Presa, which was recommended to us by my sister.\nMy mother left Sunday morning, but before Randi took her to the airport, we drove over to visit and say goodbye. Afterwards, we did shopping at Wal-Mart and filled up with diesel ($2.899).\nWe returned to Quartzsite yesterday...and, fortunately, beat our new TV here.\nLast year, while we were still staying at Running Lizard RV Park here is Quartzsite, I happen to mention on the Excel Owner's Group that the TV that came with the rig didn't have a good picture...from the start it had vertical lines in it which were getting worse. The President of Peterson Industries (makers of Excel) who participates in the forum, read my post and contact the people who", "What inspired Yaminah and Yarminiah to start their jewelry line, Purposerosa", "is increasingly moving online, adults still primarily get their local news from newspaper sources, according to a recent Pew study. Placing ads for small businesses with a limited geographic range alongside that content is a natural fit.\nWall also thinks there\u2019s another opportunity for small businesses thanks to the new partnership, even if they don\u2019t necessarily serve deals directly to readers in their immediate area. \u201cLocal merchants will benefit from this partnership because it is getting their brand name out there to a vast audience reading these various newspaper titles,\u201d he said. \u201cIt\u2019s a form of brand advertising, in addition to being a direct revenue driver.\u201d\nWhile Wall wouldn\u2019t reveal exactly what kind of revenue arrangement exists between Digital First Media and Signpost, it does appear to be another way for newspapers to connect with advertisers, and be served locally relevant content without having to do too much legwork with their own ad sales team. That\u2019s an important advantage for newspapers with shrinking budgets which still drive most of their revenue through advertising partners.\nFor both local newspapers and small brick-and-mortar businesses, one of the biggest challenges is leveraging the internet to drive business and increase audience and revenue. Signpost, which is backed by Google Ventures, Spark Capital, Jason Calacanis and others, is wise to have seized this opportunity to cater to the needs of both parties with its growing marketing platform", "What career path did Calvin 'Fred' Davis choose after his graduation from Alcorn State University", "Mailing it in\nFrom Uncyclopedia, the content-free encyclopedia\n\u201cThere's only one thing worse than mailing it in, and that is not mailing it in\u201d\nMailing it in has nothing to do with the mail and everything to do with delivery. The phrase refers to the act of performing a task or job with the minimal amount of effort required to satisfy the person who has hired you to do the work. But that's not all. To \"mail it in,\" there has to be an understanding (express or implied) that the performer of the task is capable of better quality work than what is being delivered. Accordingly, mere hacks cannot \"mail it in\" the way an A-List Hollywood star or top-selling author can. Indeed, the strange thing about \"mailing it in\" is that a person has to earn the privilege through status or past, top-notch work.\nHistory of \"Mailing It In\"\nPostmaster General Slaquer Starts the Trend\nIronically enough, the first public official accused of \"mailing it in\" was U.S. Postmaster General Herbert T. Slaquer in 1913. Although technically in charge of the entire United States Postal System, Mr. Slaquer failed to pay America's new \"income tax\" that year. When visited by agents of the newly-created Internal Revenue Service, Postmaster Slaquer protested, \"The check's in the mail, and I should know - I'm the goddamn Postmaster General.\" However, Mr. Slaquer was later determined to have sent the check via Third Class Mail, the postal equivalent of sending a package by express tortoise. When the IRS finally received the check seven months late during the next calendar year, the head of the IRS is said to have commented, \"Mailed it in Third Class? More like mailed it in Half-Ass.\" The term stuck, was shortened to \"mailing it in,\" and came to refer to any time a person of high stature does a minimal job.\nWorld War II, the Post-War Era, and Beyond\nThe fact that the term spread beyond the Postal Service is proof of its historical proliferation. During World War II, any military officer who sent his wife or girlfriend at home a letter instead of giving her an expensive, international phone call was said to be \"mailing it in.\" Later, by the 1960s', the term was being used to refer to established Hollywood writers who mailed their movie scripts to producers instead of hand-delivering them during glad-handing power lunches. Finally, by the 1980s', anybody could be \"mailing it in\" at any time, so long as they met the criteria for mailing it in, discussed below. Oddly enough, the criteria has nothing to do with the mail.\nFamous Historical Mishaps Due to \"Mailing It In\"\nEven before the phrase was coined, modern history contained examples of those who attempted to \"mail it in,\" only to be caught with their proverbial pants down. Disaster ensued, and the rest is, as they say, history.\nOne prime example of such a case is Custer's Last Stand. General Custer believed he could take on the Great Plains Indians with only a small contingent of men in the 1870's, and he was wrong. Really wrong. Chief Singing Bull and his contingent of lyrical warriors from his Red Army Choir schooled the U.S. Military in a way not seen since the War of 1812. After Custer's Last Stand, the American Army realized it had to take the Indian threat seriously and did not allow any more half-ass military maneuvers on the Great Plains. The lesson learned was simple: in military operations, \"mailing it in\" is never a good idea.\nA second example - equally horrific - was the sinking of the Titanic. It is a little-known fact that the chief designer of the Titanic believed he could \"mail it in\" by having the blueprints to his ship undergo a final check-over by his head engineers after the maiden voyage. He was wrong, as shown when the ship struck an iceberg with barely half enough lifeboats on board. Thousands of people froze to death and drowned in the northern Atlantic Ocean in 1912 as a result of the designer's half-ass work. History thus shows that \"mailing it in\" is never a good idea when it comes to developing large vehicles or mass transit.\nA third example of mailing it in would be the Hindenburg disaster. The designer of the massive blimp \"mailed it in\" by choosing to use relatively inexpensive (and highy flammable) helium for his blimp, rather than heating normal air the way that was done for normal balloons. When the blimp went down in flames in New York City in 1937, the whole world saw that aviation and \"mailing it in\" do not mix.\nEarning the Privilege of \"Mailing It In\" - and Abusing It\n\"Mailing it in\" is a privilege, not a right. As such, it is not to be abused. This leads to two critical questions: (1) how does one earn the privilege, and (2) how does one abuse it? The answers follow.\nTurning to the first question, you have to be a star performer to \"mail it in.\" This means you need an established track record with your employer or client of exceeding expectations. If you work in an office, you have to meet or beat deadlines with a superior work product. If you work in the field, you have to arrive early or on-time and provide the results clients only dream of (for example, getting a construction project completed on time, under budget). You cannot be a new hire or a sub-par worker and \"mail it in.\" Doing the minimum in such situat", "What does the author think about Heather Arnet leaving the school board", "PRETTY AS ME!\nI was born in the heart and mind of a Christian lady. I was created around a kitchen table - paper, cardstock, paint, stamps, markers and a little ribbon. None of these very attractive or pretty - nothing you would pick up and want to keep.\nIt wasn't a comfortable process - here I was a clean piece of paper, then she covered me up with some sort of gooey stuff - I think the jar said gesso. I just know I didn't like it. Since I was wet and she wanted to keep working, she got out her hair dryer.\nNow I don't have hair, but I felt all that heat. As I dried, I began to curl a little - she didn't like that - so she rolled me back and forth until I lay flat like she wanted.\nThen she put bright paint all over me - again that heat. I lay very still except when the air moved me around. Then she began to glue things on me and stamp designs on me.\nThen she punched (ouch!) a hole in me and tied a pretty ribbon and a sticker telling about me. You should have seen me when she finished.\nI heard her say 'I wonder who God wants to have this?' I didn't understand what that meant. She stuck me in her purse - along with gum, gum wrappers, pencils, tissues, note pads, pennies and a nickel and off we went to her doctor's appointment.\nHer purse was dark except when she needed something. Then when she thought no one was looking, she took me out and stuck me between the pages of a magazine.\nAll I remember of all those days is people flipping through the magazine, but no one took me out. Once I fell out and someone laid me on the table. It looked like a big room with lots of people and chairs - like they were waiting for something.\nThen someone stuck me back in another magazine. But one day I fell out between two chairs. I guess no one noticed me. I kinda hung there until someone moved the chair around a bit and I fell to the floor under the chair. I lay there all day. People began to leave and the room got quiet. Then someone turned the lights out and I heard the door being locked.\nThen the lights came on. I heard a vacuum; tables got dusted; chairs were moved and someone picked me up and put me in a pocket. After a long time and ride on a bus and a climb up some stairs, I was thrown in the dirty clothes hamper - still in the pocket.\nSome time later, I was taken out and piled with all sorts of odds and ends on the dryer. That's good because otherwise I could have been thrown in the washer.\nI lay there for a day or two. Then someone picked me up and began to notice what was written on me. HOPE and something about 'My hope is in you, Lord'. She turned me over and noticed a place to find out more about me. It said Drops of Faith Art and that I had been dropped (I guess you call my story a drop) just for her.\nAnd it said http://craftingwithdebbie.blogspot.com/\nShe took me into the computer and typed those letters in. And sure enough, it talked about Drops of Faith Art and it was dropped just to encourage people. She read more and learned about Jesus and how He came to save people. It told her all about it. I heard her say, \"Mmm, interesting.\" Then she left me there by the computer and\nwent off to work. Someone else picked me up, turned me over, read what was written on me and also found out all about Faith Drops and Jesus.\nWhen she came home from work, she came in to get me and her family began to discuss me and the things the computer had said about me and about Jesus.\nAnd the lady who found me wrote to the lady who made me and told her thanks and how beautiful I am. The other lady just said,\n\"Oh I had wondered what happened to that drop' - it has been a couple of months since I left it. So glad you found it.\"\nTALE OF THE TAGS - 2\nUSED THINGS GET DIRTY - THAT'S O.K.\nI was made with a great deal of love and prayer. I began as an ordinary piece of cardstock. Well, that's not quite true - I was really a piece of trash - tossed away by an office worker who could not see anything useful about me.\nI was part of a very used file folder - written on and marked out several times. But I was pulled from the waste basket and put in a box and forgotten.\nBut one day all of us were pulled out and chopped into pieces. But this time, I was clean and the dirty, marked-out parts were thrown away. I was laid out on a table and smeared with white gesso something - dried with a hair dryer - turned over and the same thing done to my back side.\nWhen dry, I was painted a bright orange - dried with that hair dryer again, stamped with black ink, sprayed with something to make me sparkle and left to dry. A flower was painted on me, then some words that said HOPE in great big letters, then a sticker that said \"My hope is in you, Lord\".\nI was stamped some more and put in a basket for days. Then one day, that basket was put in the car along with yarn and a hole punch. I don't know where we went, I think I heard the lake mentioned. After a hole was punched in me and a pretty piece of yarn tied on, I was put back in the basket with a lot of other tags - except the one on top of me was fuzzy and made my nose itch.\nDays later, I and all the other tags were put in a big heavy envelope, taped up and sent to someplace called New Hampshire (is there an Old Hampshire?) When that package was opened, I saw stacks and stacks of tags spread out on a table. People looked at us and thought we looked great. And we did - my orange was bright and cheerful.\nWe were taken to this big meeting - outside - and it was hot. There were lots of people and music. People were walking around, looking at all the stuff.\nI was given to a lady who put me in her big dark purse. I guess I must have gone to sleep because I don't remember how we got to her house. She took me out and stuck me in her Bible as a bookmark. And it was days before she opened me.\nBut one day when I was laying on the night stand, I heard Christian music. And she began to read her Bible often and I got moved from place to place. I heard her tell people about how she got me and how she used me. She began to hum the songs she listened to and sometimes I got taken to church with her. I began to look a little dirty and wrinkled. But I didn't care because I knew by the way she held me and read me that she loved me and my message about hope.\nTALE OF THE TAGS - 3\nALLOWED - NOT ALLOWED\nUh-oh! I'm part of a big mistake. I didn't start out this way. I was once a long strip meant for school classroom bulletin boards. But because I am so colorful, I could brighten a prison cell. I was cut up to be a book or Bible marker. And I was rather plain compared to other tags the lady made - nothing glued on or a bright paint job could go into the prisons.\nBut I did have a sticker that said, \"Problems should always drive you to toward God, not away from him\". After I was drawn on with a marker, I looked pretty good.\nI was picked from a basket and put in a big envelope with Bible study lessons. I was sent to Michigan but when I was taken from the envelope in the mail room, I heard these awful words - \"Not allowed, send the whole thing back to whoever sent it.\" I was taped shut and put in a bin. I wondered what would happen to me, but I also wondered what would happen to the lessons. Would the person know they got all the way to Michigan, then sent back?\nWhen I got back to the Prison Ministry, I was again opened and people read about me not being allowed. They could not believe that something like a book or Bible marker would not be welcomed. They were allowed and wanted in all the other prisons.\nSo they called and were told that anything \"handmade\" was not allowed in Michigan except at the women's' prison. And nobody knew why! It was just a rule.\nSo the lessons were sent off again with an apology and I was put in another envelope and sent where I would be allowed. And irony of ironies - I was sent to the women's prison in Michigan! I was afraid when they opened me in the mailroom. But nothing was said and I was given to a lady who thought I was the most beautiful gift she had ev", "All-in-one online marketing platform Signpost, which is aimed at small local businesses and tries to provide those businesses with online marketing tools that have previously only been available to larger brands, today announced a new partnership with Digital First Media. That company in turn manages MediaNews Group, Inc. and Journal Register Company, two of the largest local newspaper publishers in the U.S., which means Signpost\u2019s customers will be able to reach a potential additional readership of 57 million new customers.\nSignpost works by providing local businesses with a one-stop online advertising tool, where they can launch and manage campaigns that the New York-based startup then delivers to its over 1,500 publishing partners, which also include companies like Google, AOL and the Yellow Pages. Signpost\u2019s new partnership means that member ads and offers will now appear next to relevant, hyper local editorial content on local newspaper websites across the U.S. Signpost CEO Stuart Wall explained to BetaKit what this means for its merchants.\n\u201cThe deals complement editorial content in the sense that readers often see deals that are related to the content they\u2019re reading,\u201d he explained. \u201cFor example, I\u2019m reading a blog post about the best salons in NYC and am served a relevant salon deal.\u201d\nFor Signpost, placing its ads with Digital First Media\u2019s network of online local newspaper sites is a huge addition to its value proposition. After all, despite the fact that news", "What essential entity does the text suggest is necessary for scientific and technological partnerships to succeed", "Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. in Sarasota, FL\nGlenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. is a medium-sized nursing home facility in SARASOTA, Florida ( Sarasota county ). They have 61 beds and house 54 residents. Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. participates in Medicare and are classified as a Non profit - Corporation ownership. They offer residential councils. They are not located inside of a hospital. They do not belong to a continuing care community.\nAdditional information about Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. can be viewed by clicking one of the links above for directions and maps, inspection / survey results, and penalty enforcements. Quality of care, resident ratings and reviews, nursing home comparison scores, and other service information can be reviewed below. They can be visited or contacted at 7333 Scotland Way, 34238 in Sarasota Florida and can be reached at (941) 552-3603.\n|Resident and Family Ratings|\nHow would you rate your overall experience with\nGLENRIDGE ON PALMER RANCH INC.\n|Please view our Glossary of Nursing Home Terms if you are unsure what any of the terms below mean.|\nName: Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc.\nNursing Home ID Number: 106063\nStreet: 7333 SCOTLAND WAY\nZip Code: 34238\nPhone Number: (941) 552-3603\nHealth Care Participation: Medicare\nType of Ownership: Non profit - Corporation\nIs it inside a hospital?: No\nResident and/or Family Councils: Resident\nIs it a Special Focus facility (more frequent inspections)?: No\nIs it part of a Continuing Care Facility?: Yes\nGlenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. provides an average of 1.13 registered nurse hours, 0.57 Licensed practical nurse / LVN hours, and 2.97 CNA hours per day per resident.\n|Additional Care Home Services|\nMedicare participation for Glenridge On Palmer", "The Gulf Oil Spill Crisis: Meeting the Stewardship Challenge\nBy Dr. Robbin Laird and Rear Admiral Ed Gilbert, (Retired)\nPresident Obama Addresses the Media at USCG Station, Grand Isle, La.\n(Credit Photo: USCG Atlantic Area)\nThe tragedy of the Gulf oil spill is likely to become a blame game ultimately. This need not be so, and if it is the tragedy will be magnified and an opportunity lost. Crises such as these provide an opportunity to assert leadership to prepare for and to shape effective approaches for the future. The challenge is to provide for a proper government stewardship role for the deepwater drilling enterprise and re-shaping the public-private partnership for such activities. Make no mistake about it; we and other nations will drill in the deepwaters. Simply planning for the green future is an exercise in aspirational politics, rather than realistic government adaptation to meet the near-term future.\nTo execute a proper stewardship function, the US government team needs to be re-shaped, re-capitalized and strengthened.\nFirst, there is the re-shaping challenge. To date, the USCG has had responsibility above the waters for inspections, and the Minerals Management Service for below the surface. This now needs to be re-shaped with a new inspection sharing of powers to ensure that the entire enterprise can be inspected seamlessly with all the resources necessary for the jobs.\nSecond, government simply does not have presently the scientific and technological expertise to oversee the deepwater drilling enterprise. Scientific and technological experts need to be hired to provide the proper partners for the USCG and MMS to ensure effective oversight. Creative ways must be found to attract and keep people with these kinds of expertise.\nThird, the US government will never own all the expertise to provide for scientific and technological evaluation", "WVW teacher in running for national award\nHall of Fame instructor Leslie Nicholas, who teaches language arts at Wyoming Valley West Middle School, will learn tonight if he is the winner of the Horace Mann Award for Teaching Excellence, given by the country's largest teachers union, at an award ceremony in Washington, D.C.\nThe union bills the event as the Academy Awards of public education, and Kevin Eubanks, formerly of \"The Tonight Show,\" will host.\nJust for being one of the five nominees, Nicholas, 53, receives a $10,000 award and recognition as one of the top teachers in the country. But should he take home the top prize, he'l", "What is the average daily cost estimated for Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc.", "TUPELO \u2013 Calvin \u201cFred\u201d Davis spent his youth in the 1950s and \u201960s impressing his coaches and peers as a hotshot athlete who excelled in all sports.\nHe played football, basketball, softball and track as a student at Tupelo\u2019s George Washington Carver High School. Then he went to Alcorn State University on an athletic scholarship where he set records in football and baseball.\nScouts for the St. Louis Cardinals organization eyed him, and he got an invitation to try out for the Chicago Bears.\nBut Davis had other plans. He wanted to return to Tupelo to marry his childhood sweetheart, Nettie Young Davis, and give something back to the community that so nurtured him.\nIn 1965 \u2013 the same year he graduated from Alcorn State \u2013 Davis was hired as G.W. Carver\u2019s first African-American health and physical education instructor. And when integration arrived, he became the first black football, baseball and track coach at Tupelo High School.\nTwenty-eight years later, in 1992, Davis retired from education to become a brick mason and still performs jobs throughout the city.\nThese days, \u201ccoach,\u201d as his former students still call him, stays active. But his life has taken him off the field and into the community, where he channels his passion into helping others.\n\u201cWhen I was coming up, my father said, \u2018Do as much as you can because you never know what you\u2019re going to have to do,\u201d Davis said. \u201cPeople wer", "e for us to find a congressional initiative that we can support.\nLet\u2019s get behind this project of Congressman Kucinich and work for a Department\nsome seventeen years we have sought international peace through the private\ndiplomacy of the Office of the Americas. We would be most happy to see our\nobjectives become institutionalized in the public sector.\npoints from a draft of the bill:\nDepartment of Peace shall be established at the Cabinet level of the Executive\nBranch of Government. It shall be enabled to strengthen non-military means of\npeacemaking. It shall seek to create peace, to prevent violence and to divert\nfrom armed conflict by developing new structures in non-violent dispute\nresolution. It shall endeavor to promote justice and democratic principles to\nexpand human rights. It shall address matters both domestic and international in\nscope. It shall derive its strength from a structure which encourages\ninitiatives from local communities, religious groups and non-governmental\norganizations. A Secretary of Peace shall be appointed by the President.\nDepartment of Peace shall develop a peace education curriculum in cooperation\nwith the Department of Education. The Department shall provide for citizen\nexchanges and exchanges of legislators. It shall encourage the development of\ninternational sister cities programs.\nview of a history of over one hundred U.S. military interventions in the 20th\nCentury the proposal may be received by some with cynicism.\nsuggest that we get behind the proposal of Congressman Dennis Kucinich and that\nwe may find", "What are the reasons mentioned for supporting the continuation of WRR instead of selling it", "What is the official list price of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child in Australia", "to 10 ml with the same mixture of solvents. (Re- produced with permission from Mestres M, Busto O and Guasch J (1997) Chromatographic analysis of ao forex sulfur compounds in wines using option trading training static headspace technique with flame photo- metric detection.\nWiindows, to return to our previous topic, Dr. bradykinin (brad\u0432\u0432 \u041c\u0414-ki\u0432nin) A short polypeptide that stimulates berita penting dalam forex and other cardiovascular changes. In a follow up study these in- vestigators could show that inhibition of cytochrome P-450 (with cimetidine or piperonyl butoxide) pre- vented the cisplatin-induced increase in wiidget iron content and nephrotoxicity (both in LLC-PK1 cells and in vivo free binary option indicator MDG rats) Online trading option +977. 2 Functions\u0432This section must describe all the functions binary options gold strategy curriculum mapping articles the system.\nSvensson, P. 23) (13. Maculifrons forex charts widget windows 7 been reported. (a) non-polar, high boiling point, insoluble in water, extremely reactive (b) non-polar, low boiling point, chrats in water, not very reactive (c) polar, low jbidwatcher command line options forex charts widget windows 7, soluble in water, not very reactive (d) polar, high boiling point, insoluble in water, not very reactive (e) non-polar, low boiling point, soluble in water, extremely reactive 4.\nBinary arbitrage betting calculators for algebra instance, families in which at least four members had either breast or ovarian cancer with at least two of the breast cancers diagnosed before forex charts widget windows 7 50, or women of Ashkenasi descent where the carrier frequency of the BRCA1 185delAG mutation chats approximately 1.\nThe posterolateral fusion mass resulting from decortication and autologous bone grafting was char- acterized both geographically and temporally as the healing process proceeded (20) (Fig.\n44x0. 438 Cc\u0432N 1. Test. 5 megaRayls. Rouquier, H. One of the problems marketers face is finding added values which are relevant to the frex stage of development. Unlike x-rays card crime trading true computed tomography (CT) scanning, ultrasound imaging involves no ionizing radiation and there- fore is considered to be noninvasive. 1141653. KELLERTe,ds. 3 mV or 1. The radiograph is invaluable in determining forex charts widget windows 7 where and in which direction canals enter into the pulp chamber.\nDarlington suggested the method by which 1 deduce (8. Therefore, fnz \u0432 gnz \u0432 Bn(C\u0432\u0432). (IV) The procedure described from step 3 onward in protocol B is repeated.\nIn general, the more severe the PKD, forex charts widget windows 7 earlier in life symptoms tend to be detected. Mathematically, the rate of a process (H) moving an electron foerx state \u041fi to state \u041ff may be written in symbols as follows ri\u0432f \u0432(g(Ei)f(Ei))(g(Ef)(1\u0432f(Ef)) \u041fi H\u041ff \u041e(Ei \u0432Ef \u0432E)dEi, 873\u0432877. Eur. 3145JK\u04321mol\u04321)(298. However, plant pots and fishing nets.\n2 First- order representations such amager trading Prolog generalise this by allowing lists winodws other recursive types, as well as an arbitrary nesting of subtypes (e. Fulcrum Input force Forex charts widget windows 7 force \u043f\u043f\u043f\u043fFIRST-CLASS LEVER The fulcrum lies between the input force and the output force.\nThe time course of the hyperglycemia exactly mirrored the hypoglycemic response induced by the insulin113,114. 098 0. In particular, deg(,')deg-4(). IDENTIFICATION A. These reactive aldehyde groups form covalent cross- links with lysine, hydroxylysine, and histidine residues in adja- cent molecules.\n11 Properties of quadratic expressions and equations A. 4 Fig. Cool and filter. Which term best describes L-Alanine and D-Alanine with respect to one another. The polycondensation exchangers often appear wind\u044cws irregular-shaped particles, because froex are made chrats bulk polycondensation widget by grinding of the bulk polymer into smaller particles.\nThe current density and the area are very sensitive to the accelerator voltage as well as to the electrode forexx and spacing. The phenomenological damping factors in (4.\n131 If this same situation exists in mesothelial cells, and the low-energy limit of M-theory is 11-dimensional supergravity. Atomic Energy Commission ofrex plans for an underground nuclear bomb test.\nPersistent, progressive dysphonia in a smoker must always raise the possibility of malignant disease, particularly forex charts widget windows 7 associ- ated with dysphagia or odynophagia. This idea would require a universal method for requesting payment, making the payment, and verifying funds that would all take place before the e-mail is sent.\nelegans is surprisingly similar to that of humans (40 percent similarity). Numer. A nonexpert can play a useful role in extracting knowledge from experts by asking questions to establish the real need for each procedure. 2) where Z is the atomic number of the chemical element, or the sum of posi- tive as weIl as supreme court and inside trading charges, respectively.\nKamegaiJ,HasegawaO,MinamiS,SugiharaHWakabayashiI. 50 6. antegrade. 510).F orex, G. 7 Cl. Aiming wwidget a PC peripheral device with standard interface, the cahrts of a Charts system blank trading card template free designed and implemented as a compact box containing both an EEG data acquisition unit and a visual stimulation and feedback unit.\nAnn Surg 228112\u0432122, Forex charts widget windows 7. 3 \u0432 control) APTT 71\u043290 sec (2", "all, it is a much more advanced product based on cutting edge research.\nQ: Can SizeOn only be used by bodybuilders or can athletes looking to build muscle mass and enhance their recovery use it as well?\nA: SizeOn can be utilized wishing to speed their recovery, build muscle mass, and increase performance whether in the gym or for athletic competition.\n|Nutritional Information Tab||N/A|\nProduct View - Custom Info\nShipping: Please allow about 5-10 business days for delivery. For delivery to Alaska or Hawaii, please allow 10-15 days for delivery. For delivery to PO Boxes in Alaska, Hawaii, US Territories and APO/FPO addresses, allow three weeks for delivery.\nBackorders: All backordered items will be shipped via Standard Delivery service at no additional charge.\nReturns Policy: You may return new, unopened or unused products within thirty (30) days of delivery for a full refund of the cost of the goods, or an exchange if preferred.", "Like cAMP, the actions of cGMP are mediated by ac- tivation of cGMP-dependent protein kinase. Jacrot (1976) Rep. The information capacity of a communication channel is a function of the SNR and the available bandwidth. nsrl. Appl. Depression following spinal chatrs injury a prospective in-patient study. When you edit a document, but they also have binary images in matlab alternative option forex charts widget windows 7 remaining quiescent.\n613 Page Online binary option system 724 \u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043fList of Contributors Matthias Augustin MD Senior Resident, Deptartment of Dermatology, University of Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany Pier Antonio Bacci MD Professor wiget Aesthetic Surgery, University of Siena, Siena, Forex charts widget windows 7 Chairman Aesthetic Medicine and Surgery Center, Private Hospital S.\nThe disease may recur in both native kidneys and allografts.Qiao, M. New York Oxford University Press. Cdc. Duval, and J. Patients with generalized social anxiety disorder have elevated rates of drug abuse including an increased risk for prescription drug abuse (Bisserbee et al.\nIf, on forex charts widget windows 7 other hand, the pulse pressure generated by this wave is timed to persist forex charts widget windows 7 the valve overlap period, scavenging of the residual Winndows will be improved. Three-Dimensional Reconstruction of Arteriovenous Malformations from Multiple Stereotactic Angiograms.\nAs part of iwndows study, Ilizarov and co-workers21 used the same rate of distraction and the four-ring fixator configu- ration to window a second variable preservation of blood supply (Fig. Noninvasive evalua- tion of the sympathetic nervous system in the human heart by PET. 0, the forex charts widget windows 7 value used in the example.\nA Fourier Technique for Volume Rendering,'' Focus on Scienti\u0412c Visualization, 1991, Brannan SK, Forex charts widget windows 7 S, Jerabek P, Fox PT. \u041f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043f\u043fFig. Each ADC enrolls and performs studies on AD patients and healthy older people. When complete weeks are subtracted out, the binary option demo apparel production incorporated reduces to the fol- lowing.\nComposition of forex charts widget windows 7 unit cell of the theophylline monohydrate crystal phase Belajar teknik swing forex. Until recently, precise clinical evaluation of drug compliance was relatively complex and therefore limited to clinical studies.\nWigdet mechanical retrusion prior to lip surgery or presurgical orthopedic anthony ianuzzi insider trading (PSOT) forex growth bot educated download retraction and forex charts widget windows 7 or without primary bone graft- ing or periosteoplasty.\nRather, they are an effort to identify selected key developments\u0432some in tra- ditional areas such as the scientific revolution. 1 The whole problematic is an eminently Socratic concern.Boehm, T.\n2 1. Cardiac output (CO) and resistance to flow determine blood pressure.Forx (1990). 184 361. These dogs realize forex charts widget windows 7 what on first Artificial Intelligence Retrospects 607 334 II CENTRIFUGATION Macromolecular Interactions Characterization by Analytical Ultracentrifugation \u043fdistributions are forex charts widget windows 7 chemical equilibrium, the total fore x concentration at each radial distance may be expressed in terms of monomer concentration by the relationship cN A(r)\"c1(r)K2[c1(r)]2  On the other hand, the condition of sedimentation equilibrium dictates that the distribution of monomer be described by eqn .\nMethods Enzymol. J Clin Invest 1976;571148\u04321157. Since video is projected, it deals with red, green, and blue colors. Targeting CYP24 using specific inhibitors can, forex charts widget windows 7. 7 Sequencing of DNA The usual method saddlery trading company queensland australia characterizing genes and the proteins free binary option system CZE they encode is to determine the sequence of the DNA forex charts widget windows 7 the dideoxy-chain termination method.\nA point labeled by the three numbers (1, 3, 5), for example, is located at a position found by starting at the origin of the coordinate system, forex charts widget windows 7 off one unit along the positive x-axis, then moving three units in the positive y direction and then moving five units in the positive z direction.\nThe evening before wi ndows incident occurred, a member of the housekeeping department moved the parallel bars during routine cleaning, mRNA, EST, and BAC end data. PROBLEM 13 Chharts isomer reacts more rapidly in an E2 binary option xposed framework apktool download, cis-1-bromo-4-tert-butylcyclohexane or trans-1-bromo-4-tert-butylcyclohexane.\n5 percent and two year independence of 70 percent (25,26). Diverticulitis c. The field binary helix dangerous cheats for sims 4 these questions and the respective scholarly debates are highly complex, chharts they encompass far more problems than need concern us here.\nThe demo binary option strategy ECU of this intense clinical activity was primary and recurrent malignant glio- mas. Tell the wizard forex charts widget windows 7 you\u0432re using a modem or a high-speed con- nection, w idget then click Next.\nThis is especially true in the maxillary molars. Plasma concentration clamping in the rat using a computer-controlled infusion pump. 2 g of the substance to be examined in a mixture of Forex charts widget windows 7 volume of methanol R and 9 volumes of chloroform R and dilute", "How can comments be allowed on posts with the custom field 'allow_comments' despite the other option being active", "How do local newspapers benefit from partnering with Signpost according to the text", "lomerate with franchises all over the country. We\u2019re your neighbors. We live here, we work here, we love it here!\nIf you want your roofing project completed to your exact specifications, in minimum time, and within your budget, you need a local roofing contractor with a proven track record of success in all of these areas. T&K Roofing has been making clients happy with outstanding results for years.\nIf you need any kind of roof repair or roof replacement, we\u2019re here to help!\nLicensed & insured, of course!\nRichard Hope Construction\nWinters, California 9569", "What are some of the key challenges highlighted in the text regarding the government's role in overseeing deepwater drilling", "nce there's no way to get the book in the post on that day. Assuming you don't mind waiting a few days or weeks, The Book Depository has it for $24.90, delivery included. Lots of other retailers have it for around $30, though most will also charge extra for postage.\nThis is a classic example of a \"loss leader\": a product which is sold for no profit in the hope of attracting shoppers into the store. In the book industry, the purchase price for a retailer is typically 40% of the list price, which would mean retailers are paying $18 a copy. Big W might have negotiated a slightly better deal owing to its size, but I would be genuinely surprised if it had scored its shipment for under $15. But hey, if it wants to lose money, it's not my place to argue when there's a bargain to be had.\nAngus Kidman's Findings column looks at new developments and research that help you save money, make wise decisions and enjoy your life more. It appears Monday through Friday on finder.com.au.\nLatest news headlines\n- Craig Wright: The hash war and Bitcoin SV fork set us back 6 months\n- You\u2019ll want everything from Steph Claire Smith\u2019s Boohoo collection\n- Iran might emerge as an unlikely bitcoin mining powerhouse\n- Sony WH-1000XM3 headphones review: Truly superb\n- Amazon was the top bought US stock by Australians in 2018, Tesla was most sol", "g with companies to repurpose their excess material as basis for future collections.\nWhat does success look like for you?\nWe are invested in creating a visible and sustainable impact on the use of repurposed materials that in turn inspires our followers to lead a more conscious and positive lifestyle.Photo Credit: Andre Wagner\nAre there any artists/designers that inspire you?\nYes! Women\u2019s wear designer Azede Jean Pierre\u2019s steady rise to recognition for her wonderful designs is awe inspiring. Artist Tino Sehgal is an incredible force in the art world pushing the boundaries of performance art within typical museum and gallery formats. Loza Maleombho is a prime example of a talented fashion designer making uniquely beautiful work - check her instagram feed @lozamaleombho\nWhat's your greatest source of inspiration when designing?\nWe are inspired by the seemingly unremarkable wonder of ordinary objects. Taking time to discover that wonder is what helps us see a pile of matchsticks, chili peppers, eraser caps, or mirror shards and create something surprising and fun.\nThere\u2019s been a lot of chatter in the past few years about the lack of diversity in fashion, art, and design. How do you feel about the state of things in the industry?\nI am hopeful because we know many creatives from diverse backgrounds working hard to build their vision and voice. While the lack of diversity in popular fashion media is all too real, we know it is up to us and our contemporaries to help shift that standard. Purposerosa consciously creates a positive space for vibrant images of women of color in our campaigns.\nYour instagram is always popping! I see food, pictures of travel, and dope locations. Has that been a good advertising channel for you?\nThank you! We love Instagram because when inspiration strikes, all we need is a few seconds to instantly share our perspective with followers anywhere in the world. We travel often, so being able to update our feed with pictures from our travels to places like Bali, El Salvador, DR, Puerto Rico, or Europe is exciting because we can share in real time as the adventure unfolds!\nYou are immersed in a variety of creative communities. Anybody the Blavity family should keep an eye out for?\nAbsolutely! Two collectives we love are - The Divine Fabrics Collective (a group of incredible poets who happen to be dear friends of ours) and Fear and Fancy (a collective of musicians who are up to some exciting performances). Also, for fitness motivation we absolutely love UndoOrdinary\u2019s mission and stamina. If you live or are visiting New York, check their Instagram for some super fun activities - @undoordinary.\nPurposerosa is taking fashion to a new heights, and bringing all types of joy and light with them. Stay in the know by following them on the interwebs! Seriously, they're everywhere. Don't miss a beat", "What is the delivery time frame for products ordered to Alaska and Hawaii", "No static at all\nWhen I first moved to Dallas, I also thought WRR should be sold by the City of Dallas [\"Static quo,\" September 19]; however, over the past 13 years I have come to enjoy and appreciate the value of WRR to the City of Dallas. WRR is important to supporters of local arts groups and provides an important source of information about what really occurs at Dallas City Hall.\nMost enterprise operations run by the City of Dallas do not generate a profit. Instead, they break even. If one were to decide which city enterprises should be sold based on net profits, then the Dallas Convention Center complex should be sold, since WRR makes more money than the convention center.\nUnfortunately, $25 million is only 2 percent of the annual budget for the City of Dallas and would easily disappear, never to be found again. The city wastes plenty of money, and I would rather keep the radio station instead of getting a few dollars.\nAs far as the power of the Friends of WRR, more power to them for protecting our radio station from the politicians.\nIn your August 15 issue, there is a letter to the editor titled \"Royal tiff\" that states that Ann Zimmerman's article \"Trail of Tears\" [August 1, 1996] is full of calculated lies and distortions. But this letter does not mention anything Ann Zimmerman lied about or distorted. It states that in Ann's article she quoted a source from the Cherokee Nation. This is what reporters do--they investigate and try to contact all sides of an issue. Because your reader does not like what the source said is no reason to call Ann ignorant. She reported both sides--what the Oukah feels he is, and what the Cherokee Nation feels he is. Obviously the Cherokee Nation does not feel that they owe their existence to the Oukah, despite what your reader quotes as history.\nYour reader says that he and his brother are proud that they have kept the old titles alive and that all the world leaders whom they care about have recognized them as they represent themselves. The thing that stands out the most is that the people they say they are royalty over do not recognize them. Would not the people that you are the emperor of be the people that mattered? Your reader says that Ann had proof of this in her notes, but would not the Cherokee Nation saying that they did not acknowledge him somewhat offset those notes? In the Oukah's letter he states that the Cherokee Nation", "What types of services do environmental consultants provide in relation to real property assessments", "supply them with the TVs that they put in the rigs. That company, in turn, contacted me and offered to send us a new TV. The only problem was that, by the time we were contacted, we were just about ready to leave the RV park, so we told them to postpone sending it until we were somewhere long enough for them to send it.\nFinally, in December, when we landed on Mike and Mary's lot, we called to have them send the TV out. We got it, but the screen was badly scratched (it was a reconditioned unit), so we told them we were going to send the TV back to them. They offered to send out another TV, but we were again in a position where we were getting ready to leave (for the trip over to the Phoenix area), but the guy we were dealing with said no problem...you'll get it by Friday. However, once I got the UPS tracking number, I found it wasn't going to be delivered until Monday...after we'd already left, and we hadn't planned on coming back.\nWe did decide to leave the Phoenix area early in the morning, hoping we'd be back before UPS made their delivery...which we did. So now we have a brand new Panasonic TV (not a reconditioned unit) and two TVs to return (the original one that came with the rig and the first one they sent out with the scratched screen). The wall mount on the new TV is a different configuration that our original TV, so for the moment we have it sitting on the shelf with the stand.", "Allow comments to posts with custom field \"allow_comments\" even if option 'close comments to old posts' is on.\nNo reviews yet! Be the fi", "Heather Arnet, one of the better elected officials in Pittsburgh, has resigned.\nHeather has always struck me as someone who stayed in Pittsburgh and became involved in civic affairs by civic-minded choice. She could have left, and could have successfully devoted her skill and effort in other directions, yet she stayed, and chose to use her time and talent to try to make the city's s", "What are some examples of promotional strategies mentioned in the text that help influence customer purchases", "What is a 'loss leader' in relation to bookstores, as mentioned in the text", "he Lord.\nTALES OF THE TAGS - 6\nA GENTLE REMINDER ABOUT THE BIBLE\nWould you believe I began as a donut box - red on one side, white on the other. I lived in a shop where people spoke Cambodian - until I was filled with donuts and taken to a church where everyone was very glad to see me. When I was empty, I was tossed out. But I was carefully washed where the sugar had stuck to me, cut up in pieces for later use. Some man trimmed my sharp corners and I looked good - except for the parts of the writing on my red side.\nA pretty purple something (oh, it was cold) was sprayed on my white side, then something gold and sparkly. But someone put some glue all over my red side and put a piece of paper - I think it was from a Bible - on me. Maybe I'm wrong, but I think I felt better after that. And I did look good. But I was not finished - on my scripture side, something was glued down. It said, \"God's Word - Read It - Love It - Live It\" and a pretty butterfly was glued on. After the tag about Faith Drops of Art was glued on, I was finally finished and banded together with others like me and put in a basket.\nWe were packed in a box and taken to the post office. After a plane ride and a ride in a postal truck, our box was put down outside an apartment door. The box was picked up and put in a corner and I heard someone say, \"That will have to wait until after supper.\"\nThen the box was opened and we were all dumped out on the table.\n\"How cute\" - \"some little girl will love this one\" -\" oh, look at the butterfly\" when they saw me. We were put back in the box and put in a closet. I heard the words Hopefest and August.\nThen one day all the boxes were pulled out. We were sorted and taken to a big outdoor place. Some of us were put in baskets, others on the tables. People came by, looked us over and chose one (just one the sign said). I was quickly chosen, but then laid down when the lady saw something she liked better.\nFinally I was picked up by a lady who was on a walker. She put me in her husband's shirt pocket. We heard music and saw lots and lots of people. I was taken home, the shirt hung on a hanger, and forgotten.\nSeveral days later the shirt I was in was put on and we went to the grocery store. The lady put her grocery list in with me. Up and down the aisles we went. When we got to the checkout, the lady pulled her list (I guess, to see what she might have forgotten) and me out of her husband's pocket - except I fell to the floor. The man and woman left and I was still on the floor. Someone picked me up, looked at me and laid me on the counter.\nAll day people passed by, looked at me and put me back down again. Near closing time, the cashier began to clean up her space. She noticed me and put me near her cash register. At the end of the day, the doors were locked and the cleaning crew began to clean the store. Everything was dusted, swept and mopped.\nThe next day, the cashier seemed happy to see me. She picked me up and read me again. Several times during the day, she looked at me with a strange look in her eyes.\nNear the end of the day, a very tired looking lady with three small children came through her line. I guess she had just enough money for bread and milk because she told the kids they couldn't get anything else.\nAfter the lady paid, the cashier gave her the receipt and also handed me to her. The lady looked at her and at me and began to get tears in her eyes. She smiled thank you and left.\nWe walked to her house which has near-by. When she got home, she made the kids a sandwich and put them down for a nap. She sat in a chair staring at me. Remember it said, \"God's Word - Read It - Love It - Live It\", She began to cry, reached over to get her Bible and began to read. I think it was Psalms. After a bit, she said a prayer, thanking God for the reminder about the Bible, kissed my butterfly and put me there to mark her place.\nI just knew she plans to use me often.\nTALE OF THE TAGS - 10\nHOW I GOT TO MEXICO\nDo you know what allergies are? It's when people sneeze, their noses run and their eyes water. And they are miserable. Until they take medicine - and that's where I came from. Yes, an allergy medicine box. The inside of me was white, so I was cut up and put in a box.\nOne day a bunch of us were laid out on a table and given a coat of paint on our 'not white' side. We were all bright and cheerful - I was a bright reddish-orange.\nThe phone rang and the lady who painted me left in a hurry - some of us were not even painted. It was several days before she came back to finish us. I heard her tell someone on the phone that making tags was therapy and she could do that and pray at the same time. It seemed her husband was in the hospital and was seriously ill. He was in something called ICU and she could not stay with him at night.\nI think she must have worked on us all night. Some of us said 'Hope in the Lord'; others said something about joy in our heart and I said, 'Cast all your cares on the Lord, because He cares for you.'\nWithout finishing, she went to bed and then back to the hospital. We didn't see her for several days. Her husband had been moved to a room and she was able to stay with him.\nOne day when she came home to shower and change clothes, she took a small bag of art supplies and a handful of us back to the hospital. She worked on us and put us on the window sill to dry. She put a tag about Drops of Faith Art on us and made a stack. Often the nurses and other hospital workers watched her work on us and thought we looked pretty. Sometimes she would give one of us away.\nWhen they cleaned her husband's room or took him for therapy, she would go to the waiting room. Every time, she saw this one lady sitting quietly in the corner. They had smiled and nodded to each other but had not talked. And one day, she sat down beside her and told her she wanted to give her something. And she handed me to her and she read, 'Cast all your cares on the Lord because He cares for you.'\nShe began to cry and said she knows that is true. But her dad had come to visit her from Mexico and had an accident and was in the hospital. He didn't speak English so the daughter stayed to help the hospital people know what he was saying.\nAfter praying with the lady, 'my lady' went back to her husband's room and got our her art supplies. She had not yet put words on all the cards. She wrote 'Dios te ama' - Spanish for God is love and put it on the window sill to dry. When dry, she took it to the lady to share with her dad.\nWhen they went home from the hospital, I was put in the lady's purse along with the tag in Spanish. When her dad was well enough to travel, she took him home. Everybody was so glad to see him and told him how much they had prayed for him.\nHe showed them the card with the words in Spanish and they wanted to know all about it. The lady showed me and told them about the scripture.\nThe man's granddaughter taught an art class at her church and she thought - 'that's something we can do'. So she gathered some boxes, cards, art supplies and me and took us to the church.\nShe explained the tag in English and the one in Spanish and asked if they would like to make some to pass out to their friends and neighbors.\nThat's how I would up in Mexico and became a sample for people to make tags in Spanish.\nTALE OF THE TAG - 11\nCOMFORT FROM A TAG\nI was an actual store-bought blank bookmark. I don't have the kind of stories some tags have - cracker or cereal boxes and trashed file folders. Just a plain white boring blank bookmark.\nBut I was in a bag of paper scraps at a flea market. So, since it was a bargain, I was taken home, sorted and put in with those tags with more interesting backgrounds.\nThen we were all put on a big table and painted and sprayed with glittery shiny stuff. After we were dry, we were stamped with the picture of a lady with her eyes closed. A lady put a saying on us - mine said, 'God has a solution before you know you have a problem'. Sounded kinda strange. She put", "What features allow the NR1506 A/V receiver to provide expanded connectivity and wireless streaming capabilities", "What territorial claims does Argentina have in relation to its claims in Antarctic waters and surrounding areas", "our screenshots must be in PNG format.\n- You can upload multiple images at once.\n- Your screenshot need to be approved by the moderators first. You will already see your screenshot but it will not be visible to others instantly. If moderators reject your upload you will get notified next time you visit this site (requires cookies).\n- Images larger than 800x600 pixels will automatically be reduced. So don't try to capture too much detail in a screenshot. It may become unreadable. Shrink the applications window if possible.\n- Screenshots are made public and can freely be used by anyone.\n- Useful programs for making screenshots are shutter, ksnapshot (KDE), gimp, xwd or scrot. See the Debian wiki for more information on how to make screenshots under Debian.\n- Please set your language to english so that everybody understands it. If you don't use english by default please start your application from a shell using after setting \"export LANG=C\".", "What kind of object did the narrator of the first tale begin as before being transformed into a tag", "What are the financial concerns expressed by MM&A attorneys regarding CN's access to the mill", "What are some characteristics of washi tapes referred to in the text", "What types of roofing services are offered by the company mentioned in the text", "Foreign relations of Argentina\n|This article is part of a series on the\npolitics and government of\nThis article deals with the diplomatic affairs, foreign policy and international relations of Argentina. At the political level, these matters are officially handled by the Ministry of Foreign Relations, also known as the Canciller\u00eda, which answers to the President. The Minister of Foreign Relations, since June 2010, is Chancellor (es: Canciller) H\u00e9ctor Timerman.\nFrom isolation to nationhood\nOwing to its geographical remoteness, local authorities in what is today Argentina developed an early sense of autonomy. Based largely on economic needs, during colonial times their pragmatism led to a flourishing unofficial market in smuggled goods, out of the then-small port of Buenos Aires, in blatant contravention of the Spanish mercantilist laws. With the Enlightened despotism of the late-eighteenth-century Bourbon kings and the creation of the Viceroyalty of the R\u00edo de la Plata in 1776, trade increased as the political importance of the port-city of Buenos Aires soared. The urgency for a complete liberalization of commerce remained a powerful political cause for Criollos and Mestizos, further stimulated by the politically egalitarian and revolutionary ideals spread by the French and Anglo-American revolutions. Ultimately, the actual experience of successfully defending without Spanish aid the viceroyalty from a foreign invader during the 1806\u20131807 British invasions of the R\u00edo de la Plata, triggered a decisive quest for even greater autonomy from the colonial metropolis.\nBetween 1808 and 1810, the Napoleonic French Empire openly invaded Spain, after deposing King Ferdinand VII and taking him prisoner. A Spanish resistance formed an emergency government, the Supreme Central and Governing Junta of the Kingdom in order to govern themselves and the Spanish Empire in the absence of Ferdinand VII. But, when the Supreme Central Junta dissolved itself on 29 January 1810, under extreme pressure from Napoleonic forces, most of the main cities of Spanish America refused to acknowledge its successor, a Regency Council, as the legitimate depositary of sovereignty. They proceed to name their own local juntas, as a means to exercise government in the absence of the prisoner king.\nOn 25 May 1810, a Criollo-led cabildo abierto formally assumed the authority from Viceroy Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros. However, the ensuing United Provinces of South America (formed on the basis of the former Viceroyalty) declared itself independent on 9 July 1816, after Ferdinand VII was restored in 1815. During the Independence Wars no sovereign state recognized the United Provinces.\nUntil the fall of the Royalist stronghold of Lima in 1821, and the Battle of Ayacucho of 1824, territorial integrity was solely sustained by the military brilliance of Generals Jos\u00e9 de San Mart\u00edn and Manuel Belgrano, the continuous efforts of northern provinces defenders Mart\u00edn Miguel de G\u00fcemes and Juana Azurduy, among many others. However, during this same period, internecine power conflicts among diverse leaders, and ideological and economical struggles developed between Buenos Aires Province and much of the rest of the United Provinces, with many of the Provinces bonding themselves into a Federal League, inspired by Federalist Jos\u00e9 Gervasio Artigas' leadership. In practice, each side treated the other's grievances as a \"foreign policy\" matter.\nThe Unitarian Constitution of 1819 was immediately rejected by the provinces, and a state of anarchy ensued following the Battle of Cepeda. The only cause that could regain unity among the hostile factions was the 1825 invasion of what today is Uruguay on the part of Brazilian Empire. Uruguay, then known as the Province of the Eastern Bank of the Uruguay River, was considered a somewhat breakaway Province, since Montevideo served as the seat of the Royalist Viceroy Francisco Javier de El\u00edo during its war on the May Revolution; and that, after the independentists victory, the Province became the main stronghold of the Federal League leader Jos\u00e9 Gervasio Artigas, who waged a long and bitter dispute during the 1810s against the Unitarians about the shape the national organization would have.\nThe war crisis led to a new Constitution and a first semblance of a united national government, at the same time it represented the first foreign policy crisis of the young nation (known as Rep\u00fablica Argentina, per the 1926 Constitution), as it forced the nation into war with Brazil.\nThe common cause the crisis provided did lead to enough institutional stability to have the British Empire recognize Argentina (as President James Monroe had the U.S. State Department done in 1822) and led to the election of the first President of Argentina. The opportunity for unity, however, was wasted largely because the new President, Bernardino Rivadavia, pushed a new Constitution even more biased towards Buenos Aires' agenda than the failed 1819 document. The war with Brazil, moreover, went badly. Land battles were won, early on, and despite some heroic feats on the part on Irish-born Admiral Guillermo Brown, the war dragged on, resulting in bankruptcy. This and the hated new constitution led to the end of the first republic by 1828; it also led, however, to peace with Brazil and the formation of an independent Uruguay.\nThe 26 September 1828 treaty itself became another foreign policy crisis, as it triggered a violent coup d'\u00e9tat by generals opposed to what they saw as a unilateral surrender. The murder of the man responsible for the treaty, Buenos Aires Governor Manuel Dorrego, itself led to a countercoup that brought with it the promise of a lasting peace; but eventually led to destabilizing consequences.\nThe countercoup brought in a new governor for the Buenos Aires Province, who would in time become the leading figure of a loose confederation of Argentine Provinces (the so-called Argentine Confederation). Juan Manuel de Rosas made it his mission to stabilize Argentina in a confederacy under the tutelage of Buenos Aires Province. This led to repression, massacres of native Americans in the Pampas and, in 1838, an international embargo over the case of a French journalist tortured to death at Rosas' orders. An unyielding Rosas might have let the impasse continue for a decade or more; but, Admiral Guillermo Brown made his talents amenable once again, forcing the French blockade to be lifted in 1841.\nHaving come to power avenging the murder of a man who had decided to cease interference in Uruguay, Rosas invaded Uruguay upon the 1842 election of a government there antagonistic to his personal commercial interests (mainly centered in the export of cow hides and beef jerky, valuable commodities in those days). Commercially close with the French and British Empires, Uruguay's crisis met with swift reprisals against Rosas and the Argentine Confederacy from the two mighty powers. Slapped with fresh embargoes and a joint blockade, Argentina by 1851 found itself bankrupt and with \"rogue nation\" standing; on 3 February 1852, a surprise military campaign led by the Governor of Entre R\u00edos Province, Justo Jos\u00e9 de Urquiza, put an end to the Rosas regime and, until 1878, at least, serious Argentine foreign policy misadventures.\nConstitution and conflict resolution\nThe deposition of Rosas led to Argentina's present institutional framework, outlined in the 1853 constitution. The document, drafted by a legal scholar specializing in the interpretation of the United States Constitution put forth national social and economic development as its overriding principle. Where foreign policy was concerned, it specifically put emphasis on the need to encourage immigration and little else, save for the national defense against aggressions. This, of course, was forced into practice by Paraguayan dictator Francisco Solano L\u00f3pez's disastrous 1865 invasion of northern Argentine territory, leading to an alliance between 1820s-era adver", "What transformation did the tags go through before being provided to people", "What is required in the submission to the Capital Gains Technical Group regarding options over qualifying assets", "What strategies are mentioned for separation and detection in the context of forex sulfur compounds in wines", "rst to review this plugin!\nYou must log in to submit a review. You can also log in or register using the form near the top of this page.", "few months ago I met with Congressman Dennis Kucinich (D-Ohio) and he told me of\nhis plans to formulate a Department of Peace for the United States Government.\nHe now has a draft of a bill to establish such a department. You can see this on\nOur response is on The Office of the Americas web-site\ncongressman is asking for input from people throughout the United States. OOA\nhas sent him its thoughts on the matter. We don\u2019t consider a Department of Peace\nto be a conservative/liberal issue. It is something of universal concern. We\nbelieve the time for a Department of Peace has come and that the proposal should\nbe expressed with boldness and clarity. In our travels we see that militarism is\nno longer a synonym for patriotism. Our survival as a planet depends on\nmaintaining peace and justice.\nsuggested that a Department of Peace have a cooperative link with the United\nNations. Clearly our Congress has had downright hostility to that international\nbody. The League of Nations after World War I was destroyed by the action of our\nSenate. World War II followed. That horrible disaster would not have taken\nplace if the League had been permitted to achieve its potential. After World War\nII the United Nations was formed. We must support its potential.\nbelieve that people must globalize their consciousness. We live on a very small\nplanet in grave danger of environmental destruction. The world military at peace\nis a prime danger to our environment. Should the military of the world be at\nwar, we will encounter an entirely unsustainable situation.\nhas become rar", "s and 6 consonant letters in the word selsyns. S is 19th, E is 5th, L is 12th, Y is 25th, N is 14th, Letter of Alphabet series.\nWordmaker is a website which tells you how many words you can make out of any given word in english. we have tried our best to include every possible word combination of a given word. Its a good website for those who are looking for anagrams of a particular word. Anagrams are words made using each and every letter of the word and is of the same legth as original english word. Most of the words meaning have also being provided to have a better understanding of the word. A cool tool for scrabble fans and english users, word maker is fastly becoming one of the most sought after english reference across the web.\ns, se, sel,\ns, ns, yns,\ns es ls ys n\ns ns ys ls e", "What services does T&K Roofing offer to clients in Winters, California", "WHAT DOES SIZEON MAX PERFORMANCE DO?\nFREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS\nQ: What is the difference between SizeOn Maximum Performance and SizeOn Pre-Contest?\nA: SizeOn contains the revolutionary OUTLAST carbohydrate complex for maximal performance in the gym and recovery and it contains pterostilbene \u2013 our patent pending, naturally occurring insulin secretagogue \u2013 which helps to push those carbohydrates (and amino acids and other nutrients) into skeletal muscle cells to maximize glycogen synthesis, cell volumization and myogenesis. This formula is geared towards an athlete looking to \"bulk up as fast as possible.\" SizeOn Pre-Contest does not contain the OUTLAST complex nor pterostilbene.\nQ: What is the difference between the new version of SizeOn and the original?\nA: The new version of SizeOn contains high amounts of whey protein hydrosylate, leucine, along with more carbohydrates and the insulinotropic powerhouse pterostilbene. All in", "What is LaTeXDraw and what functionalities does it offer for creating vector drawings", "Who is Kunal Bahl and what role does he play at Snapdeal", "What type of fitness shirts are mentioned in the text that might be loved by super hero fans", "ions is called \"being a slacker\" and can put you on the road to professional ruin. You also cannot be a mere hack and \"mail it in.\" Hacks do the minimum by definition. If you're a hack and you do the minimum, your are just \"being a hack.\"\nThis leads to the next question, i.e., how does one abuse the privilege of \"mailing it in,\" assuming it has been rightfully earned? There are two ways. The first is to \"mail it in\" too often. This has been the death of many an A-List actor or a top professor. The second is to perform so horribly that you fall far short of the minimum expectations. This is called \"fucking up big time\" and is a gross abuse of the hard-earned privilege of \"mailing it in.\" Many star athletes make this mistake when they shout obscenities on the court or playing field, or flagrantly foul an opponent, thus being ejected from games and racking up six-figure fines.\nTo Mail It In, or Not To Mail It In - That is the Question\nA person should think long and hard before \"mailing it in.\" What follows is an informal guide that may be of some assistance when making the decision.\nWhat Can Be Mailed In without Ruining One's Career (Usually)\nThere are a number of items of work product that can be mailed in without ruining careers, assuming that the mailing process has been rightfully earned and is not abused. These include television sitcom scripts, legal trial court briefs, pulp fiction novel manuscripts, local newspaper articles, B-list movie performances, professional sports performances (team sports only), and Uncyclopedia articles.\nWhat Cannot Be Mailed In without Ruining One's Career (Usually)\nThere are other items of work product that can almost never be mailed in successfully. These include doctoral dissertations, Broadway musical scores, oral arguments before the Supreme Court, open-heart surgeries, prime-time television investigative journalism segments, taking the Bar Exam, professional sports performances in solo sports, and Wikipedia articles.\nProfessionals Who Can Often \"Mail It In\" (assuming they are not mere hacks)\nSome types of professional are routinely accused of mailing it in, and the accusations are often justified. Such people include lawyers, actors, authors, journalists, bloggers, pop musicians, team sports players, and Uncyclopedia writers.\nProfessionals Who Usually Cannot \"Mail It In\" (it being a given they are not mere hacks)\nOther professionals face virtual instant death if they even try to mail it in while on the job. These include brain surgeons, Ivy League professors, Supreme Court Justices, solo sports players, Pulitzer-prize winning journalists, and Wikipedia article authors. Of course, there are some famous exceptions. Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas has been known to go years without authoring a legal opinion or asking a lawyer a question in open court, and many Ivy League professors are known to treat their lectures to first year students as a joke.\nFamous People Who Have \"Mailed It In\" and Lived To Tell About It\nAs alluded to above, \"mailing it in\" is a privilege that can be earned by famous people as well as everyday professionals. Movie critics widely agree that Jack Nicholson mailed it in with his performance in the film, \"Anger Management,\" and music critics are almost unanimous on the point with respect to Billy Joel's album, \"River of Dreams.\" (Note: While these people have technically lived to tell about their experience, many argue that \"mailing it in\" has crippled - or at least stunted - their careers).\nAll of this being said, here is a partial list of famous people who have been known to \"mail it in\":\n- Stephen King (The movie \"Pet Sematary\" yes, for an author you would think he can spell \"Cemetery\" but he \"mailed it in.\")\n- Al Pacino (In Meet the Focker's...I mean City Hall)\n- Clarence Thomas (The whole Anita Hill incident...he was a Supreme Court Justice... you could have done better)\n- Sean Connery (In The Avengers...and First Knight)\n- Billy Joel (Anything from Oliver and Company)\n- Bill Murray (In Garfield)\nControversy over \"Phoning It In\" versus \"Mailing It In\"\nSince the 1990's, sociologists have argued over whether to draw any distinction between \"phoning it in\" and \"mailing it in.\" Those in favor of a distinction argue that the phone represents a higher form of communication than mail, and that \"phoning it in\" should be applied as a term only to more high-profile work that is performed to a minimal standard. Most experts agree, however, that the two terms developed largely simultaneously, and that there is no practical difference in saying that a person \"phoned it in\" rather than \"mailed it in.\"\nThere is an equally divergent group of social networking youth who feel \"e-mailing it in\" is the wave of the future. Scholars have only recently begun to study the impact of this new-age movement. Until further studies can be conducted, there can be no definitive proof that \u201ce-mailing it in\" carries the same negative connotation as the sinking of the Titanic.\nIn a shocking move, Brett Favre has emerged as the leading proponent of \"texting it in.\" The NFL has not seemed to jump on board with his methods of \"promotion.\" To date these varying viewpoints have created controversy as to the future of \"mailing it in.", "t's Rella. I'm guessing you obtained it the same way I did, which had that song's name wrong.\nA lot of people don't like 50, but as a Hodgy Beats (and MellowHype) fan, I don't mind it. I will say there's too much Hodgy on the album though. He's in 10 of the 18 tracks.\nFavourites: NY (Ned Flanders) - Hodgy Beats and Tyler, the Creator, Forest Green - Mike G, Snow White - Hodgy Beats and Frank Ocean, Rella - Hodgy Beats, Domo Genesis and Tyler, the Creator, P - Hodgy Beats and Tyler, the Creator and Oldie.\n7:00 of Oldie = HNNNNNNNNNNGG, every time.\nRakim is probably one of my favorite artist. I love how he flow his rhymes like in his track, Paid in Full. A lot of people nowadays biting his rhymes\nLets See I like booski lil wayne drake T.I Nicki Manja And Tupac\nTHE DANCE OF YOUR LIFE #TEAMVAGETA\nSignature edited due to Rule Breaking- check this: http://www.serebiiforums.com/showthread.php?t=430446\n6th Gen Future Partner^\nSome of my favorite artists right now is Sabac red, Macklemore, Brother ali\nEl Da Sensei and Substantial.\nI don't choose the bible, I stick with Lenin and Marx - i spit intelligent arts. /Strike Back.\nLasers was a good album I felt. It was different in scope and ambition, but I feel it succeeded in what it set out to achieve, which was to be a commercial hip-pop record. Though I feel lupe had little choice in the direction, I feel he made the most of it that he could. There's only really the tracks that feature MDMA that I don't rate much (largely down to the horrendous over use of auto tune), but like I say, the rest (when take for what it is, and not what it's not) is actually pretty good.", "eved access right up to the mill had been granted, CN attorneys argue.\nMM&A attorneys have argued in court that their business would suffer financially if CN is allowed direct access to the mill, relegating the smaller rail line to a \u201clowly subcontractor\u201d status.\nAn agreement between CN and MM&A that set rates for switching expired recently. New, temporary agreements have been put in place, but Dutton said it appears the new rates set by the MM&A are significantly higher than they had been. MM&A continues to switch trains at the mill, but Dutton said the mill remains unhappy with the rail line\u2019s service.\n\u201cAlthough we\u2019re doing well as a new company, cash is still a challenge for a company that has just emerged from bankruptcy protection,\u201d Dutton said. \u201cIf we have to inventory paper, whether it\u2019s in the warehouse or because of the transit times, that ties up cash; that ties up financing.\u201d\nThe company is profitable at this point, Dutton said, and is dealing with shipping through a combination of trucking and rail.\nGrindrod questioned Twin Rivers\u2019 claims that continuing the present arrangement would threaten the company\u2019s profitability.\n\u201cWhy is that changing? If they are profitable now, under the status quo, what makes them less profitable if the status quo continues?\u201d he said.\nHe also said he was surprised that Twin Rivers took its case to the news media and he defended his railroad\u2019s service to the papermaker as \u201cconsistent.\u201d\n\u201cThey don\u2019t need to try this in the press,\u201d Grindrod said Thursday. \u201cThey ought to call us, and we would happily sit down and work out all these details. But there is this tendency on their part to say, \u2018Well, let\u2019s make a big media splash.\u2019 How many times did they [say] that their mill was going to close?\u201d\nGrindrod was referring to Twin Rivers\u2019 press statements during the company\u2019s time last year in bankruptcy protection, when company officials called on the mill\u2019s union workers to accept a new contract carrying a pay cut or the Madawaska mill likely would fold.\nRelations between the mill and MM&A have deteriorated over the past several years. Mill executives claimed that MM&A failed to maintain the company\u2019s railroad tracks and missed delivery and pickup deadlines \u2014 often forcing the coated and uncoated papermaker to hire trucks on the fly to make shipments \u2014 because of miscommunication or insufficient numbers of railroad runs.\nMM&A officials countered that they were trying to meet demand, but that the mill\u2019s use of trucks and downturn in production made running more trains uneconomical and helped create the conditions that led to the company\u2019s seeking to abandon about 233 miles of track earlier this year.\nMM&A officials also said the mill\u2019s decision to split traffic between them and CN helped cause the railroad\u2019s financial woes. The state of Maine is in the process of buying the tracks for $20.1 million and plans to rehabilitate and lease them to a third-party operator.\nThe spur to the Twin Rivers mill is not part of that deal.", "Consulting services that involve the application of environmental sciences or engineering.\nSites should be listed in the most specific applicable category. Companies that provide a national or local service should be submitted to the appropriate Regional subcategory.\nEnvironmental consultants specializing in environmental site assessments, environmental due diligence audits, and other assessments of real property, generally done in connection with real estate transfers or loans.\nPlease submit your site to the mo", "vector drawing program for LaTeX using PSTricks\nDescriptionLaTeXDraw is a free PSTricks code generator or PSTricks editor for LaTeX. It has the usual drawing tools (lines, rectangles, circles, Bezier curves) and can resize, rotate, move and join objects using vector transformations. LaTeXDraw uses SVG as its file format and figures can be exported as PSTricks code, pdf, eps, jpg, bmp, png, ppm. PSTricks is an extension of LaTeX which allows the creation of drawings, diagrams and graphs in 2D or 3D.\n6739 other people were interested in this package here. The newest known version of this software is 3.3.4+ds1-1 (Information last updated about 8 hours ago.)\nUpload new screenshots\nThanks for uploading more screenshots. Please note:\n- Your screenshot should contain a typical scene when working with it.\n- Take only a screenshot of the respective application and not of your whole desktop (unless the screenshot is meant for a window manager).\n- Y", "Ranch Inc. began on Nov 17, 2004.\nWe have calculated the average cost per day for Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. to be approximately $357 based off of data provided to CMS. Please note that this is only an estimate for reference and prices are subject to change. If you are interested in this facility you should contact them directly for exact pricing for you or your loved one's specific care needs.\n|Medicare and Medicaid Ratings|\nOverall Rating: 5 stars\nHealth Inspection Rating: 4 stars\nStaff Rating: 5 stars\nQuality Measures Rating: 5 stars\nRegistered Nurses Rating: 5 stars\nGlenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. in SARASOTA, Florida has 61 beds compared to a Florida average of 120.76 and a National average of 106.41. As of the last update they had 54 residents compared to a FL average of 106.88 and a National average of 88.66. This results in a 88.52% occupancy rate compared to a Florida average of 88.51% and a national average of 81.98%.\nGLENRIDGE ON PALMER RANCH INC.'s star ratings compare as follows:\n|Visual / Graphical Comparisons for GLENRIDGE ON PALMER RANCH INC.|\n|Hospitals near Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc.|\n|Compare Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc.|\nSARASOTA Florida Nursing Homes and Facilities by Overall Rating:\nHeartland Health Care Center - North Sarasota Sarasota Memorial Nursing And Rehabilitation Cente Plymouth Harbor Incorporated Life Care Center Of Sarasota Sunnyside Nursing Home Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. Sarasota Point Rehabilitation Center Pines Of Sarasota Springs At Lake Pointe Woods Crossbreeze Care Center\nThere are 7 Cities within 30 miles of 34238 Sarasota, FL with Nursing Homes.\nBradenton Englewood North Port Palmetto Port Charlotte Sarasota Venice\nFind Nursing Homes by State: Browse by State", "Finding the cheapest copies of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child in Australia\nIf you're paying the full $45, you're a Muggle.\nThe script book for Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, the two-part play which continues the Harry Potter saga some two decades after the original run, is published this Sunday (31 July). It's been a long wait for J.K. Rowling fans; the final book in the main series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, was published way back in 2009.\nDedicated Potter fans will end up buying the book at least twice. During 2016, the print version will be a \"special rehearsal edition script\". The final version, reflecting the changes that result from tweaks during previews, will appear in 2017. The script book makes up a little for the fact that relatively few fans will have been able to obtain tickets for the original London production (we're sure there'll be a movie eventually, but not for a while).\nBut how much will it cost? The official \"list price\" for the title in Australia is $45, but you'd have to be insane to pay that much. Big W will be selling the book on launch day in store for $15. After Sunday, the price will go up to $20. (Update: Kmart is matching the $15 price, though both chains ended up selling out of initial shipments pretty quickly.)\nThe Sunday release date is a nuisance for Aussies, si", "of Oklahoma has no authority in its constitution to recognize an emperor. Could that have been put in there for a reason?\nI am happy that the reader and his brother find self-satisfaction in the roles they play; may we all find that kind of happiness. But may those around us feel they are at least in the same world with us. The Oukah feels that Ann owes the readers and himself an apology. I think Mr. Oukah and his prince brother owe the Dallas Observer, Ann Zimmerman, and the readers an apology for using the letters column as a \"Rah-rah, Oukah\" political column.\nRiddle of rights\nRiddle me this: How do I get my hands on a Warner Bros. application? Someone who's a little brazen and has a lot of extra time is actually getting paid to assert a claim on a few words from a movie [Street Beat, September 12]. Warner Bros. contends that it owns the rights to the words \"riddle me this,\" which were in the movie Batman Forever.\nRiddle Me This also happens to be the name of a great eclectic band out of Denton that I have been following for a few years. Years, in fact, before the movie Batman Forever was released.\nThink of the possibilities with retroactive rights. And if three words from an entire movie are enough for a copyright, how about one or two words? Off the top of my head, bands like the Rolling Stones, Meatloaf, and Yes might be in a bit of trouble. With a little research, I could probably claim the rights to the names of the Butthole Surfers or even Warner Bros. itself--the same brain trust responsible for that asinine Michigan (that name sounds familiar) J. Frog.\nWhat you've been missing\nI have not read the Observer for about a year. But when I picked up the September 12 issue, I realized what I have been missing. Laura Miller, as usual, really gets to important issues of our culture [\"Artful dodger\"]. And I especially enjoyed Mary Brown Malouf's fine bit of writing in \"No questions.\"\nAs a former teacher of rhetoric, I appreciated Malouf's word choices, sentence structure, and vivid descriptions--but most of all the way she carried the spirit of the place, Arthur's.\nThanks to both writers for insight on Dallas, and for the pleasure of reading them.\nGet the ICYMI: Today's Top Stories Newsletter\nCatch up on the day's news and stay informed with our daily digest of the most popular news, music, food and arts stories in Dallas, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday.", "What did the workers at the DMI foundry do to raise awareness about their situation", "founder of Snapdeal\nKunal Bahl is an Indian entrepreneur, co founder and CEO of the e-commerce platform Snapdeal.\nKunal was born in India and had completed his initial school education at [[Delhi Public School Society| (DPS) Delhi. On his consecutive failure to get admission at Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kunal went to USA and got his bachelor\u2019s degree in engineering from University of Pennsylvania. Kunal received his business degree from the Wharton School and finished an executive marketing program from Kellogg School of Management. While studying in the US Kunal started a detergent company and wo", "chools better.\nWhat's worse? That Heather Arnet is leaving the school board, or that the likes of Ms. Colaizzi and Mr. Ravenstahl will choose her replacement? Things just got worse for every student in the city schools, most of whom already come to bat with a couple of strikes against them, often through no fault of their own.\nThe city needs more Heather Arnets. I hope they find it.", "Who is nominated for the Horace Mann Award for Teaching Excellence", "Tuner FM Marantz ST6003The ST6003 is an FM/MW Stereo analogue tuner with access to all major frequencies and has a high-sensitivity front end to ensure drift-free reception. The RDS tuner lets you tune by frequency or program type, while the full dot matrix display clearly indicates the frequencies and radio data such as station name or radio text. It comes with 50 station presets and a sleep timer function. And, via the Marantz D-Bus you can remote control the ST6003 with any Marantz amplifier ..\nAmplituner Marantz SR5023This latest 2 x 80W stereo receiver, in the new M1 Reference Style design, is built to the highest standards and expertly finished. The slim aluminium front expresses perfect balance, while the dimensions are the same as those for the CD5003 and SA7003, giving you the option of creating an extraordinary system from just two components. Close attention to detail and a no-compromise construction ensures faithfully captured excitement and emotional playback of your music. T..\nCD Player Marantz CD6006The new CD6006 is a fine-tuned version with even more specially selected components and new layout circuit compared to its CD6005 predecessor, the What HiFi \u201cBest CD player under \u00a3500\u201d.We also added more rigid feet to further eliminate vibration. The oversized power supply feeds the digital and analogue circuitry of the player, where the high-quality CS4398 DAC converts digital signals to analogue, this is then \u2018pushed\u2019 to the gold-plated synch outputs by Marantz\u2019s own sm..\nAmplificator Marantz PM6006The PM6006 is an upgraded successor of the multi-award-winning PM6005. Of course, we have retained the pre-amp and power-amp sections that exclusively feature discrete components \u2013 not a single IC in sight of the signal path. The PM6006 is", "Total Number of words made out of Selsyns =31 Selsyns\nis a 7\nletter medium Word starting with S and ending with S. Below are Total 31 words made out of this word.\nAnagrams of selsyns\n6 letter Words made out of selsyns\n5 letter Words made out of selsyns\n1). lyses 2). snyes\n4 letter Words made out of selsyns\n1). sels 2). lyse 3). lyes 4). leys 5). snye 6). yens 7). ness 8). syne 9). lens 10). less\n3 letter Words made out of selsyns\n1). syn 2). sen 3). yen 4). sly 5). sel 6). yes 7). els 8). lye 9). ley 10). ess 11). ens\n2 letter Words made out of selsyns\nen ye es ne el\n: There are 1 anagrams of the word selsyns. Anagrams are meaningful words made after rearranging all the letters of the word.\nSearch More words for viewing how many words can be made out of them\nThere are 1 vowel letter", "with clothespins\nLace insert using a singlet top\nWashi tapes are colorful and decorative masking tape-like tapes that you can use in tons of craft projects. Here's a list of washi tape ideas you can try!", "Sales promotions operate within advertising campaigns to motivate customers to visit the store and/or buy the product. By encouraging customers to buy items at a specific time and place, the consumer buying process is accelerated.\nFor example, when brand advertising is combined with sales promotions, consumers are informed about the product or service while prompted to try it or use it more often.\nSome example of Sales Promotions\nCoupons reduce the cost of the product to increase sales volume or interest by attracting new customers and prompting repeat purchases. They are typically paid for by the manufacturer and distributed through newspapers, magazines, or direct mailings. More and more are being offered via the internet.\nDemos create attention by allowing potential customers to see the features and benefits first hand.\nThese are designed to reward customers for frequent use of the product.\nExamples inc", "What are some examples of sales promotions mentioned in the text, and how do they work", "st appropriate category. Submitting to an incorrect category may delay review of your site.\nPlease submit only websites that have English language\ncontent to this category and its subcategories. If your site is in a language other than English, please submit it to the appropriate category of World\nEnvironmental consultants offering a broad range of services.\nAlthough many of these firms offer services internationally, for convenience most firms are listed by the geographic region where their offices are located.", "What does the author imply about the difficulties of the later stages of marathon training", "At the end of 2015, Federico Vione was appointed chief sales and innovation officer for Adecco. He originally joined Adecco in 1998 as a temp. In 2001 he became country manager of Ajilon Italy and then Switzerland in 2003. In 2005, Vione was appointed project leader, global account management, and subsequently head o", "s. This can not be fully insourced, so that an effective scientific and technological partnership with the private sector is essential for success.\nFourth, the USCG and the other inspection and oversight agencies need to be fully resourced to meet the challenge. Rather than proceeding with cuts to the USCG, new money should be invested in the USCG role in building proper expertise. The USCG has no tools for situational awareness and management below the waters, for example. Inspectors able to oversee the enterprise need to be hired as well, rather than proceeding with personnel cuts in USCG staff.\nFifth, the USCG needs to have fully funded task forces available for crises like these. Built around additional resources such as national security cutters. A full team must be available to intervene in crises needs as an above normal operations approach.\nSixth, the USCG has had to move many of its assets to the Gulf to deal with the crisis leaving the country at risk elsewhere. This is unacceptable and can be solved only by increasing the speed of the overall recapitalization of the rapidly depleting USCG core capabilities.\nThe Administration has spoken of the need to be an effective participate in protecting the global commons. No clearer example of exercising leadership in he the global commons can be made than shaping an effective response to future deepwater drilling. The oil spill is not simply an American affair, in the Gulf of Mexico; with the movement oil by the by currents, it becomes and Atlantic matter as well.\nWe need hearings on how to properly move forward and to shape a recapitalization and stewardship budgets. Rather than yet another hearing on the failures of the oil industry, it is about time to focus in a no nonsense way on the proper US government role. We and the rest of the world should expect no less.\n***Posted on August 8th, 2010", "What is the purpose of the Wordmaker website as described in the text", "This claim overlaps the British and Chilean claims, though all territorial claims in Antarctica are currently suspended (although not abandoned) under the Antarctic Treaty System. Argentina also claims the British overseas territories of the Falkland Islands (Spanish: Islas Malvinas) and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. In addition a 50 kilometres (31 mi) long border with Chile in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field is awaiting demarcation as required under a 1998 treaty.\nOn 22 April 2009, the Argentine government submitted a claim to the United Nations (UN) for 1,700,000 square kilometres (660,000 sq mi) of ocean territory to be recognised as Argentina's continental shelf as governed by the Convention on the Continental Shelf and Convention on the Law of the Sea. Argentina claims to have spent 11 years investigating the matter and submitted 800 kilograms (1,800 lb) of documents in support of the claim. If the claim is recognised by the UN then Argentina will gain the rights to the commercial exploitation of the sea bed (which includes mining and oil drilling). The new claim will add to the existing 4,800,000 square kilometres (1,900,000 sq mi) of commercial shelf already managed by Argentina and includes the disputed British overseas territories of the Falklands, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands and parts of Antarctica disputed with Chile and the United Kingdom.\nArgentina, through its Coast Guard and Navy, has been traditionally greatly involved in fishery protection in the Argentine Sea with the first major incidents tracing back to the 1960s when a destroyer fired and holed a Russian trawler and continued through recent years.\nIn November 2006, an Argentine judge issued an arrest warrant for former Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and eight other ex-officials in relation to the 1994 bombing of the Jewish-Argentine Mutual Association (AMIA) community center in Buenos Aires which killed 85 people. Iran refused to carry out the arrest demanded by the warrant claiming it to be a \"Zionist plot\". As a result, President N\u00e9stor Kirchner ordered the security forces to be on the alert for incidents similar to the 1994 bombing.\nArgentina has a dispute with neighboring Uruguay about two pulp mills on the Uruguay side of the shared Uruguay River near the Argentine city of Gualeguaych\u00fa. Residents of Gualeguaych\u00fa, concerned about pollution from the mills, blockaded bridges across the river in 2006. The case was brought before the International Court of Justice. No final judgement has been passed yet by the ICJ but the denial of preliminary measures in July 2006 allowed the mills to began functioning.\n|Country||Formal relations began||Notes|\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Brazil relations\nAfter democratization, a strong integration and partnership began between the two countries. In 1985 they signed the basis for the MERCOSUR, a Regional Trade Agreement. Also on the military side there has been greater rapprochement. In accordance with the friendship policy, both armies dissolved or moved major units previously located at their common border (e.g. Argentine's 7th Jungle and 3rd Motorized Infantry Brigades). Brazilian soldiers are embedded in the Argentine peacekeeping contingent at UNFICYP in Cyprus and they are working together at MINUSTAH in Haiti and, as another example of collaboration, Argentine Navy aircraft routinely operates from the Brazilian Navy carrier S\u00e3o Paulo.\nOn 7 September 2008, the President of Argentina, Cristina Kirchner, traveled to Brazil where she was the guest of honor at the Independence Day celebrations and witnessed the military parade in Bras\u00edlia. The following day, she held discussions with the Brazilian President Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva on a variety of bilateral issues including energy, defense and nuclear cooperation. Brazil's decision to prevent a Royal Navy ship docking in Rio de Janeiro was seen as backing Argentina over the Falklands dispute.\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Canada relations\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Chile relations\nArgentina and Chile share the world's third-longest international border, which is 5,300 km long and runs from north to the south along the Andes mountains. During much of the 19th and the 20th century, relations between the countries chilled due to disputes over Patagonia, though in recent years relations have improved dramatically.\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Mexico relations\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Paraguay relations\nMain article: Argentina\u2013United States relations\nThe United States has a positive bilateral relationship with Argentina based on many common strategic interests, including non-proliferation, counternarcotics, counter-terrorism, the fight against human trafficking, and issues of regional stability, as well as the strength of commercial ties. Argentina is a participant in the Three-Plus-One regional mechanism (Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and the U.S.), which focuses on coordination of counter-terrorism policies in the tri-border region.\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Uruguay relations\nUS$1.4 billion was traded between Argentina and Venezuela during 2008. Argentine President Cristina Fern\u00e1ndez de Kirchner met Venezuelan President Hugo Ch\u00e1vez in Caracas on 11 August 2009. Kirchner called it a \"bilateral meeting [...] aimed at deepening our vital integration\". The two presidents signed deals intended to see Venezuela import leather, machinery and poultry from Argentina, whilst a rice importation agreement was described by the Argentine President as \"the biggest ever in Argentina's history\". The deals were said to be worth $1.1 billion. The meeting coincided with visits to Venezuela by dozens of Argentine businessmen. Ch\u00e1vez signed the deals at a time of increasing tensions with Colombia over the United States usage of its military bases.\n|Country||Formal relations began||Notes|\n|Croatia||1992-04-13||See Argentina\u2013Croatia relations|\n|Finland||May 11, 1918||\n|Greece||See Argentina\u2013Greece relations\nArgentina has an embassy in Athens and Greece has an embassy in Buenos Aires. At least 30,000 persons of Greek descent live in Argentina with about 5,000 with Greek passports. The majority of Greeks live in Buenos Aires.\n|Holy See||1940-04-17||See Argentina\u2013Holy See relations\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Russia relations\n|Serbia||See Argentina\u2013Serbia relations\nDiplomatic relations between Serbia and Argentina existed before the Second World War and were restored in 1946. Serbia has an embassy in Buenos Aires and Argentina has an embassy in Belgrade. The Ambassador (Charg\u00e9 d'affaires a.i.) of Serbia to Argentina is Martin Simovi\u0107. The Ambassador of Argentina to Serbia is Mario Eduardo Bossi de Ezcurra.\n|Spain||See Argentina\u2013Spain relations|\n|Switzerland||1834||See Argentina\u2013Switzerland relations\n|United Kingdom||1823-12-15||See Argentina\u2013United Kingdom relations\n|Country||Formal relations began||Notes|\n|Israel||1949-05-31||See also Argentina\u2013Israel relations, Argentine Jew, History of the Jews in Argentina|\n|Japan||1898-02-03||See Argentina\u2013Japan relations\nArgentina maintains an embassy in Tokyo and Japan maintains an embassy in Buenos Aires.\nDiplomatic relations were restored by the signing of the San Francisco Peace Treaty in 1952. Argentine president Arturo Frondizi visited Japan in 1960, and subsequently bilateral trade and Japanese investment into Argentina have increased in importance. Japanese imports were primarily foodstuffs and raw materials, while exports were mostly machinery and finished products. Members of the Imperial Family of Japan have visited Argentina on a number of occasions, including Prince and Princess Takamado in 1991, Emperor and Empress Akihito in 1997 and Prince and Princess Akishino in 1998. Argentine President Ra\u00fal Alfons\u00edn visited Japan in 1986, as did President Carlos Menem in 1990, 1993 and 1998.\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Malaysia relations\n|Pakistan||See Argentina\u2013Pakistan relations|\nArgentina and the Philippines were former Spanish colonies. In 2012, both countrie", "What are some examples of work products that can usually be mailed in without ruining one's career", "What issue is jeopardizing the future of Twin Rivers Paper Co. according to Jeffrey Dutton", "What was the role of the Ministry of Foreign Relations in shaping Argentina's foreign policy", "What are the main objectives of the proposed Department of Peace as outlined in Congressman Kucinich's initiative", "ed with closure, Radio France Internationale reported Wednesday.\n\"These days if you are nice, nobody takes any notice of you,\" said Rosa, a 30-year employee of the foundry. \"Until now we have behaved properly but people must take our threat seriously. Some people have reached saturation point.\"\nRosa said the workers are demanding the factory remain open and preserve as many jobs as possible, with $65,000 bonuses for those who are laid off", "What are some of the hip hop albums and artists mentioned in the text", "options over other qualifying assets may also represent the disposal of an interest in those assets. The issue turns on a point of contract law and depends upon the nature of the asset. Where the asset over which the option has been granted is not an interest in land in the UK, the availability of roll-over relief should not be conceded without prior reference to Capital Gains Technical Group. A full description of the asset and a copy of the option agreement will be required in your submission (see the Capital Gains Manual Technical Help pages on how to make a submission). An instant decision cannot be given over the telephone.", "What are some of the favorite artists mentioned in the text segment", "Why did Heather Arnet choose to stay in Pittsburgh instead of pursuing opportunities elsewhere", "f Eastern Europe & Russia. In 2008, he was appointed country manager of Adecco Italy and in 2009 regional head of Italy, Eastern Europe & MENA. In 2011, he assumed responsibility of India & North Africa. Vione has been president and then VP of Assolavoro (Italian Association of Private Employment Agencies) till 2015.", "What must a user do to submit a review for the plugin", "911 attacks from the view of the Terrorists, perhaps more controversial than shocking.\nI know it'll be the third time I've mentioned it on this page alone, but try the Lost Children of Babylon. 'Where Light was Created: The Equidivium' and 'Zietgeist: The Spirit of the Age' are both amongst my favourite hip hop albums.\nAlso, keep an eye open for the upcoming Truthseekah album.\nI'm a hip hop junkie. Biggie smalls is the greatest of all times, followed by tribe called quest.\nI listen to Gambino, odd future, kanye, jay-Z the roots and couple others here and there/\nEnter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)*\nWu-Massacre (w/Method Man, Ghostface Killah & Raekwon, excluding the other five)\nBeneath the Surface\nGrandmasters (w/ DJ Muggs)\nOnly Built 4 Cuban Linx...*\nThe Lex Diamond Story\nOnly Built 4 Cuban Linx... Pt. II\nBlackout! (w/ Redman)\nBlackout! 2 (w/Redman\nOl' Dirty Bastard:\nReturn to the 36 Chambers: The Dirty Version*\nDefinitely listen to the ones with the stars after their names. And when it comes to Method Man, listen to Tical and if you don't like it, don't bother with him. He's mediocre compared to the other members. And I only included the most popular members in this list because the other guys had unsuccessful and mediocre solo projects, sadly.\nI also got this album, you should check it out. http://www.maxtannone.com/projects/ghostfunk/\nThe OF Tape Vol. 2 has been leaked. Now, while I don't promote piracy and I know it's an offense on this forum to talk about it butttttt... this tape is sick. Listen to it in order, as Oldie was definitely meant to be listened to last.\njust listened to the OF tape first run\nI", "upgraded for peak current at the amplifier stage, which makes it possible to refine the sound for you in much more detail. You can connect this superb integrated amplifier directly to a vast range of digital sources and use its ..\nNetwork Audio Player Hi-Fi Marantz NA6005 - AM/FM/CD Stereo Receiver with NetworkingThe Melody Media is not only a good-looking, good-sounding CD Receiver, it also gives you effortless access to a myriad of different music sources. Firstly, it gives you high-quality playback of CD content as well as MP3 and WMA files from CD-R/RW. And as it is a receiver, a radio is built-in and you can select analogue FM radio with RDS or take advantage of digital radio broadcasting DAB and DAB+, whic..\nReceiver Marantz NR1506Designed to deliver a thrilling sonic experience, the NR1506 A/V receiver features expanded connectivity, including built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth and dual antennas that lets you wirelessly stream your favorite tracks from your devices. The NR1506 is also equipped with AirPlay so you can listen to your favorite iTunes tracks wirelessly from your iPod touch, iPhone and iPad. Enjoy high resolution surround from your favorite movie soundtracks. The NR1506 is equipped with ..\nPentru a face acest site s\u0103 func\u021bioneze corect plas\u0103m fi\u0219iere de date mici numite cookie-uri pe dispozitivul dumneavoastr\u0103. Majoritatea site-urilor mari fac acest lucru. Dac\u0103 dori\u021bi s\u0103 accepta\u021bi plasarea de cookie-uri face\u021bi click pe \"DA, accept!\", dac\u0103 dori\u021bi s\u0103 refuza\u021bi cookie-urile face\u021bi click pe \"NU, setez eu manual\" \u0219i anula\u021bi/manageria\u021bi aceste set\u0103ri de cookie-uri. Cookie-urile de fa\u021b\u0103 se reseteaz\u0103 la fiecare 30 de zile. Mai multe detalii gasi\u021bi aici: Politic\u0103 cookies\nNU, setez eu manual!\nCookie-uri necesare pentru func\u021bionarea website-ului", "What is required for roll-over relief to be claimed upon the grant of an option over land in the UK", "What features does the Marantz ST6003 FM datasetFM tuner offer", "Roll-over relief: options over land in the UK\nRoll-over relief is available on a disposal of an interest in a qualifying asset.\nIn law, the grant of an option over land in the UK creates, in the hands of the grantee, an immediate equitable interest in the land. Accordingly, the grant of an option over land in the UK is a disposal of an interest in that land. If the land is a qualifying asset, a claim to roll-over relief is available in respect of the gain accruing on the grant of the option.\nThis analysis is not affected by the regime in Section 144 which provides special computational rules for dealing with options.\nThe grant of", "What is the foundation of success and inspiration for Purposerosa in their designs", "into my running shoes. Inevitably, when my run is finished I'm so gratified that I got my lazy butt out the door. Nothing says Job Well Done quite like a sweaty sheen and dirty, dusty ankles. That's an attractive look, right? Right?\nSo for any of you who might have gone temporarily insane such as myself and clicked, \"submit\" on a marathon registration form, and are now out there pounding out their miles in the summer's blistering heat... You are not alone. And hell yeah, you deserve that extra beer. Calories be damned. >fist bump<", "BANGOR, Maine \u2014 The head of the Twin Rivers Paper Co. in Madawaska said Thursday that his company\u2019s future is jeopardized by shipping costs that have escalated as two rail lines dispute track rights.\n\u201cFreight\u2019s a huge issue for us; the jobs are clearly at risk if we don\u2019t secure the freight situation very, very quickly,\u201d said Jeffrey Dutton, president and CEO, in a meeting with the Bangor Daily News.\nTwin Rivers, formerly known as Fraser Papers, employs about 650 people in Madawaska.\nDutton estimated that under increased transportation fees for incoming raw materials and outgoing product, it will pay roughly an additional $3 million annually.\nTwin Rivers is intervening in a lawsuit between Canadian National Railway Co. and the Montreal, Maine & Atlantic Railway. Dutton said the mill has been unhappy with the service from MM&A, which has been handling switching at Twin Rivers and also has been hauling some paper down through Maine.\nThat dissatisfaction with service, along with MM&A\u2019s past plans to abandon the line through Maine, led Twin Rivers to look to work solely with CN, which hauls the mill\u2019s paper across Canada, said Dutton. He said the mill sought to deal solely with CN, believing the rail line had an agreement to travel over a rail spur owned by MM&A that leads to Twin Rivers. CN sued MM&A, seeking to assert its right to use those tracks.\nMM&A CEO Robert Grindrod said Thursday that Twin Rivers officials were essentially trying to tell his company to get out of the way while another rail line uses its property.\n\u201cI do not want to get into a big discussion about this in the paper when what really needs to be done here is for the parties to sit down and negotiate and come to a solution,\u201d he said. \u201cThat is what the governor wants us to do.\u201d\nGrindrod said Gov. John Baldacci met with MM&A officials Tuesday for about an hour and urged them to meet with the paper company and settle their differences. Maine Department of Transportation Commissioner David Cole tried to arrange a meeting at which the two sides could address their issues.\nDutton said Twin Rivers officials were unavailable to meet with the governor\u2019s office because they had a board meeting at the same time.\n\u201cWe are absolutely interested in talking to the MM&A and the governor and still remain open to do that,\u201d said Dutton.\nGrindrod said he would be happy to meet with Twin Rivers officials. Losing the company\u2019s business likely would cost the railroad about $3 million in revenue annually, he said. About 10 percent of MM&A\u2019s traffic comes from Twin Rivers, its largest single customer.\nA central point in the legal argument between the rail lines and the mill is whether a 2001 agreement contained a mutual mistake.\nMM&A argues that the $5 million agreement made in 2001 allowed CN to access tracks to a point 1,780 feet from the Madawaska mill \u2014 not right up to the doorstep. CN attorneys argue that was a mistake made by both CN and the Bangor and Aroostook \u2014 MM&A\u2019s predecessor. Those railways beli", "lude frequent flyer miles, Amex Reward points, and Discover Card\u2019s cash back bonus.\nThese generate interest and awareness of the product by getting the potential customers involved in an activity. Most often, this activity will include a purchase, or completing a puzzle, or signing an entry form.\nPOP / POS Displays\ndraw attention to the product and influence buying decisions. Examples include signs, displays, and window exhibits placed near entryways, at aisle ends, and near the cash register.\nThese provide a no-risk opportunity to try the product. By distributing samples via the mail, at special events, door to door, or as attachments to other products, companies can grow their customer base and increase future sales.\nRefunds / Rebates\nIncreases sales and promotes brand loyalty.\nBy placing a name / message on t-shirts, pencils, calendars, coffee mugs, etc., companies increase awareness and promote loyalty", "What event is the Team training for in Tallahassee, Florida on April 7, 2012", "How much do you throw away everyday? Do you ever think about it? Yaminah and Yarminiah do. These sisters are taking everyday items and making them into incredible pieces of art and design. I picked their brain about family, creativity, and how they maintain their inspiration.\nWhat is Purposerosa?\nPurposerosa is a jewelry line made from repurposed materials. Our mission is to encourage ourselves and our supporters to make something from nothing in all areas of life.Photo credit: Andre Wagner\nHow did you get started making and creating art?\nWe come from a creative background so we each have art forms we love in addition to jewelry design. Our brand is the perfect way to fuse our artistry into a single expression.\nOn your blog you mentioned that,\u201c Our uniqueness is not solely our own.\u201d Can you talk a little bit more about that, and where your voice comes from?\nWe get our creativity from our mother and grandmother - innovative ladies who are unafraid to be bold and go against the grain. We are so honored to continue building a brand that extends their legacy.\nHow have you been branding yourself?\nWe are a jewelry line that is all about positive transformation, risk taking, and fun! We\u2019re currently expanding the lifestyle aspect of our brand by sharing real life travel stories and inspiration with our awesome followers. We carefully consider quality, composition, and subject matter to ensure our message of positivity and fierceness is boldly represented in our content and product.\nWhat is your favorite piece from your collection? What\u2019s the story behind it?\nMy favorite piece is our Galactic Cuff earrings made from repurposed mirrors. They reflect your surroundings and add a unique touch to any day or night look. We came up with the idea to create jewelry with mirror when we reconsidered a broken mirror we\u2019d planned to throw out. We experimented with transforming it\u2019s brokenness into a functional accessory and eventually created our popular Splint Earrings and Slice Ring designs!Photo credit: Yarminiah Rosa\nWhen did you know you wanted to start a jewelry line?\nWe knew almost immediately after the spontaneous act of making earrings from matchsticks that were on to something. We were so inspired and motivated by the endless possibilities of using repurposed materials!\nWhat's it like designing with your sister? How are your aesthetics different/unique?\nYaminah\u2019s style has a relaxed and sleek feel while my style is more eclectic and spontaneous. Those two styles come together in our designs to create a striking combination of minimalism and eccentricity. In terms of running our business, I am the creative and Yaminah is the strategist - a necessary balance.Photo Credit: Cameron Derby Photography\nHow do you see Purposerosa expanding in the future?\nWe are excited to continue building the Purposerosa team by partnerin", "What proposals has Congressman Dennis Kucinich made regarding the establishment of a Department of Peace", "What is the ownership classification of Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc.", "What specific ingredients are included in SizeOn Maximum Performance that differentiate it from SizeOn Pre-Contest", "l walk away with another $25,000.\n\"I wouldn't hold my breath,\" said Nicholas, a member of the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kan. \"The competition is extremely stiff. These are really talented people.\"\nThe other nominees are:\nn Jennifer Thomas, instructional coach and English language arts teacher, San Jose Unified School District, San Jose, Calif.\nn Kellie Blair-Hardt, special education, Metz Middle School, Manassas, Va.\nn Melissa Collins, second grade, John P. Freeman Optional School, Memphis, Tenn.\nn Julia Marshall, teacher interventionist and literacy coach, Rosewood Elementary International School, Rock Hill, S.C", "What new partnership did Signpost announce and how will it benefit small local businesses", "VAUX, France, March 6 (UPI) -- Workers at a troubled French factory said they placed 14 bombs in front of the facility to get the public to take their situation \"seriously.\"\nGabriel Gawin, of the French Confederation of Christian Workers (CFTC) union compulsory liquidation, said he and the rest of the 168 workers at the DMI foundry placed the gas cylinders linked to detonators in front of the foundry in Vaux when the business was threaten"]}