{"q_indices": [19, 109, 110, 95, 53, 49, 102, 38, 23, 25, 22, 51, 90, 45, 64, 113, 11, 67, 31, 0, 20, 8, 57, 44, 76, 35, 81, 33, 37, 65, 122, 118, 59, 40, 123, 98, 82, 36, 56, 105, 93, 80, 13, 54, 5, 2, 63, 74, 88, 73, 72, 68, 97, 16, 30, 70, 17, 112, 78, 42, 96, 71, 6, 87], "a_indices": [124, 79, 107, 14, 41, 121, 29, 104, 55, 32, 1, 58, 50, 116, 99, 115, 27, 125, 100, 94, 24, 46, 52, 18, 48, 103, 47, 15, 127, 77, 108, 111, 61, 21, 3, 84, 34, 10, 28, 91, 9, 120, 66, 43, 83, 85, 106, 101, 89, 119, 26, 7, 62, 126, 114, 12, 75, 60, 86, 4, 39, 69, 92, 117], "texts": ["What factors can influence the observed spectra of AGN galaxies according to the text", "In what is fast becoming the Book Flood of Summer 2014, even more exciting books have been turning up in the post and as eARCs\u2026\nFeaturing: Anna Caltabiano, Orson Scott Card & Aaron Johnston, Richard A. Clarke, James S.A. Corey, Ellen Datlow (ed.), Emma Donohue, Daryl Gregory, Elliott Hall, Doug Hulick, Kameron Hurley, Kendra Leighton, D.J. Molles, Edward St. Aubyns, Liesel Schwarz, Graeme Shimmin, Nalini Singh, James Thornton\nRebecca, a 15-year-old American, isn\u2019t entirely happy with her life, comfortable though it is. Still, even she knows that she shouldn\u2019t talk to strangers. So when her mysterious neighbour Miss Hatfield asked her in for a chat and a drink, Rebecca wasn\u2019t entirely sure why she said yes. It was a decision that was to change everything.\nFor Miss Hatfield is immortal. And now, thanks to a drop of water from the Fountain of Youth, Rebecca is as well. But this gift might be more of a curse, and it comes with a price. Rebecca is beginning to lose her personality, to take on the aspects of her neighbour. She is becoming the next Miss Hatfield.\nBut before the process goes too far, Rebecca must travel back in time to turn-of-the-century New York and steal a painting, a picture which might provide a clue to the whereabouts of the source of immortality. A clue which must remain hidden from the world. In order to retrieve the painting, Rebecca must infiltrate a wealthy household, learn more about the head of the family, and find an opportunity to escape. Before her journey is through, she will also have \u2013 rather reluctantly \u2013 fallen in love. But how can she stay with the boy she cares for, when she must return to her own time before her time-travelling has a fatal effect on her body? And would she rather stay and die in love, or leave and live alone?\nAnd who is the mysterious stranger who shadows her from place to place? A hunter for the secret of immortality \u2013 or someone who has already found it?\nOne of Gollancz\u2019s 2014 debuts, I was very much looking forward to reading this. I\u2019m reading it at the moment and, while interesting and pretty well done, it isn\u2019t really grabbing me\u2026 Hopefully it will pick up as I near the end\u2026\nNearly 100 years before the events of Orson Scott Card\u2019s bestselling novel Ender\u2019s Game, humans were just beginning to step off Earth and out into the Solar System. A thin web of ships in both asteroid belts; a few stations; a corporate settlement on Luna. No one had seen any sign of other space-faring races; everyone expected that First Contact, if it came, would happen in the future, in the empty reaches between the stars. Then a young navigator on a distant mining ship saw something moving too fast, heading directly for our sun.\nWhen the alien ship screamed through the solar system, it disrupted communications between the far-flung human mining ships and supply stations, and between them and Earth. So Earth and Luna were unaware that they had been invaded until the ship pulled into Earth orbit, and began landing terra-forming crews in China. Politics and pride slowed the response on Earth, and on Luna, corporate power struggles seemed more urgent than distant deaths. But there are a few men and women who see that if Earth doesn\u2019t wake up and pull together, the planet could be lost.\nThis is the third volume in Card & Johnston\u2019s The First Formic War series. Sadly, I haven\u2019t read any of the Ender\u2019s Game-related novels, so I\u2019m not sure I\u2019ll get to this in the immediate future. I will, however, be reading Ender\u2019s Game pretty soon.\nIn Washington, the Kill Committee gathers in the White House\u2019s Situation Room to pick the next targets for the United States drone program. At an airbase just outside Las Vegas, a team of pilots, military personnel and intelligence officers follow through on the committee's orders, finding the men who have been deemed a threat to national security and sentenced to death. On the other side of the world, in the mountains where the drones hunt their prey, someone has decided to fight back. And not just against the unmanned planes that circle their skies, but against the Americans at home who control them.\nI\u2019ve read a fair bit of Clarke\u2019s non-fiction, so I\u2019m curious to see what his fiction is like. Hot topic, drones.\nThe gates have opened the way to thousands of habitable planets, and the land rush has begun. Settlers stream out from humanity's home planets in a vast, poorly controlled flood, landing on a new world. Among them, the Rocinante, haunted by the vast, posthuman network of the protomolecule as they investigate what destroyed the great intergalactic society that built the gates and the protomolecule.\nBut Holden and his crew must also contend with the growing tensions between the settlers and the company which owns the official claim to the planet. Both sides will stop at nothing to defend what's theirs, but soon a terrible disease strikes and only Holden \u2013 with help from the ghostly Detective Miller \u2013 can find the cure.\nI\u2019m so behind on this series\u2026 This is the fourth novel in The Expanse series, yet I\u2019ve only managed to read the first one, Leviathan Wakes. It was recently announced that the TV rights for the series have been bought and (possibly) started development. I\u2019d like to catch up, and I\u2019ll do my best to do so.\nThis deliciously creepy and loving tribute to the master of modern horror features riveting illustrated stories of his wicked progeny.\nIn the century since the master of horror, H. P. Lovecraft, published his first story, the monstrosities that crawled out of his brain have become legend: the massive, tentacled Cthulhu, who lurks beneath the sea waiting for his moment to rise; the demon Sultan Azathoth, who lies babbling at the center of the universe, mad beyond imagining; the Deep Ones, who come to shore to breed with mortal men; and the unspeakably-evil Hastur, whose very name brings death. These creatures have been the nightmarish fuel for generations of horror writers, and the inspiration for some of their greatest works.\nThis impressive anthology celebrates Lovecraft's most famous beasts in all their grotesque glory, with each story a gripping new take on a classic mythos creature and affectionately accompanied by an illuminating illustration. Within these accursed pages something unnatural slouches from the sea into an all-night diner to meet the foolish young woman waiting for him, while the Hounds of Tindalos struggle to survive trapped in human bodies, haunting pool halls for men they can lure into the dark. Strange, haunting, and undeniably monstrous, this is Lovecraft as you have never seen him before.\nSounds like an interesting anthology.\nSummer of 1876: San Francisco is in the fierce grip of a record-breaking heat wave and a smallpox epidemic. Through the window of a railroad saloon, a young woman called Jenny Bonnet is shot dead. The survivor, her friend Blanche Beunon, is a French burlesque dancer. Over the next three days, she will risk everything to bring Jenny's murderer to justice \u2013 if he doesn\u2019t track her down first. The story Blanche struggles to piece together is one of free-love bohemians, desperate paupers and arrogant millionaires; of jealous men, icy women and damaged children. It\u2019s the secret life of Jenny herself, a notorious character who breaks the law every morning by getting dressed: a charmer as slippery as the frogs she hunts.\nIn thrilling, cinematic style, FROG MUSIC digs up a long-forgotten, never-solved crime. Full of songs that migrated across the world, Emma Donoghue's lyrical tale of love and bloodshed among lowlifes captures the pulse of a boom town like no other.\nSome of my own research touched upon Chinese immigration into San Francisco during this period, so I thought the novel sounded quite interesting.\nHarrison was the Monster Detective, a storybook hero. Now he\u2019s in his mid-thirties, and spends most of his time popping pills and not sleeping. Stan became a minor celebrity after being partially eaten by cannibals. Barbara is haunted", "What features does the game offer in terms of graphics and controls", "Aref Abu Zeid used to be a heavy equipment engineer at the Libya Steel Company. Now he runs an 80-man team working 12 hours a day turning out rockets and weapons to fight Moammar Gadhafi's forces.\nIn this rebel stronghold in western Libya, civilian engineers, mechanics and tradesmen are pumping out materiel to arm the uprising against Gadhafi's rule that has become a civil war.\n\"None of us here have anything to do with the military,\" said Abu Zeid, 50, a short man with a thick salt and pepper beard and an easy smile. \"Our need to protect our homes, our lives and our city forced us into this war work.\"\nMisrata, the country's third-largest city located 125 miles (200 kilometers) southeast of the capital, is home to the largest steel company in the country and metal is always available here.\n\"Owners of carpentry and mechanical supply warehouses would just open their doors,\" Abu Zeid said. \"They told us 'Take what you want.' Others bring us piles of money to buy what we need.\"\nAt the beginning of the war in Misrata, mechanics were repairing arms in their homes and garages. But as it raged on, the engineers realized they needed bigger operations and a more organized force.\nThat's when about eight schools across the city turned into weapons' workshops. Volunteers flooded in to help.\nAbu Zeid's operation _ the Complete Industrial Skills College _ is a sprawling campus with shops fitted with welding gear and machinery where youngsters formerly learned engineering and machine making.\nNow the weapons-making crews receive request forms from the front lines that ask for specific machinery and weapons.\nClanging metal and sparking welders fill the main workshop. The floor is strewn with electrical wiring and scrap metal. Old instructional and safety posters still hang on the walls, a reminder that this was once a school.\nTwo men worked on installing Grad rockets onto the back of a pickup truck. Scavenged car parts, scrap metal and captured rocket launchers made up the rest of the project.\nThe truck itself was one of hundreds the rebels found stored in Gadhafi's government and military buildings. They are Chinese knockoffs of a popula", "unger people. In a living will, you can give your family members and doctors instructions about your desired medical care, in case you become incapacitated (comatose or brain-dead, for example) and can't tell them yourself. Some people say that they would not want to be kept alive by artificial means if they are in a vegetative state, and there's no chance of recovery. If this is you, that's definitely something to include in a living will. Of course, if you would prefer the opposite, being kept alive as long as is medically possible, you can put that in your living will, as well.\nPower of Attorney: Power of attorney allows you to grant someone else (normally a trusted family member or friend) the power to make certain decisions in your place, with the same legal effect as if you had made them yourself, in the event that you become unable to do so (normally due to mental or physical incapacity). If you decide to give someone power of attorney, you should make your wishes known to them in advance, so they are more likely to make the same decisions that you would make, if you were able to. And, of course, you should only give this authority to someone with whom you would trust your life because that is, in some cases, just what you're doing.\nFuneral Arrangements: You should make it very clear to the people handling your funeral what type of funeral you want, and what you want done with your body. You should not put these instructions in your will, because wills are commonly not read until days or weeks after the testator dies, by which point it may be too late to give their wishes on this subject effect.\nDo I Need a Keene Estates Lawyer?\nA brilliant estate planning professional in Keene can be invaluable, and you will probably find their services to be well worth the price. They can make the whole process a great deal easier, and they can also help to minimize the chances that your estate plan will be disputed, saving your survivors a great deal of time, money, and energy.", "What is the objective of the game involving the stone frog of ancient Egypt and colored balls", "What improvements are planned for the Bacchus Marsh Indoor Aquatic Centre with the announced funding", "climate in the country. Located in the Uva district, a tea- and fruit-growing region, farmers come in to sell delicious pears and strawberries on market days (Wednesdays and Sundays).\nLearn what to see around Bandarawela...\nBandarawela Holiday Home\nTel: 0094 11 2509102\nHotline: 0094 71 8011510\nE Mail: firstname.lastname@example.or", "What effect does Celie have on her customers in the boutique where she works", "*101% Verified & Active Apple Promo Code & Coupon Code 2019*\nHey what\u2019s up, How are you? I hope you all are fine. If you want to save on your products so come here. Here we will provide you 101% Best Working Apple Promo Code & Discount Code. Even so, use these promo codes and coupon codes and save up to 45% on your orders.\nSo, hurry up an grab the offers and deals\nHere you", "stimate Vergo because of his haki. Vergo imbues haki onto his whole body and attempts to kill Law but Law cuts him in half along with the SAD and the island. Law tells Doflamingo that he and the supernovas are going to be the leaders of the new era.\n#15 - Two Great Forces Face Off! Straw Hat and Heavenly Yaksha\nSeason 17 - Episode 34 - Aired Sep 21, 2014\nDoflamingo lies to the shocked citizens that witnessed him shooting Law, telling them that Law was actually responsible for the morning's fake news about Doflamingo leaving the throne. When asked by Luffy what he is doing to Law, Doflamingo responds that Law was originally his subordinate and as such, it is his responsibility to \"educate\" him. Zoro and Kin'emon attempt to save Law, but before the Marines make a move to stop them, Admiral Fujitora appears, blocking Zoro's sword and sends him underground, using his Devil Fruit ability. Luffy attempts to help, but is blocked by the Colosseum's bars, which are made of Seastone. The rest of the crew, who are listening to the events, are shocked to learn that Doflamingo has an admiral on his side. Fujitora and Doflamingo pick up Law and head for the palace, in order to finish their conversation. Zoro tells Luffy to find a way out, as they try to outrun the Marines. At that point, Sanji's group is attacked by what appears to be a singing ship, which belongs to the Yonko Big Mom. On the ship are Tamago and Pekoms, who reveal that their goal is Caesar Clown. The Straw Hat Pirates realize they have to keep their new enemies away from Dressrosa if they want to destroy the factory. Luffy gives the order for the Sunny to head to Zou, Sanji asks permission to return fire to the Yonko's ship and Franky leads the way for the factory destruction team. Finally, Luffy states in anger that they will head to the palace to save Law and defeat Doflamingo. Meanwhile, a mysterious figure appears in the Colosseum.\n#16 - The Legend Is Back! Kyros' All-Out Attack!\nSeason 17 - Episode 49 - Aired Jan 11, 2015\nAs an unconscious Sugar falls to the ground, the toys in Dressrosa begin reverting to their human forms, to the shock of the humans around them. The Tontatta proclaim Operation SOP was a success as the freed men and women, angry at Donquixote Doflamingo for turning them into toys, begin attacking his soldiers and burning down his flags around Dressrosa. Meanwhile, Kyros, now remembered by his friends and family, finishes what he started 10 years ago by cutting off Doflamingo's head.\n#17 - The Start of the Show - Blackbeard's Plot Revealed\nSeason 14 - Episode 5 - Aired Feb 6, 2011\nThe death of Edward Newgate is already in the progress of being known, all over the world. Silvers Rayleigh too, heard the news. At Marineford, Teach starts his plan, and his crew covers up Teach and Newgate's corpse. The scene changes to Jinbe, who is trying to save Luffy. He flashes back, as he is informed by Vista that he needs to hurry. Down below the cliff, Akainu is getting back up, continuing his chase of Strawhat. Finally being above surface, Akainu is stopped from getting after Luffy by Ivankov and Inazuma. They can hold their ground, but Akainu won't let Luffy get away. Back at the Blackbeard Pirates, they lift the black cloth and Teach shows his darkness powers and his newly gained earthquake powers. Everybody is shocked, and Blackbeard lets everyone: Marineford, pirates, and peace-loving civillians know that this is his era!\n#18 - Maxim Rises! The Start of Deathpiea!!\nSeason 9 - Episode 40 - Aired Feb 29, 2004\nEneru starts a machine that would bring the death of Sky Island: Deathpiea.\n#19 - Finally Clashing! The Ferocious Luffy vs. Kaido!\nSeason 21 - Episode 23 - Aired Dec 15, 2019\nAfter Luffy sees Kaido shattering the ruins of Oden Castle where he left his friends, he becomes enraged and attacks Kaido! Soon after, he finds out Kaido even assaulted Otama who was riding on Speed\u2019s back to her home. Furious, Luffy reveals himself to Kaido and starts to retaliate!\n#20 - Aerial Battle! Zoro's New Deadly Secret Technique Explodes!\nSeason 17 - Episode 91 - Aired Nov 22, 2015\nWith the lives of King Riku, Usopp, and the others on the old King's Plateau in the balance, Zoro must dig deep and discover a powerful technique to counter Pica's near-unstoppable onslaught. Meanwhile, King Riku ponders what it means to be a good king.\n#21 - Overwhelming! The Marine Combat Weapon Pacifista\nSeason 13 - Episode 21 - Aired May 24, 2009\nThe Straw Hat Pirates fight against one of the Pacifistas, and while it does not have Kuma's Devil Fruit powers, it is still able to withstand their strongest attacks while firing devastating lasers at the crew. Elsewhere on the archipelago, Kizaru easily defeats Hawkins, Urouge, Drake and Apoo before Sentomaru contacts him. The situation for the Straw Hats grows even more desperate as Zoro suffers pain from his wounds.\n#22 - Big Clash! Straw Hat Group VS 100 000 Opponents\nSeason 15 - Episode 38 - Aired Jul 1, 2012\nThe citizens marvel and celebrate at the arrival of the Straw Hats. Jimbei reveals that he made an agreement with Luffy to become the hero of the island, as he does not want Luffy to be another brutal human. Brook, Zoro and Usopp reveal that they escaped from the palace with Pappagu. The rest of the New Fishman Pirates are not concerned with Hordy being hit by Luffy. Hordy seems to be not as harmed as he should have been. When Hordy mocks Luffy, claming that he will become the King of the Pirates, Luffy takes down half of Hordy's forces of 100,000 with his Haki technique and tells the fishman that he will become the King of the Pirates.\n#23 - Formation! The Pirate Alliance Luffy-Law!\nSeason 16 - Episode 15 - Aired May 5, 2013\nLuffy and Law agree on an alliance; the rest of the Straw Hats disapprove while Robin approves, even if she warns Luffy about a possible betrayal in a pirate alliance. Law switches Nami , Franky and Chopper's bodies again. Nami ends up in Sanji's body because Sanji is far away with Zoro and Brook . Law tells them that they can't go back once things start moving for example capturing Caesar Clown who has the Logia type Gasu Gasu no Mi. He warns them that he is highly dangerous therefore, they need Haki users to beat him. Luffy says that the Haki users there are him, Law, Zoro and Sanji. The marines are continuing their fight against Caesar's men. The three centaurs open the door and see a big glop of Slime that seeps out poison gas, most of them die and two survive so they run as it chases them. Caesar calls the pet slime monster Smiley and says that the Straw Hats and the G-5 marines are being used as test subjects for it.\n#24 - The Fire Fist Strikes! The Flare Flare Fruit Power Returns!\nSeason 17 - Episode 50 - Aired Jan 18, 2015\nThe final Colosseum round continues as Rebecca finally remembers her father. Sabo destroys the Colosseum with his Dragon Claw Fists: Dragon's Breath before leaping at the Fighting Fish baring the Mera Mera no Mi, and claims the Devil Fruit. Gaining Ace's former fiery powers, Sabo burns a hole directly through the bottom of the Colosseum. Down in the trade port, Hajrudin picks up the barely-conscious Usopp and presents him to all the former toys, proclaiming he is their savior. The hole created by Sabo is seen breaking on the port's ceiling as the remaining fighters fall in. As the light shines upon Usopp, the warriors believe he is a god. Asking what to do next, Usopp tells them to destroy the factory behind him.\n#25 - Shock! Identity of Vergo, the Mysterious Man\nSeason 16 - Episode 20 - Aired Jun 9, 2013\nVergo is still punishing Law and reveals that Vergo is the base commander of the G-5 Marine Base. On a unknown island inhabited by G-5 Marines that are extremely rude and take what they please. The citizens ask if they could look for their missing children. Revealing that the children in Ceaser Clown's laboratory were in fact kidnapped from this island. The Marines refused to help because they said Vergo looked ove", "What are some of the key features of the Rytr writing tool", "moments! I love planning unexpected moments and details! I love the joy on the clients face when they see our vision come to life!\n3. Any fun trends that you are embracing this season? This season I am all about color blocking flowers, using single flower types and using unique vessels for vases. I love using vases of various shapes, sizes and textures and filling them with only one type of flower, a single stem when possible! Then I place the various single flower arrangements together to create a visually beautiful look! Its simple, chic and elegant!\nJove in his own words\u2026\nI have been planning events since I was a kid. Starting with family holiday parties and birthdays I would decorate the house with whatever I could find or make! My first job in high school was in an event company where I learned all about balloons and flowers. We designed and planned events of all shapes and sizes for Disney, Walmart, Dave and Busters and many others.\nI officially started my own company after planning my best friends wedding in 2007. She called me one day and said she could not think of anyone better to do it, I was honored and fond myself loving every moment of the process and knew this was what I wanted to do with my life!\nMy company was born out of a passion for event and wedding planning! We are a boutique event planning company based out of New York City and we provide full service planning, partial planning as well as month of / day of wedding coordination", "What features are included in the kitchen of the property described in the text", "only when arms ceased to pour into the region \u201cwill the dust begin to clear away and the real human and political problems be seen in a clearer light.\u201d The Times noted that an arms ban need not involve any Middle Eastern country in negotiations, yet would provide a \u201csharp test of Soviet sincerity.\u201d\nAsserting that \u201cpatience and goodwill\u201d will not solve the problems of the region, the Times said that \u201cIsrael cannot be wished away by the Arabs or by anyone else.\u201d It suggested that even if the Arab-Israel conflict were ended all insecurity and instability in the Middle East would not be ended", "the media coverage is over the top, \"sensationalized,\" he said. As a reporter I couldn't escape from the news, unlike clients of his whom he advises to just turn off the TV. It was true. I was at Bloomberg with 11 TV monitors in my line of sight.\nWall Street was right in betting that the U.S. wouldn't stop paying interest on its bonds, Benningfield said. I said my worry wasn't just default, but the unexpected consequences of even getting close. In corporate America, that would be called reputational risk. What happens if the government pays creditors but not Social Security recipients?\nBenningfield has long experience calming clients who disagree with him. He didn't think my fear was irrational, he said diplomatically. \"Markets are not necessarily great at pricing the risk of highly improbable events.\"\nHe tried to turn the conversation to something more productive -- not what the future holds but what my actual options were. I could sell my stocks. If I did, what would I do with the money? Ironically, the safest place to be in times of economic stress is usually U.S. government bonds, he said. Yes, that was ironic.\nWhen actual clients call up Benningfield in a panic, his first question is whether they have the means, and the stomach, to weather a volatile market. If you have money in stocks that you need in just a few years, you shouldn't have those assets in stocks anyway, he says. That doesn't apply to me, he observed. With my stocks in a retirement plan I can't touch without penalties for decades, I can take plenty of short-term losses in exchange for long-term gains. My stress is the price long-term investors must pay.\n\"This is part of the plan,\" he said. \"If the risk goes away, so do the the returns.\"\nThen he told me a story about a surfer. I was watching 11 TVs at the moment and didn't entirely follow, but it seemed a veteran surfer was out off the California coast having a great day, the sun was out, the waves were perfect, all was well and he was bitten by a shark. I stopped watching 11 TVs.\nThe surfer survived to tell the tale, Benningfield added quickly, drawing this lesson: Some dangers we can see coming. Many we can't. I could exit the market now, only to jump back in when everything looked safe and then \"get blindsided.\" The biggest profits often come to investors when the sharks are circling.\nAfter hanging up with Benningfield, I pulled out my \"Stock Trader's Almanac\" and confirmed his contention that the market's worst days are often followed by its very best days. The Dow Jones Industrial Average's worst days of 1929 were Oct. 28 and 29, while its best was Oct. 30. Miss out on the losses and you'll probably miss out on the gains.\nBenningfield is good at his job. I left my investments alone. But I felt just as anxious as before. More, really. And now I was thinking about sharks and one-legged surfers.\nOn the next day of the shutdown, the 10th, House Republican leaders floated the idea of lifting the debt limit temporarily. For six weeks. Now it's day 11. Will the deal fall apart, on all 11 TV screens? Even if it's approved, what happens in six weeks? Does this mean the government stays shuttered for even longer, damaging the economy in another unpredictable way?\nI don't know. I do know I'm not doing anything stupid in the heat of the moment.\nYou hear that, Washington", "What is the status of the investigation regarding Lincoln Adim's sexual misconduct allegations", "What do ANA and Japan Airlines indicate about the reliability of the batteries in their 787 Dreamliners prior to the recent battery fire incidents", "line. You shouldn\u2019t just pick any product but one that is marketable. Carry out some research for a product people are willing to spend their money on.\nSecondly, start developing proven and working marketing strategies. Some great strategies that have been working well for many online marketing experts in the last couple of years, such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, search engines, websites, blogs, forums, etc. There are no margins or short cuts in these niches and possibilities. There is a guaranteed way that will lead you to success with your chosen business type. It surely is smart to grab a few days to test several internet marketing techniques for the development of an online business opportunity.\nIn conclusion; if you are considering starting an online marketing business do not just look at upfront cost but also evaluate your marketing cost as well. Ask many questions about the technical support you will receive in the marketing process because this is truly the heartbeat of online business success.", "When did Dr. D. K. Srinivas assume charge as the Commissioner of Customs Visakhapatnam", "What are the names of the six granddaughters of Cecil Slaughter and what is unique about their naming", "ro down and $27 per month for 24 months. Unfortunately, no reason was ever given about why the iPhone 5 was removed from the offer.\nStill, that\u2019s not say the deal wasn\u2019t a good one for customers looking to walk right into a store and walk out without paying a dime. Not to mention that even with the increased monthly payment, T-Mobile still works out to be cheaper than AT&T or Verizon more often than not. We won\u2019t know till T-Mobile\u2019s next quarterly financials what kind of impact (if any) this sale had on the company\u2019s new subscriber count, but I imagine given the length of time the sale was up for grabs, T-Mobile expected a runaway success.\nTake note that with the sales end, the Galaxy S 4 will return to $99 down for a limited time. The offer is good through just about every T-Mobile company-owned channel. T-Mobile is also extending the open-enrollment period for JUMP!, hoping more customers will recognize the \u201copportunity to join this amazing program.\u201d", "What challenges does Rebecca face after becoming immortal thanks to her neighbor Miss Hatfield and what must she do to find a clue about the source of her immortality", "Who is the member of Canberra Quilters recognized with an Order of Australia Medal", "The Six Granddaughters of Cecil Slaughter\nImagine being able to talk from the grave, reflecting on your behavior, your life, and your friends and family. This is the premise of Susan Hahn\u2019s novel about a family of Hungarian Jewish immigrants who settle in Chicago and struggle to make the American dream a reality while still honoring their traditions and ancestors.\nOne aspect of this honor involves naming the six granddaughters of Cecil Slaughter after their grandfather, in choosing names that echo his: Ceci, Cecilia, Celine, Cecily, Celie, and Celeste. Ceci died as a young adult, and the story is narrated in her voice, speaking from the grave as she watches the antics of her above-ground family members. This is an eerie yet entertaining concept, and the insights she observes are profound and poignant.\n\u201cThe dead are not necessarily serene,\u201d she says. \u201cWe bring with us our unfinished business\u2014our angers about being treated badly, our unfulfilled ambitions, our unrequited longings about love\u2014the innumerable hungers and unresolved issues of the flesh.\u201d\nIt seems that all the granddaughters\u2014with the exception of Celeste, who died as an infant\u2014are more than a little off-balance. Cecilia is a talented, well-known poet with an obsessive personality, and her dispensation to the dark side only worsens after she is brutally raped. No matter how much she writes, she feels she cannot purge herself of the dirt lef", "Who received the Retaining the Tradition award for their quilt at the 2016 CQ Members Exhibition", "The bustling hill town of Bandarawela is, like Nuwara Eliya, in the cool Central Highlands, though it is further south and at a lower altitude (1,230 metres) than its more famous cousin. Often considered to be the \"forgotten\" hill station, it tends to be dry when Nuwara Eliya is wet and vice versa and is known for having the best", "What Is Rytr?\nRytr is an AI composing tool that can help you create blog posts, articles, and a lot more. Learn more in this Rytr evaluation.\nWe\u2019ve all encountered author\u2019s block\u2013 whether you\u2019re composing long-form posts or social media sites messages. Occasionally, it\u2019s simply difficult to create high-converting content over and over.\nRytr looks for to break through this writer\u2019s block by developing a duplicate in secs. You just type in some context, and also it does the rest for you. But just how efficient is Rytr? Is it worth determining how to utilize its internet of functions? Keep checking out for our total testimonial of this AI writing device.\nPricing is budget-friendly for a limitless plan\nUtilizes the exact same GPT-3 performance as large rivals like Jasper AI\nSupplies a Chrome expansion which is special for such a tool\nConstructed in plagiarism checker is not an upsell, but utilizes your strategy\u2019s personality credit scores\nAccess to a costs area of like-minded customers\nInterface does not sustain long form material in addition to competitors\nLimited in tone of voice choice\nSearch engine optimization functionality exists, however limited\nCompetitors like ClosersCopy who likewise use a reasonable lifetime deal do better general\nLifetime deal is no longer provided\nKey Functions of Rytr\nRight here\u2019s the extraordinary listing of attributes supplied by the Rytr creating tool.\n- Generate unrestricted words each month (with Unlimited strategy).\n- Accessibility to over 30 use-cases to produce web content.\nWrite in over 30 languages.\n- Accessibility 20+ creating tones.\n- Built-in plagiarism mosaic.\n- Accessibility to costs neighborhood.\n- Create your own personalized use-case.\n- Supplies you a dedicated account supervisor.\n- Priority e-mail & conversation assistance.\nRytr has actually integrated Copyscape checks, which suggests that all the material it creates is plagiarism-free.\nYou can easily examine if any one of the text is original by highlighting a sentence and clicking the \u201cEven more\u201d section to bring up the plagiarism mosaic.\nThere\u2019s a restriction of 1600 characters you can check at the same time. If Copyscape spots any type of plagiarism, you\u2019ll have the ability to see the cause a pop-up.\nThis attribute is one definite benefit that a Rytr evaluation has over various other AI web content generators. You don\u2019t have to leave the device to check if your message is initial, which speeds the composing process up considerably.\nIt is n", "Members free, non members $20, at the door $30 (cash only)\nMust RSVP@fabulousmiami.com by February 15th, 2012 as space is limited\nVIP Kick-off Party of the Netherlands and Belgian American Chamber of Commerce\nYou are cordially invited to the Official VIP Kick-off Party of the Netherlands and Belgian", "David Lewis Akers \"Dave\", was born march 24, 1949 in Alameda, CA. He worked in various positions at Coffeyville Resources refinery. Survivors: a son Jeffof Tulsa, his fiance, Sherry Strong of the home; two sisters, suzanne Smith of Olathe and Jay Jackson of Anthony, brother Mark, Omahaa, NE, sister Jamie Raines, Hastings, NE, mother Bobbie Akers, Salina. David served in the US Army during the Viet Nam war earning a Bronze star, purple heart and Army Commendation metal. Bruial: Floral Haven Memorial Gardens, Broken Arrow, OK\nCremation with private services are planned for Joanne Cloud \"Jody\" Aussem, 58, Lawrence.Ms. Aussem died Sunday, Sept. 28, 2008, at her home.She was born Nov. 28, 1949, in Salina, the daughter of Joseph Carl and Ruth Elaine Dragoo Cloud. She graduated from Salina High School in 1967. She graduated summa cum laude from Kansas University.Ms. Aussem was the owner of P.E. Aussem Co. She was a member of the Kansas City Junior League and Kappa Kappa Gamma Sorority.Survivors include her mother; a sister, Mary Mar Olson; three nieces, Jody Mintken, Katy Matthai and Beth Colon; and many friends.The family suggests memorials to the St. John's Military\nRichard Edward (Eddy\") Austin passed away Oct 27, 2011. He was born March 18, 1949 in Salina, KS, son of James and Leona Austin. He is survived by his wife Marilyn and children J.J Austin and Megan Brown. Burial Roselawn Memorial Park, Salina, KS.\nJerry was a veteran of 2 tours of Army duty in Vietnam, he was a specialist 5th class. He was survived by his parents Mr & Mrs Warren L Berquist, Salina, 2 sisters, Julie and Cheryl both of the home and grandparents Albert Berquist, Lindsborg and Perley Stevens, Eustis, ME. Burial Rose Hill cemetery, Bridgeport. Sadly, Jerry's death was ruled a suicide.\nPERRY J BETHE, 62, SALINA, was found at home, Tuesday, February 21, 2012.\nHe was born August 10, 1949 in Salina.\nPerry was employed for the Iron Workers Union for more than 30 years.\nHe was preceded in death by his mother, Dorothy E Bethe (Schrader) in 1986, and a brother Dennis Dean Bethe in 2009. Survivors include his father, Charles Dean Bethe, Salina, so Matthew Dean Bethe, Ft Worth, TX, daughter Mary Katrina Bethe KC KS, sisters, Peggy Ann Gottschalk, Salina & Donna Kay Murnen of Toledo, OH and former wife and devoted friend, Paula J Bethe and step-mother, Arvetta Bethe. Buried in Roselawn Memorial Cemetery, Salina, KS\nCurtis A Boaz, 63, of Salina, died Tuesday July 2, 2012. He was born Oct. 13, 1949, in Quonset Point, R.I.,. For many years, he lived in California and was a truck driver. After retiring, he returned to Salina.\nHe is survived by a son, Daniel Boaz of North Hollywood, CA, two grandchildren, Nicole and Justin Boaz, his parents Kenneth E and Betty Boaz of Salina, two brothers, Karl Boaz (Rebecca) and Mitchell Boaz (Jewels), both of Salina, six sisters, Elizebeth Polly of Olathe, Cathy Boaz & partner Aloha of Brentwood, Ca, Genie Boaz of Watsonville, Ca, Rose Davied of Shawnee, Marla DeCelles (Jeff) of Novato, Ca and Denise Boaz of San Francisco, Ca, and his special friedn Rosalie (Smith) Hawk of Salina, five nieces and seven nephews.\nCheri was married to William Robert Cheatham of OK City, she passed away in Sacramento, CA - Citrus Heights. Cheri graduated from Kansas State University, she was a past honored queen of Job's Daughters.\nElizabeth passed away on June 4, 2008. She was survived by her father Willie J., two brothers John Cockman of Salina and Calvin Cockman of Raleigh, Mass, Burial most likely in Beverly cemetery, but we could not confirm that.\nKathleen (Kathy) passed away on Novermber 8, 1991 in Detroit, MI. Survivors: One son, Sid Young (Sid later died in May 2012), two daughters, Eva young and Patty Norwood, Salina. Four brothers, Gilbert, Gordon, Gary and Gerald and one granddaughter Sara Norwood\nGrady Franklyn Elder, 58. died Aug. 21, 2007 at his home in La Cygne, Kan. In 1971 Grady graduated from Fort Hays State University with a degree in Art Education. He played football and wrestled while earning his degree. He taught art and coached wrestling at Prairie View HS from 1972 until he retired in 2003. After his retirement, he remained busy as a real estate agent, licensed in KS and MO. An avid bowhunter and fisherman, he enjoyed the outdoor sports and was a long time member of the KS Bowhunter's Assoc. & Whitetails Unlimited. He is survived by his wife, Linda(Wicke) Elder of the home. Two daughters, Erica Elder, Austin, TX and Frankie Howard, and his \"best buddy\" grandson Ashton Howard, LaCygne, KS, sisters, Faye Clements, Hutchinson, Carol Doran, Harlan, Iowa, Lynne Anderson, Smolan, Ks, brothers Bryan Elder, Yukon, OK and Lyle Elder, Independence, KS 6 nieces and 15 nephews. Burial Oaklawn Cemetery, LaCygne, KS.\nA Memorial Party will be held at the LaCygne Community Building on Saturday, Aug. 25 at 6 p.m.\nIn lieu of flowers, the family asks donations be made in Grady's name to \"Kids In Need,\" a community fund, of which he was a founder.\nFred Foster 27, Topeka who grew up in Salina, died late Saturday October 1st after an accidental gunshot wound to the chest. Fred was hunting with 2 friends just north of Delia, KS, when one of the companions attempted to place a 12-gauge shotgun in a gun rack behind the seat of a pickup and the gun discharged, the blast going through the truck cab wall and striking Fred who was standing outside the vehicle. Survivors: parents Mr & Mrs R.W Foster, Salina, wife Susan, Topeka, a daughter Cassie Foster and a son Charles Foster, Marceline, Mo and 2 sisters, Susan Holgerson, Colorado City, Co and Denise Lovett, Salina. Burial Mt Hope cemetery, Topeka.\nLeslie passed away in Salina on Jan 10, 1991. She is buried in Milo Cemetery, Barnard, KS. She was survived by her father Leslie H \"Catfish\" Mastellar, mother Morna M nee Stussy, sisters, Cindy Gosselin, Marietta Mastellar and Karen Watts, one daughter Raquel Franch, son Leslie Harvey Franch (died 10/31/2011 in Abilene) predeceased by one brother Glen Mastellar.\nGary Michael (Mike) was a business and technical writer. He graduated from Kansas University in 1971. Survivors include his father Byrl Glendening of Salina, his mother Maxine Wallace of salina and a sister Terry Brightbill of Salina. Burial in the Bridgeport Cemetery.\nRon Hanzlicek was a long-time client of services at OCCK, Inc. While I was a director at OCCK, Ron worked for me in a couple of positions. He was a long-time employee of Sparkle Car Wash and was always anxious to get to work every day........even his days off!\nRon was struck and killed one frosty morning crossing the street from his group home to the Dillons store on South Ohio by a fellow who hadn't bothered to scrape his windshield. The sun prevented him seeing Ron. So Ron paid a price for a lesson learned to ensure you scrape your windows before you drive anywhere.\nDebbie was a very gifted girl. She was an avid debater. She could sew, draw and write. She was always willing to help a friend and could coordinate outfits that would have looked good in Vogue. Her mother Gloria told me that Debbie was in California when she passed away. A beautiful girl ..\"gone too soon\".\nMichael W. Hawk, 53, Salina, died Tuesday, Oct. 1, 2002. He was born April 14, 1949, at Abilene. Mike was owner/operator of hawk Vending Co and also owner of Maggie Mae's Tavern, Salina. He was a member of the Grace Baptist Temple, Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 1432, American Legion Post 62, Moose Lodge, Alcoholics Anonymous and the Fraternal Order of Eagles. Survivors: wife, Rosalie, two sons, Adrian and Tracy, two daughters, Lisa Jackson and Tiffany Sanchez, two stepdaughters, Amy Horst and Susan Eberwein and 10 grandchildren. He is predeceased by his parents Verlyn W and Elaine M Hawk. Burial Roselawn Memorial Park, Salina.\nSam was born in Salina, KS and was a lifelong resident. He worked at the Provision Co. and was a member of Christ Cathedral and Phi Delta Theta. Survivors: his mother Rachel of Sa", "What is Jove's approach to planning an event", "What does the study investigate regarding the relationship between AGNs' optical spectrum and X-ray absorption", "ternational Quilt Festival currently being held in Houston, USA.\nFurther details and images of the award winning quilts can be seen here.\n(Quilt in banner is another of Helen\u2019s, Ornithology of Oz, shown at this year\u2019s members exhibition.)\nThe latest issue of Quilters Companion magazine, number 80, has a profile of member Janelle Noack. Quilters Companion magazine is one of Canberra Quilters exhibition sponsors.\nJanelle is one of our country members, from Dirnaseer (near Cootamundra). As well as the profile there is Part 1 of a quilt project, Pinchgut Valley. Part 2 will be in Issue 81.\nJanelle will have a quilt in the 2016 CQ Members Exhibition, 11-14 August 2016. This is Janelle\u2019s quilt from 2013, Retreat Station. It received the Retaining the Tradition award.\nCongratulations to members Dianne Firth, Helen Gray, Beth and Trevor Reid, and Brenda Gael Smith. They have all been selected for the Australia Wide 5 exhibition, a touring exhibition of art quilts from Ozquilt Network.\nThe exhibitions opens at the Bunbury Regional Art Gallery on 23 September and will tour throughout 2017 and 2018.\n(Quilt in banner is Oyster Catchers II \u2013 The Shoreline, by Beth and Trevor Reid. It was shown in the 2015 CQ Members\u2019 Exhibition.)\nSome members of Canberra Quilters are also members of QuiltNSW and are exhibiting in Sydney this week. Here are details of those who had success in the judging:\nBeverley Hunter- 3rd place Predominantly Appliqu\u00e9 (Amateur) for Beautiful Botanticals.\nMichelle Law- 2nd place Small or Wall Quilt (Amateur) for Seven Garden Maze\nDianne Firth- Judges\u2019 Commendation Art Quilt (Open) for Spring Grass\nBeth Miller- 1st place Pictorial Quilt (Open) for Bayon Temple\nHelen Godden \u2013 3rd place Pictorial Quilt (Open) for Ornithology of Oz\nLynda Nikolovski \u2013 Judges\u2019 Commendation Modern Quilt for Fireworks", "What concerns does the author express about potential government actions during an economic crisis", "The BEST Episodes of One Piece\nEvery episode ever - ranked by fan votes!\nLast Updated: Nov 21, 2020\nNetwork: Fuji TV\nThe adventures of Monkey D. Luffy and his pirate crew in order to find the greatest treasure ever left by the legendary Pirate, Gold Roger. The famous mystery treasure named \"One Piece\".\n#1 - Disappearing Crewmates - The Final Day of the Straw Hat Crew\nSeason 13 - Episode 24 - Aired Jun 14, 2009\nSentomaru lets out that Kuma's powers send people flying through the air for days, and that Luffy should give up on ever seeing Zoro again. Kuma's motivations become questionable when he vanishes the Pacifista, gives Rayleigh some secret information, and refuses to explain himself to Kizaru. He then goes after each of the Straw Hats, vanishing them one-by-one before Luffy's helpless eyes. Brook falls trying to protect Usopp and Sanji, Usopp falls as he tries to get away, Sanji falls when he attacks in retaliation, Franky falls when he tries to get past Kuma, Nami falls as she pleads to Luffy for help, Chopper falls as he continues his mindless rampage, and Robin falls as she tries to flee. Luffy breaks down sobbing at the realization that he's alone and he failed his crew, as Kuma tells him that they will never meet again before vanishing him too. The Straw Hat Pirates have been completely annihilated.\n#2 - Admiral Kizaru's Fierce Attack. The Straw Hat Crew`s Desperate Situation!\nSeason 13 - Episode 23 - Aired Jun 7, 2009\nUsopp and Brook's attempts to attack Kizaru fail, but Rayleigh arrives, managing to block Kizaru's attack and hold him off. Luffy orders his crew to retreat, declaring the enemies impossible for them to defeat at this time, but Sentomaru and the other Pacifista bar their escape and even Chopper's Monster Point form is unable to turn the situation to their advantage. The real Kuma arrives and uses his Devil Fruit powers to make Zoro disappear.\n#3 - Say You Want to Live! We are Comrades!!!\nSeason 11 - Episode 52 - Aired Sep 24, 2006\nSaulo fights the battleships, attempting to allow Robin to escape. She tries to board the evacuation ship, but per Spandaine's orders, she is denied access. Vize-Admiral Kuzan, later known as Admiral Aokiji, enters the scene to engage in battle with Saulo. While they fight, the evacuation ship is sunk by the fanatical Vice-Admiral Sakazuki, later known as Admiral Akainu. Saulo, on the verge of dying, instructs Robin to flee on his raft. Persuaded by Saulo's argument and Sakazuki's action, Kuzan helps Robin escape. From then on, Robin lives a life on the run, not being able to trust even the kindest of people, in a world that believes that her existence alone is a sin. In the present, Robin admits her greatest fear: to be seen as a burden by her crewmates and cast away, because being with her means having the world as their enemy. Finally knowing what kept her away, Sogeking, on Luffy's order, burns the government's flag, declaring war.\n#4 - The Exploding Fist! Destroy the Auction\nSeason 13 - Episode 15 - Aired Apr 12, 2009\nThe auction continues, but Saint Charloss arrives and ruins the Straw Hats' plan to buy Keimi back by placing an exorbiant bid on her. The proceedings are then interupted when Luffy and his Flying Fish crash into the auction house, but he is restrained from rushing the stage by Hatchan, who accidentally reveals his Fishman nature in the process. While the nobility recoils in disgust, Charloss shoots him, gloating about obtaining a Fishman slave. Luffy snaps and punches the man in the face.\n#5 - Attack on a Celestial! Luffy's King Kong Gun of Anger!\nSeason 17 - Episode 105 - Aired Mar 20, 2016\nLuffy regains enough Haki to face off against Doflamingo, but his health is still poor. With the Birdcage closing in, is there a technique left in his repertoire that is strong enough to take down Doflamingo?\n#6 - Fourth Gear! The Phenomenal Bounce-Man!\nSeason 17 - Episode 98 - Aired Jan 17, 2016\nLuffy and Doflamingo duke it out while the Birdcage tightens its grip on Dressrosa! Zoro sets off with a plan to stop it from slicing apart the country, while Luffy's Fourth Gear proves quite potent against Doflamingo!\n#7 - The Legendary Pirate! Boss Chinjao\nSeason 17 - Episode 18 - Aired May 25, 2014\nThe competition at Block C of the Corrida Colosseum is wining down as Lucy squares off against Jean the Bandit while others like Kelly Funk, Chinjao, and Ideo start to easily take out other competitors. Kelly Funk's power is revealed but is easily defeated by Sai who prepares to face off against Ideo. Outside of Dressrosa, the Straw Hat Pirates are still dealing with Jora and the Donquixote Pirates and back in the Colosseum, the final two of Block C is revealed to be Lucy and Chinjao who had just clashed with Haki.\n#8 - Luffy, Startled! The Man Who Will Inherit Ace\u2019s Will\nSeason 17 - Episode 35 - Aired Sep 28, 2014\nDellinger continues attacking Bellamy until Bartolomeo saves him, before Dellinger is called by Diamante to guard the Toy House. Thunder Soldier explains \"Operation: SOP\", and how there's an underground trading port where Sugar, the one who makes people into toys, is hiding. As Luffy is looking for the colosseum's exit, he runs into Bartolomeo and Bellamy, and are shortly approached by Sabo. Promising to retrieve the Mera Mera no Mi, Luffy gives Sabo his disguise so the latter may fight in the colosseum. Bellamy leads Luffy to an exit as Luffy, Kin'emon, and Zoro head to the Flower Field in disguises.\n#9 - The Destructive Cannon Explodes! A Close Call for Lucy\nSeason 17 - Episode 17 - Aired May 18, 2014\nThe battle royale heats up as more fighters continue to drop one after another and the strongest and most infamous fighters begin to face each other. The standouts among the remaining infamous fighters include \"Destruction Cannon\" Ideo, Jean \"The Bandit\" Ango, the Funk Brothers Kelly and Bobby, the Flower Country's Hasshoken masters and naval warriors Chinjao, Sai and Boo, and finally Lucy, who is becoming a popular underdog. The audience and commentator Gatz are a mixture of shock and awe by the power and brutality of each fighter's signature skills and techniques, and the question on everybody's mind is which one of these powerhouses will come out on top and earn the right to challenge the other three champions for the Mera Mera no Mi.\n#10 - Another Strong Enemy Appears! Broadaxe-Wielding Sentomaru\nSeason 13 - Episode 22 - Aired May 31, 2009\nThe Straw Hats combine their strongest attacks to defeat the Pacifista, but are exhausted after the battle. Sentomaru arrives with another Pacifista, and Luffy attempts to escape, dividing the Straw Hats into three groups. Unfortunately, Sentomaru intercepts his group, the Pacifista cuts off Sanji's group, and Kizaru attacks Zoro's group, knocking Zoro down and preparing to finish him off.\n#11 - The Counterattack Begins! Luffy and Law's Great Escape\nSeason 16 - Episode 24 - Aired Jul 7, 2013\nAs the Underworld Brokers watched the video feed of the captive Straw Hats and Marines, Eustass Kid and Killer decided to ignore it for more important matters, such as forming an alliance between the Kid pirates, On Air Pirates and the Hawkins Pirates. Law then decided to set his plan into motion and orders Franky to blow a fireball at a destroyed ship, creating enough smoke to block the cage from being seen from outside. Law then breaks free, explaining that he switched the sea prism stones with fakes during his stay on the island, and proceeds to free the others and restoring Tashigi and Smoker in their own bodies while securing their aid. Franky however had to leave them and protect the thousand Sunny. Meanwhile, Zoro and Nami's group are still running away from Shinokuni and they manage to join up while escaping. Luffy's group managed to enter the Lab with the aid of Law and they opened the gate, allowing the G-5 marines to get in before closing the gate, but the rest of the Straw Hats were still outside. Seeing their only chance of hope closing, Zoro and Kine'm", "What does the biker bring to Loved to Death, and what does Audra need to do to get it worked on", "What was Law's position in relation to Doflamingo before the confrontation described in the text", "What challenges does Dilly Dally face in establishing their individuality in the music scene", "What were some of the occupations held by individuals mentioned in the text segment", "I\u2019m behind, missing Day 32. In writing, not the yoga. Well, let me change that. I missed Day 31 of yoga, so I am more behind than I thought. And let me say that skipping one day of yoga practice, now feels like a very long time!\nBut as the story goes\u2026.. an interesting thing happened along the way.\nNo yoga on Thursday. Friday, done!\nSaturday\u2026. and class wasn\u2019t until 9:30am so I had a long time to think about the practice ahead. A long time to build some expectations \u2013 or not.\nMy yoga practice goes up and down, forward and backward with regards to how I feel about it, progress, what I expect to get out of it. Saturday I was at a point of surrender. You know, feeling like it doesn\u2019t matter what the heck I do or what progress I make, all I really want is to get on my mat and move a little.\nWhy is it we think we have to get somewhere? Make progress? Go a little further? Do a little more? It isn\u2019t what yoga is supposed to be about. For me, it is supposed to be doing something I love. Keeping my body moving and healthy. Building awareness and focus. Learning to be calm, still and peaceful. That is my yoga. So why the continual need in the back of my mind that it has to improve?\nI went to class ready to accept it, wherever it was today. I discussed my somewhat problematic SI joint with the teacher and said I was going to take it easy, try to bring some awareness into what might be causing me the joint problem. If I stopped doing a pose, or opted out, she would know why.\nI love this teacher\u2019s classes. Always new and fresh and well paced. We begin. A vinyasa class, building heat", "What happened to the iPhone 5 in T-Mobile's initial offer", "Articles by Guido Segers\nGuido Segers had a chat with Greg Sweetapple from Mistwalker and the affiliated projects on the collective Viridian Records, which comes from the coast of Newfoundland originally but has since changed his native Glovertown for Montr\u00e9al. Greg Sweetapple\nGuahaihoque merge Andean folk with black metal in a very own way. Guido Segers found them willing to answer questions about Colombia, their history and music and what freedoms they currently have in their country.\nFuria is not for everyone, but the Polish band has continuously been searching within the realm of black metal and folklore for new expressions. At the last Roadburn Festival, Guido Segers sat down with the band to find out more.\nWe headed for Lizardfest 2018 on the 15th of May, which took place in Gaukurinn, a well-known rock club in the heart of Reykjavik to experience some amazing bands.\nIn Saudi Arabia it can be punishable by death to play dark blasphemous music. That doesn\u2019t keep AlNamrood from doing so though. Guido Segers asked main member Mephisto some questions to find out more.\nPortuguese black metal band Gaerea were kind enough to have a chat with Guido Segers and tell more about their band, vision and what this music means to them.\nGuido Segers caught up with Goro Fast, who drums in Mozambique death metal band SarcotrofiA.\nGuido Segers caught up with Fernando and Andres from Bolivian black metal band Oscuro Mito.\nGuido Segers dives into the Pyrenean black metal scene and fired over some questions to S\u00e9an B., the sole member of De Veneficas Inferi.\nHades Ghosphell are from Laos and they play black metal, which does make them stand out a scene that is overwhelmingly death metal of the more brutal kind. The band was kind enough to answer some of Guido Segers\u2019 questions about playing metal in Laos.\nA Village In Despair is a band from Sri Lanka that plays a peculiar brand of black metal, inspired by the situation in their country. Guido Sege", "What is the purpose of a living will and how should it reflect an individual's preferences regarding medical care", "ht for entertaining family and friends in the formal dining room. A view of the formal dining room from the rear foyer. Of special note are the high ceilings, tall windows, graceful chandelier and antique mirrored fireplace surround on the far wall.\nUpper floor landing with custom made railings and door surround leading to the formal English library. Straight grain fir and woods used throughout the residence.\nSouth end of master bedroom with four poster bed, handmade lampshades and the door to sun room visible at the back. Note there is one of two desks at the lower right of the photo.\nMaster bath facing due South with claw foot tub and shower with glass block surround. Custom made \"cloud drapes\".\n2nd Guest Room on second floor with walk in closet.\nSpacious laundry room between garage and kitchen. Laundry sink, sorting counter, built in ironing board, food freezer, a full bath with large shower and a staircase to full length room over tree car garage", "What aspects should be evaluated when considering starting an online marketing business", "What concerns were raised about the management of Hinchingbrooke by Circle", "t behind on her body by the man she calls Herr M., her rapist.\nCelie, just as off-balanced but in a different way, works in a boutique frequented by \u201ceducated, rich, bored, frustrated, freaky-thin women who are dismayed that they have wound up being such clich\u00e9s.\u201d Celie makes her customers feel hopeful\u2014\u201cthat the next item she brings them to try on will most certainly reinvent them. That suddenly they will see themselves in the mirror as they want to be seen.\u201d\nStatements like these pepper the novel and are easily applied to a reader\u2019s personal experience, which makes them all the more entertaining, relevant, and insightful.\nAt times it can be difficult to follow the various characters because of the closeness of their names and the depth with which Hahn delves into the past and present circumstances that have shaped each one. But the author is a masterful storyteller and her tale, given its movement between those living and those dead, is unique and intriguing.\nDisclosure: This article is not an endorsement, but a review. The author provided free copies of his/her book to have his/her book reviewed by a professional reviewer. No fee was paid by the author for this review. Foreword Reviews only recommends books that we love and make no guarantee that the author will receive a positive review. Foreword Magazine, Inc. is disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission\u2019s 16 CFR, Part 255.", "How to Handle a Debt Default. You Know. Just in Case.\nOn the ninth day of Shutdown I started to freak out.\nShould I sell my stocks? What do I buy? I pictured my portfolio trashed, me without a job, my 60-something parents' retirement delayed, the economy in chaos. The misery of 2008 and 2009, only worse.\nThis wasn't like me. I'm an experienced personal finance reporter in my 30s who has absorbed, and given, many a lecture on staying calm in the face of fear. Now, at least in the investment world, I couldn't seem to find anybody as agitated as I was, and that was agitating me. The stock market sits complacently near an all-time high. Where were my angsters-in-arms? I even got a pitch from a public relations firm letting me know of a financial adviser who could comment on \"how to handle a government default.\"\nHow to handle a government default?\nWhile my head was filling with apocalyptic visions, Wall Street and Washington seemed to expect a last-minute deal. My worry was that the last minute would be too late, crushing our reputation as a haven, already shaken in 2011's near-default. The U.S. Treasury might be able to avoid default without Congress's approval, but not without sparking a deep recession.\nIn 2007 and 2008, I interviewed more than a happy few economists and strategists who kept saying it was going to be fine. Just before I took a long and poorly timed vacation in September of 2008, I wrote a blog post quoting three distinguished experts who thought stocks had hit bottom. \"When people make predictions about this stock market,\" I wrote, \"I don't know whether to congratulate them for their boldness or question their sanity.\"\nNow I know.\nThat crisis actually benefited me, in a way. I held on to my job and diligently saved more in my 401(k) plan. Today I feel flush after the S&P 500's 150 percent rise since the market bottom in March 2009.\nAnd that means I have more to lose.\nI IM'd my friend Mark, a finance nerd.\nMe: Hey curious what you think: are you worried about default?\nMe: cause I'm terrified\nMark: I just wish I had more cash on hand to invest in case it does.\nThis was reassuring, kind of. Maybe there would be an upside to any chaos.\nMark: The U.S. will lose its dominance with or without a default.\nMark: Gold & bitcoins are probably the only other assets to compete [with Treasuries]\nShould I have more cash around to take advantage of market panic? Was the financial system so precarious that Bitcoins, the investment du jour of drug smugglers and money launderers, could make a comeback? Should I be building a bunker in my basement and stocking it with the vegetarian equivalent of Spam? Is there a vegetarian equivalent of Spam? Throw in a few gold bars? Actually pay attention to libertarians?\nI would call Milo. That's what I would do. I would call Milo.\nIn previous crises, when I needed a quote from a voice of reason, I often reached out to Milo Benningfield of Benningfield Financial Advisors in San Francisco. Now, on the phone, he sounded relaxed.\nHe admitted to feeling a bit of gut-tightening after reading the same articles that I had. \"It was kind of like watching a trailer for a summer blockbuster,\" conjuring up economic horrors like worldwide depression in place of exploding cities and Zombie apocalypse, he said. But he wasn\u2019t freaking out. Like most blockbuster movies,", "via press release:\nMECHANICAL HANDS AND PELVISES ON SCIENCE CHANNEL\u2019S ODDITIES: SAN FRANCISCO THIS WEEKEND!\n-- Two all new episodes of the spin off series ODDITIES: SAN FRANCISCO airing Saturday at 9PM ET/PT --\nThe eccentric antique shop, Loved to Death opens its doors to Science Channel for a second season of ODDITIES: SAN FRANCISCO. The store\u2019s colorful owner Audra, and her employee Wednesday, are joined by newcomer Lincoln to take on the eclectic customers and bizarre antiques that enter the Haight Street haven. From germaphobes to ancient artifacts, the ten brand new episodes of ODDITIES: SAN FRANCISCO showcase the weird and wacky world of antiques.\nThis week, the cast of ODDITIES: SAN FRANCISCO is on a quest for some rare and unique objects. In Take This Job and Skunk It! Audra decides what to do with A deceased skunk, Wednesday works on selling a mechanical hand and Lincoln meets an expert who has pierced everything imaginable! Later in One Bot, Two Bot, the ladies meet twins searching for a robot to join their daily duo. After, Lincoln is probed with finding something to commemorate a customer\u2019s anniversary but wants to do so with an unusual body part? Tune in for more this", "What themes are explored in the record discussed by the author at the end of the text", "The chief executive of the first private company to take charge of an NHS district general hospital, in Cambridgeshire, has said he would like to see the model extended across the health service in England.\nSix months after Circle took over the struggling Hinchingbrooke Hospital Trust in Huntingdon, it has become \"one of the best in the country\" for quality and is on course to balance its books financially next year, said Ali Parsa. But health union Unison warned that the company's arrival has led to a cut in cleaning and increased job insecurity for staff, which could be detrimental to patient care.\nCircle needs a surplus of \u00a370 million over the next 10 years to make a profit at Hinchingbrooke, but Mr Parsa said this would only happen after the hospital's projected losses of \u00a3230 million are eliminated.\nThe Circle model, under which the company is \"co-owned\" by its workers and clinicians are given decision-making powers within the hospital, should \"absolutely\" be extended more widely across the NHS, he said. Asked if Circle would like to run more NHS hospitals, he replied: \"We would love it.\"\nMr Parsa told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: \"We believe our partners - doctors, nurses, healthcare professionals - should run their own hospitals. Look at Germany, where private companies run more hospitals than government does and satis", "What is the ongoing struggle faced by Drothe in the story besides his rising position in the underworld", "How to start an online marketing business today is mainly depending on your niche, and the skill you develop. Almost all small offline businesses intend to get their businesses on the internet with the intention of attracting more targeted customer through using well-defined internet marketing strategies, website development, and personal branding approaches. A lot of people are confused or rather do not know about internet marketing. In this article am going to shed some light on its meaning as well as usage.\nThere are many things involve in starting an online marketing.\nTo start an online business, you will need\u2026\n- To research your market to find out if it\u2019s profitable.\n- A willingness to succeed. Any business, online or offline takes time and effort.\n- A plan of action.\n- The right tools.\n- A budget.\n- Your website (domain name, i.e. yoursitename.com).\n- A hosting account, this is where you store the files for your website.\n- A marketing strategy.\nFirstly, you need to pick a product you want to sell on", "Which musician did Guido Segers speak with about the Foscon Festival in 2021", "What notable features can be found in the formal dining room described in the text", "One of Canberra Quilters members, Fiona Hammond, is part of this exhibition, coming up at the Tuggeranong Arts Centre.\nMember Dianne Firth is part of an exhibition opening this Friday-\nMember Dianne Firth is having a solo exhibition at the Belconnen Arts Centre.\n\u2018Poetry and Place\u2019 by Dianne Firth opens at Belconnen Arts Centre on Friday 25 August at 5.30 and runs until Sunday 17 September. Dianne has created artworks from poems especially written by poets visiting Canberra last year for the \u2018Poetry on the Move\u2019 festival. They were asked to write about their experience of landscape and nature in Canberra for Dianne to interpret.\nCongratulations to member Dianne Firth, who has been recognised in the Queen\u2019s Birthday honour list with an Order of Australia Medal (OAM) in the General Division. The award recognises Dianne\u2019s service to landscape architecture and to education.\nSee the Canberra Times article.\nCongratulations to Kristina Butron, who was announced as the Shining Light Award recipient at the Australasian Quilt Convention Gala Dinner on 22 April 2017. Kristina is one of our Junior Members and has previously won the Bernina Junior Quiltmaker award at the Members\u2019 Exhibition.\nThe Shining Light Award is a national award made annually to recognise achievement by a junior quiltmaker.\nBelow is Kristina\u2019s quilt from the 2016 Members\u2019 Exhibition\nThe March issue of Connecting Threads, the Canberra Quilters newsletter, is available to members now.\nThe download link for those receiving the newsletter electronically was sent yesterday and the printed version is in the post.\nCongratulations go to member Helen Godden who together with Jonathan S Evans created the quilt Faces of India. This quilt has been awarded first place in the Art-Painted Surface category at the World of Beauty exhibition, part of the In", "What is the RSVP deadline for the VIP Kick-off Party of the Netherlands and Belgian American Chamber of Commerce", "What are the initial steps required to start an online marketing business", "p my street). I\u2019ll be getting to this hopefully very soon, after I get my review of Speed of Dark ready. The First Stone is the first in a trilogy, so hopefully I\u2019ll like this one and have more to read! The rest of the series includes The Fall (a prequel short story), The Rapture and The Children\u2019s Crusade. I just bought the prequel, so I\u2019ll slot that in before starting this.\nIt\u2019s been three months since Drothe killed a legend, burned down a portion of the imperial capital, and unexpectedly elevated himself into the ranks of the criminal elite. Now, as the newest Gray Prince in the underworld, he\u2019s learning just how good he used to have it.\nWith barely the beginnings of an organization to his name, Drothe is already being called out by other Gray Princes. And to make matters worse, when one dies, all signs point to Drothe as wielding the knife. As members of the Kin begin choosing sides \u2013 mostly against him \u2013 for what looks to be another impending war, Drothe is approached by a man who not only has the solution to Drothe\u2019s most pressing problem, but an offer of redemption. The only problem is the offer isn\u2019t for him.\nNow Drothe finds himself on the way to the Despotate of Djan, the empire\u2019s long-standing enemy, with an offer to make and a price on his head. And the grains of sand in the hour glass are running out, fast...\nLoved the first book, very glad this one has finally arrived!\nAlso on CR: Interview with Doug Hulick\nOn the eve of a recurring catastrophic event known to extinguish nations and reshape continents, a troubled orphan evades death and slavery to uncover her own bloody past\u2026 while a world goes to war with itself.\nIn the frozen kingdom of Saiduan, invaders from another realm are decimating whole cities, leaving behind nothing but ash and ruin.\nAs the dark star of the cataclysm rises, an illegitimate ruler is tasked with holding together a country fractured by civil war, a precocious young fighter is asked to betray his family and a half-Dhai general must choose between the eradication of her father\u2019s people or loyalty to her alien Empress.\nThrough tense alliances and devastating betrayal, the Dhai and their allies attempt to hold against a seemingly unstoppable force as enemy nations prepare for a coming together of worlds as old as the universe itself.\nIn the end, one world will rise \u2013 and many will perish.\nI\u2019ve mentioned this before on the blog. Will get to it pretty soon.\nAlso on CR: Guest Post by Kameron Hurley\nI\u2019ve mentioned this novel a few times on the blog, recently. It sounds really interesting. The publicity material makes a big deal out of the fact that the novel is inspired by Alfred Noyes\u2019s The Highwayman. Before reading the synopsis for this novel, I had never heard of that story, so I\u2019m not sure I\u2019ll be able to comment on that aspect, when I get around to reviewing this. I recently sent interview questions to Kendra, so expect that to go up mid-June. [Full disclosure: Kendra and I are friends from undergrad.]\nIn a steel-and-lead encased bunker a Special Forces soldier wait on his final orders.\nOn the surface a bacterium has turned 90% of the population into hyper-aggressive predators.\nNow Captain Lee Harden must leave the bunker and venture into the wasteland to rekindle a shattered America.\nI do like post-apocalyptic novels. This was a self-published success before Orbit picked up the series. Hopeful it\u2019ll be entertaining, and better than the Ex-Heroes series, which was another move-to-big-publisher zombie series that I\u2026 did not like much. This printed edition also includes the novella, \u201cAn Empty Soul\u201d (not, as the back cover copy suggests, \u201cFaith\u201d).\nThe judges on the panel of the Elysian Prize for Literature must get through hundreds of submissions to find the best book of the year. Meanwhile, a host of writers are desperate for Elysian attention: the brilliant writer and serial heartbreaker Katherine Burns; the lovelorn debut novelist Sam Black; and Bunjee, convinced that his magnum opus,The Mulberry Elephant, will take the literary world by storm. Things go terribly wrong when Katherine\u2019s publisher accidentally submits a cookery book in place of her novel; one of the judges finds himself in the middle of a scandal; and Bunjee, aghast to learn his book isn\u2019t on the short list, seeks revenge.\nLost for Words is a witty, fabulously entertaining satire that cuts to the quick of some of the deepest questions about the place of art in our celebrity-obsessed culture, and asks how we can ever hope to recognize real talent when everyone has an agenda.\nI\u2019m almost finished, actually. It\u2019s pretty good, too. Imagine everything you don\u2019t like about publishing, literary society, and the most annoying denizens that inhabit it. Then make fun of them in a clever, wry manner. Short review coming soon (it doesn\u2019t need a long one).\nLiesel Schwartz, A Clockwork Heart & Sky Pirates (Del Rey UK)\nFOR BETTER OR CURSE. That might as well have been the wedding vow of Elle Chance and her new husband, the ex-Warlock Hugh Marsh in the second book of this edgy new series that transforms elements of urban fantasy, historical adventure, and paranormal romance into storytelling magic.\nAs Elle devotes herself to her duties as the Oracle \u2013 who alone has the power to keep the dark designs of Shadow at bay \u2013 Marsh finds himself missing the excitement of his former life as a Warlock. So when Commissioner Willoughby of the London Metropolitan police seeks his help in solving a magical mystery, Marsh is only too happy to oblige. But in doing so, Marsh loses his heart\u2026 literally.\nIn place of the flesh-and-blood organ is a clockwork device \u2013 a device that makes Marsh a kind of zombie. Nor is he the only one. A plague of clockwork zombies is afflicting London, sowing panic and whispers of revolution. Now Elle must join forces with her husband\u2019s old friend, the Nightwalker Loisa Beladodia, to track down Marsh\u2019s heart and restore it to his chest before time runs out.\nI met Liesel Schwartz at a signing for her debut novel (the first in this series). Sadly, I haven\u2019t got around to reading that novel, yet\u2026 Sigh. So many books, so very little time to get through them all\u2026\nAlso on CR: Interview with Liesel Schwarz\n\u201cI don\u2019t like killing, but I\u2019m good at it. Murder isn\u2019t so bad from a distance, just shapes in my scope. Close up work though, the garrotte around the neck, the knife in the heart, it\u2019s not for me. Too much empathy, that\u2019s my problem. Usually. But not today. Today is different\u2026\u201d\nThe year is 1955 and something is very wrong with the world: Churchill is dead and WW2 didn't happen. Europe is in thrall to a nuclear-armed Nazi Germany. Only Britain and its Empire holds out, bound by an uneasy truce and all the while German scientists are experimenting with terrifying forces beyond their understanding - forces that are driving them to the brink of insanity and beyond.\nBerlin is a hotbed of suspicion and betrayal \u2013 a lone British assassin is fighting a private war with the Nazis; the Gestapo are on the trail of a beautiful young resistance fighter and the head of the SS plots to dispose of an increasingly decrepit Adolf Hitler and become Fuhrer. While in London, a sinister and treacherous cabal will stop at nothing to conceal the conspiracy of the century.\nFour desperate scenarios that are destined to collide with catastrophic effect. And it all hinges on a single kill in the morning\u2026\nNever heard of this before it arrived in the mail. Sounds kind of interesting, too.\nAssassin. Soldier. Arrow. That is who Vasic is, who he will always be. His soul drenched in blood, his conscience heavy with the weight of all he's done, he exists in the shadows, far from the hope his people can almost touch \u2013 if only they do not first drown in the murderous insanity of a lethal contagion. To stop the wave of death, Vasic must complete the simplest and most difficult mission of his life.\nFor if the Psy race is to survive, the empaths must wake\u2026\nHaving rebuilt her life after medical \u201ct", "What was the main feature of T-Mobile's promotion regarding smartphone pricing", "e officials investigating the melted ANA Dreamliner battery have concluded that there were no problems inside the battery due to its manufacturing.\nAl Jazeera notes that Shigeru Takano, director of the Civil Aviation Bureau\u2019s air transport safety unit, stated:\n\u201cThere were several reports on quality control issues, but there was nothing that would have caused an immediate problem inside the battery.\u201d\nUS aviation safety regulators also stated on Sunday that their initial investigation uncovered \u201cno obvious anomalies\u201d in the battery from the United fire.\nThe Boeing 787 Dreamliner is the first aircraft to use the lithium-ion battery for back-up and auxiliary power. Airbus, who previously warned against using the type of battery, plans to use it in its upcoming A350 jet.\nThe Dreamliner\u2019s battery problem has kept Boeing\u2019s newest aircraft grounded around the world", "T-Mobile\u2019s kinda, sorta, maybe \u201csale\u201d offering $0 down on just about every smartphone in store is coming to close tomorrow. The special offer or \u201cunparalled promotion\u201d as the carrier labeled it allowed both new and existing well-qualified customers to get the latest 4G LTE smartphones, tablets, mobile hotspots and feature phones at the upfront price of $0 down with monthly service payments.\nUnfortunately, the promotion itself was more of a teaser offering no initial down payment but a higher equipment installment price down the road. For example, prior to the sale the HTC One was selling for $99 down and 24 monthly payments of $20 each. During the $0 down sale, the HTC One had no upfront cost, but 24 monthly payments of $25 each. T-Mobile would remove the iPhone 5 from the sale back on August 9th, however before the promotion the iPhone 5 sold for $145.99 down with 24 monthly payments of $21. With T-Mobile\u2019s \u201cunparalleled promotion,\u201d the iPhone 5 was ze", "Seriously, where is ABC finding these losers? After it was revealed that The Bachelorette contestant Garret Yrigoyen was liking incredibly inappropriate social media memes, and subsequently released an apology, this week, news broke that Lincoln Adim was convicted of indecent assault and battery in May, due to an incident that occurred in 2016 in Boston.\nAccording the The Hollywood Reporter, Adim was \u201cconvicted of indecent assault and battery for groping and assaulting an adult female on a harbor cruise ship, according to a statement from the Suffolk County District Attorney\u2019s office.\u201d He has been sentenced to one year in a house of correction.\nWarner Bros., the studio which produces the hit ABC show, released a statement last night:\n\u201cNo one on The Bachelorette production had any knowledge about the inc", "What paradoxes of life does the author discuss in relation to modern communication and relationships", "What notable features or attractions can visitors find in Little Rock, Arkansas", "What is the title of Dilly Dally's first full-length album and when was it released", "Sparkling straight grain wood floors, a gracious chandelier, and an artisan created sweeping staircase help welcome your guests in the front foyer. The magnificent living room is visible to the left.\nLooking up from the entry foyer to the second floor landing with its gleaming hardwood and glowing chandelier.\nSoaring ceilings provide ample space for the antique Italianate fireplace surround gracing the spacious living room. To the left is the downstairs bath and another sitting area.\nGreat kitchen with beautiful tiled counters, glass front cabinets, lots of light (and lights!) professional 4 oven AGA stove, a work island, a computer/telephone desk and a large walk-in pantry.\nBreakfast room off kitchen with wonderful red ceramic covered wood stove, artisan tile surround, informal breakfast area and direct access to laundry area as well as a door leading to a large wooden deck for parties and outdoor cooking.\nFour bay windows provide extra room and lig", "What limitations does Rytr have with regard to character counts and accuracy when generating new content", "What types of produce do farmers sell in the Uva district on market days", "and sweat and getting the old heart pumping. Then slowly she leads us into to some balances.\nFirst it was crow, or crane pose.\nI often have a hard time with this, but particularly when your knees are supposed to be up almost into your armpits. For whatever reason, it is difficult. But doing so with my knees back a little, balanced on the backs of my upper arms like in the picture above, it is easier. I focus. Lift my last foot up a couple times. Maybe lifting my last toe off the ground for a second or two. Then focus one more time \u2026. and I must have held the pose, balanced, for about 30 seconds. Longer than ever before. How did that happen?\nOn to more seated poses, working towards another opportunity for a balance.\nLaughable this one. Me, lifting my entire weight from a seated position and balancing. Not going to happen. Never has. But, what the heck\u2026\u2026. I\u2019m up! Now, the other side. Again, I\u2019m up! I am up off the ground!\nAnother lesson. Like I haven\u2019t been presented with this one a few times over.\nWhen I give it up. When I surrender. When it doesn\u2019t matter whether I can\u2026. or cannot, it just comes. Not without work or focus or determination. But it seems like when I\u2019m not searching for or expecting a particular outcome, it just happens.\nAnd not that achieving either of these is a big deal after. Tomorrow they may not happen again. Does it even matter? Only so much that I recognize that it isn\u2019t important to achieve either, but that I\u2019m willing to work and willing to be with whatever happens.\nIn yoga class. In life.\n(and finally, I\u2019m very behind \u2026. in publishing this post)", "What type of event planning services does the company offer based out of New York City", "What realization does the author come to about success in yoga poses and life", "What is the altitude of Bandarawela compared to Nuwara Eliya, and how is its climate described in relation to Nuwara Eliya", "What were some of the feelings and reflections of the narrator as they prepared to leave their village after two years in the Peace Corps", "What themes does the movie The Way explore according to the text", "Boeing\u2019s 787 Dreamliner batteries have a bad history, but regulators aren\u2019t sure they are to blame for the latest problems with the airline company\u2019s latest jet.\nJapan\u2019s two largest airlines replaced the lithium-ion batteries in their 787s multiple times in the months before two batteries caught fire in flight. One battery was aboard an All Nippon Airways (ANA) jet, while the other was aboard a United Airlines jet.\nReuters reports that both ANA and Japan Airlines released comments that point toward battery reliability issues long before the fires. ANA changed 10 batteries on its Dreamliners last year.\nThey were not required to inform accident investigators in the US, however, because the incidents didn\u2019t compromise the plane\u2019s safety. JAL spokeswoman Sze Hunn Yap also stated that the company replaced batteries on \u201ca few occasions.\u201d\nThe news comes as Japanes", "What are the main topics and activities that are featured in the new episodes of ODDITIES: SAN FRANCISCO", "it\u2019s going to shows religiously, and meeting people that has allowed us to cultivate our sound.\u201d\nThough they\u2019ve aged beyond adolescence, their approach to music is still full of an energy and curiosity you can find in any basement teenage jam session. However, their precision and attitude speaks volumes, pummeling your eardrums. Fitting then, that they\u2019ve released their first full-length album, Sore, on October 9th via Partisan Records. The 11-song powerhouse of gritty punk rock and wall-of-sound rock \u2018n\u2019 roll was produced in a frantic, yet fun 11 days. Ball and Monks are joined on the recording by Jimmy Tony (bass) and Benjamin Reinhartz (drums), giving Dilly Dally a full sound fraught with desire and desperation. Sore projects feminist ideals and healthy rage, wrapped in a twisted, black bubblegum package.\n\u201cWhat affects me about the album is all of the work that everyone else did, you know? Writing up the thank-you\n\u201cA record at the end of the day, a band at the end of the day is just a huge collaboration with a bunch of people. You need to have friends and you need to have people that believe in you.\u201d\nMonks is excited for what\u2019s coming next for the burgeoning project.\n\u201cWe don\u2019t want to repeat history. What we\u2019re trying to do is carve out our own place for Dilly Dally,\u201d she says, cognizant of the Pixies comparisons.\n\u201cWe\u2019re big fans of a lot of shit, and there\u2019s nods and references throughout the record but when people hear the it they\u2019ll find references but they\u2019ll also find pieces of who we are and what we want to bring to music.\u201d\nDilly Dally will be playing The Good Will in Winnipeg on October 23 and Broken City in Calgary on October 25.AB, Alberta, Broken City, Dilly Dally, Manitoba, MB, The Good Will", "What are the main components involved in estate planning in Keene", "awarded \u201cBest Participant Award\u201d for his outstanding performance. He also participated in WCO workshop at China on Strategic Trade Control Enforcement in Customs.\nAs a member of Indian delegation, participated in finalization of Indo \u2013 Sri Lankan Free Trade Agreement at Colombo.\nBeing Team leader, Mr. Srinivas gave training to Customs officers of various countries at Male & New Delhi. He was awarded \u201cPresidential Certificate of Distinguished Service\u201d in 2006 for his achievements, according to a press release", "What are some of the current offers and discounts available for Apple products", "What historical crisis does the author reference as a comparison to their current anxiety about a potential debt default", "What is the main objective of Monkey D. Luffy and his pirate crew in the series One Piece", "Control the stone frog of the ancient Egypt and fire colored balls to make groups of three or more. Make sure the balls do not reach the end of the path, because then it's all over!\nJust some of the key features:\n- The game o", "r Toyota 4-wheel drive called the Chao Yung Highlander.\n\"Without these Chinese cars we wouldn't have won this war in Misrata,\" said Abu Zeid. He caressed the side of the truck.\nOnce fitted with a weapon, the truck is painted black _ the words \"Feb 17 Revolution\" spray- painted in white. The tricolor rebel flag emblazons the side of the vehicle.\nIn another workshop, the wooden butts of AK-47 automatic rifles are repaired and replaced.\nAcross the workshops, there are mechanics, engineers, and welders who've been tested as they turn their civilian knowledge into weapons and ammunition design and the trajectory of rockets.\nHomemade, rust-brown steel rockets lean in a pile against a wall. Near them are rockets captured from Gadhafi troops.\n\"We had no time to learn, we had to just become creative,\" said Ali Ibrahim, who used to drive trucks and now builds rockets.\nHe said that at the beginning, rebels weapons makers were just working from intuition. Now they can copy and take ideas from the old Soviet and former East Bloc weapons taken from Gadhafi soldiers.\nBut many of the men at this workshop have nothing to do with mechanics or engineering at all.\nBefore the war started, Mohammed al-Ahmar ran a women's clothing store called 'The Princesses' Palace' off Tripoli Street. Some of the fiercest battles between Libyan rebels and Gadhafi's army rattled along that street for days.\n\"Gadhafi's troops destroyed my shop and I lost 12 friends in the fighting,\" he said. \"How could I just repair and open my shop again and go back to business?\" he asked.\nAl-Ahmar, 38, said he wanted to honor the memory of his dead friends. So he showed up one day at the college where he heard mechanics and engineers were maintaining weapons.\nToday, wearing a gray mechanic's uniform, he balanced a cigarette between his lips as bored a hole into a slab of metal. It's destined to be part of a machine gun.\n\"The guys here are easy on me. They know my skills are limited in this kind of work, so they teach me something new everyday. I do small things like weld and cut metal,\" he said. \"I am definitely going back to the clothing business as soon as Gadhafi falls.\"", "ffers multiple levels to play;\n- Colorful marbles (using state of the art Unity 3d rendering techniques);\n- Easy touch / tap controls;\n- Relaxing and entertaining sound tracks;\n- Never a payment requested (full free game); an", "\"Estate planning\" in Keene refers to the decisions a person makes regarding what is to be done with their assets after their death, and the process of implementing those wishes.\nYou will often need to seek the help of a professional with legal and/or financial expertise when in the process of estate planning. Simple mistakes in an estate plan can cause serious problems, including legal and personal conflicts between your survivors.\nEstate planning can have many positive effects on the planner during life, as well. These benefits are normally somewhat intangible, revolving around the peace of mind that comes with knowing that, after your death, you family will be taken care of and that they'll know what your last wishes are. Nonetheless, most people find this very valuable. To that end, you should come up with a power-of-attorney agreement. When you grant someone power of attorney, you have given them the power to make particular decisions on your behalf. You can grant them as much or as little authority as you want. Most people, however, give family members or life partners power of attorney with respect to medical care, so if they become incapacitated, their wishes will still be carried out.\nIf you want to maximize the odds that your wishes will be followed after your death, you should do everything you can to make them legally binding. While this is not always possible, a Keene attorney will be able to make sure that, where it is possible, it is done.\nCommon Features of Keene Estates\nWill: This is normally a major component in any estate plan. A will is a document in which a person lays out what they want done with their property after their death. These gifts normally have the effect of transferring legal ownership of the property to the named beneficiary.\nLiving Will: Unlike ordinary wills, a living will contains instructions concerning a person's medical care. Some recent high-profile controversies have illustrated the importance of making a living will, even for yo", "What is being announced regarding the proposed new facilities in Bacchus Marsh", "What are some surprising experiences the author had upon returning to America after serving in Morocco", "Reverse-culture shock hasn\u2019t been as jarring as how a few RPCVs made it sound. Then again, I didn\u2019t expect to feel overwhelmed during my first time back in an American supermarket \u2013 that\u2019s a common anecdote shared by RPCVs about their initial moments at home.\nFor me, it\u2019s been the little things that took me by surprise:\n- Instant \u2013 and hot! \u2013 water on demand. During my first night home, I turned on the hot water with the expectation that there\u2019d be a delay in water coming out from there. Nope! Not only did the water fall out of the faucet the moment I turned it on, but it was also HOT! Yes, HOT! I am getting excited about instant hot water. In Imi nTlit, tap water wasn\u2019t always readily available in my house. If I wanted hot water, I had to boil it. Now? I just turn a knob.\n- Eating with my left hand is socially acceptable. Before Morocco, I used utensils with my right hand but snacked with my left (e.g., chips and cookies). In Morocco, I got used to only eating with my right hand in public (though, towards the end of my service, I did \u201crebel\u201d and snack with my left hand \u2013 scandalous, I know). Now, I\u2019m sort of back to snacking with my left. The only difference? I feel like people are watching me use my left hand to eat. I know that\u2019s not the case\u2026but I haven\u2019t been able to shake that feeling off.\n- Wearing a scarf\u2026feels like a security blanket. In rural Morocco, a females hide the shape of their body. In America, it\u2019s perfectly acceptable to wear fitted clothing. Then again\u2026this last bit could be a weather thing. It could also be a style thing. It could also be me dressing for the occasion and a scarf so happens to work with making an outfit just that more versatile.\nLife in America\u2026oh, and did I mention I got a smart phone? Progress, I know.\nMary said to her husband Gerry, \u201cThat girl ahead looks beautiful\u2026she could be Diana.\u201d A second later, Mary realizes, \u201cHey \u2013 that girl IS Diana!\u201d\nMary, another PCV and sometimes mother-figure of our Essa province.\nbslama, Imi nTlit. congee imzeen g Essaouira. minibad s Rabat d Casablanca. Inshallah.\n(translation: Goodbye, Imi nTlit. Small vacation in Essaouira. Later to Rabat and Casablanca. God willing.)\nI spent my last day hanging out with my most cherished ladies (and a handful of fellas in the process):\n- Lunch #1 with my host family: Fadma, Fatima, Khadija, Mina, Rkiya, Hayat, Hussain, the still untitled older woman who is generally in a sour mood but always sweet with me (and later Aicha at Tamounte). Fadma\u2019s pregnant belly is getting bigger. I surprised them with a photo album filled with pictures I took of/with the family. In return, the girls gifted me a bottle of amlou.\n- Lunch #2 with Fabulous Fatima and her daughter. I learned from Fatima that she and Aicha Hussain (my host grandmother) are no longer on speaking terms. (Whaa?? They were such good friends when I was living with the host family!) Besides that piece of news, I learned more about Fatima\u2019s family.\n- Tea with Spicy Aicha. I haven\u2019t seen her in such a long time! I know, it\u2019s largely my fault. I\u2019m so happy I saw her today. I had just left Fabulous Fatima\u2019s and was heading to my house when, having walked past the path up to her house, I turned around and made myself go to her house. Honestly, I am SO happy I did! I would\u2019ve been really bummed if I hadn\u2019t. I learned that her husband passed away about a month and a half ago. Her youngest granddaughter is so big now. Spicy Aicha\u2026you have such a spirit about you. Aicha was dressed in white colors, indicative of a wife in mourning. Her husband had been ill for a long time. Since Aicha was still in the 4-month mourning period, I wasn\u2019t able to get a picture with her. Instead, I took pictures with her granddaughters.\n- The women of Tamounte Cooperative \u2013 all the ladies (there are too many to list, so many that I don\u2019t even know their names by heart!), girls (i.e., Latifa and Khadija), and, of course, Taarabt and Rachida. I spent some time chatting with Aicha, my host grandmother, helping the women sort argan, and a bit more time chatting with the girls, Taarabt and Rachida. I learned that there are new products \u2013 soap made with local herbs and natural scents! I also learned that the cooperative has a website up \u2013 that I want to check out! When I left, Rachida and Taarabt gifted m", "What are the potential consequences of Circle taking over Hinchingbrooke Hospital, according to the health union Unison", "American Chamber of Commerce in a private Yacht that is participating in the ongoing Miami Boat Show.\nEnjoy complimentary hors d\u2019oeuvres, chocolates, wine, beer and cocktails from our great sponsors.Be sure to tell them Soul Of Miami sent you!\nClick here to sign up for the Soul Of Miami email list.", "The Rudd Labor Government today announced $7 million towards the Bacchus Marsh Indoor Aquatic Centre, building on its record of support for strong, prosperous regional and local communities.\nThe Minister for Regional Australia and Member for Ballarat, Catherine King, said this project would deliver great benefits to the community, and help build a stronger future.\n\u201cFederal Labor is serious about investing in regional and local communities and helping them to meet future challenges and opportunities,\u201d Ms King said.\nMs King said funding for the Bacchus Marsh Indoor Aquatic Centre is a well-deserved win for the community and will provide for a new 25 metre 8 lane pool, a learn-to-swim pool, entry and kiosk, administration facilities and change rooms.\n\u201cFamilies across Bacchus Marsh will benefit enormously from this new indoor pool, particularly through expanded recreational options which will deliver improved health and lifestyle outcomes for all in the community.\n\u201cToday\u2019s announcement comes after years of extensive consultation throughout the community about the importance of the indoor pool", "What is the maximum amount of savings offered by the Apple promo codes mentioned in the text", "regions. If time variability is assumed I found that, due to clumpiness, it is not possible to change the spectrum of AGN galaxy from absorbed to unabsorbed, but clumps could be responsible for more mild variations in the spectra. If the X-ray and optical spectra are not simultaneously observed there exists some level of disagreement on the degree of obscuration. iii\nRamic, Kemal, \"Monte Carlo Simulations of the Clumpy Torus in Active Galactic Nuclei\" (2012). Senior Independent Study Theses. Paper 939.\nBachelor of Arts\nSenior Independent Study Thesis\n\u00a9 Copyright 2012 Kemal Ramic", "What consequence does an arms ban have in understanding the political problems of the Middle East, according to The Times", "What mindset does the author adopt towards their yoga practice during the class on Saturday", "What was Lincoln Adim convicted of, and what was the incident related to", "What motivated Mohammed al-Ahmar to change his profession from running a women's clothing store to working in a weapons workshop", "Little Rock is without a doubt one of the best places to live and visit in America. For those visiting, there are many things to see and do during the day and at night. For those willing to live here, housing is in plenty because real estate is a booming business. There are many learning institutions and other social amenities such as parks. Additionally, the median income is relatively high; hence this city boasts of low crime rates.\nBut before you come to this dazzling city, you need to know a few things about it. They include;\nIts home to the largest cycling bridge in America\nIn case you love cycling, there is no better place to engage in this activity than in Little Rock, AR.\nThe Big Dam Bridge, which measures about 4,226 feet long is the longest cycling and pedestrian bridge in the United States. Cycle or walk on this bridge as you get a bird\u2019s eye view of the city below.\nThis bridge is one of the attractions you should look for when you visit this city.\nThe city has the most beautiful school\nCentral High School was voted the most beautiful school in the United States by the American Institute of Architects.\nThis school has an amazing", "It has been observed that approximately 10% to 30% of AGNs show no X-ray absorption, whereas the optical spectrum suggests signi cant obscuration. One possible explanation is that the obscuring medium consists of dense clumps. In the model, using Monte Carlo simulations, I conduct a study to check whether the clumpiness of the torus is a possible reason for the mismatch in optical and X-ray spectrums. For a variety of torus con gurations I have found that there is no mismatch in the number of the clumps intersected between the lines of sight originating in the X-ray and optical", "n glorified sex outside of marriage. In his latest book, Christopher West explains the Catholic response to this disjoint.\nA recently released movie, The Way, by Emilio Estevez and Martin Sheen explore the growth of a man as he struggles with issues in his life and the need for belonging.\nDo you live your life or does your life live you? Caught up in a comfortable existence, a doctor becomes estranged from a son he cannot understand. Tragedy forces the doctor to reflect on life. He begins to draw closer to God and slowly reconnects with those around him.\nIf you are in the mood for some Christian suspense....check out the upcoming April release of DiAnn Mills new book, The Chase......\nI'm still interested in comments and suggestions for book club. What interests you? Drop by the forum and share your thoughts.\nAs always, blessings for the week ahead!\nLyn Sedmina, Christian Literature Editor\nOne of hundreds of sites at BellaOnline.co", "What military honors did David Lewis Akers receive during his service in the Vietnam War", "Saturday at 9PM ET/PT on Science Channel!\nTake This Job and Skunk It! At Loved to Death, a biker comes in with a deceased skunk that he wants articulated, and it\u2019s up to Audra to find someone to do it at the right price. When she goes to her friend he agrees to give her a discount, but only if she agrees to help! Meanwhile, Wednesday shows off a prototype mechanical hand to a customer who had a bad time at Burning Man. Later, Lincoln meets a body modification expert who has pierced everything imaginable and he\u2019s got stories to prove it! But it is his ancient Peruvian skull that really has Lincoln freaking out.\nOne Bot, Two Bot: When identical twins stop by Loved To Death, Wednesday is asked to find a robot that the duo can use in their musical act. Her search takes her to a collector whose robots have names like Schizoid and Darwin. Meanwhile, Audra helps a customer looking to sell a quack hair growth device he found at a garage sale and she visits the Odd Fellows Lodge to view a hundred year old skeleton. Lincoln has his hands full of pelvis when Kegel Kate stops in the shop looking for something to commemorate the anniversary of her musical performance using an unusual body part.", "4, 2010.\nCorky was a very easy-going person who loved God, his friends and Coca-Cola! He loved to laugh and joke and could always lighten your mood with his kind smile and a sympathetic ear. He attended Salina schools and was formerly employed at Morrison Building Center and Gibson's Discount. He was preceded in death by his mother Rita. He is survived by his father Charles \"Chuck\" Hopkins, and a brother Paul Hopkins, both of Tennessee. Burial in Roselawn Memorial Park, Salina.\nPfc Robert M Hudson died while on duty at the Fort Devers, Mass, hospital where he was a surgical technician. Robert was born in Salina and lived there all of his life. He was a student at kansas State Teachers College of Emporia before entering the Army. He was a member of the First Baptist Church. Surviving are his mother and step-father Mr & Mrs Glenn Lorenson, Salina, 2 brothers, Charles F and Gary N, his father James of Griffen, Ga and grandparents Mr & Mrs Pew, salina and Mrs Florie Mask, Griffen, Ga and Mrs Niels Lorenson, Salina. Burial Roselawn Memorial Park, Salina.\nDebbie age 19, daughter of Mr & Mrs John Irwin died of injuries suffered in a head-on collision near New Cambria on old US40. Debbie had just completed her freshman year at Kansas State University. She and her date Jerry France, were returning to Salina after attending the fair in Abilene. A drunk driver crossed the center line and hit them hear-on. in addition to her parents she was survived by a sister Janice Irwin of the home and her grandparents JF Irwin sr and Mrs Ruby Foss, Beloit. Burial in Roselawn Memorial Park, Salina\nDebbie was one of my very best friends and my roommate at KSU our freshman year. We met in the 2nd grade and were brownies together as well. I remain close to her parents. She will never be forgotten to me.\nPaul Eugene Marfise died May 22, 1996 in Salina, Ks. He was born June 4, 1949 in Salina and lived most of his life in the area. He served eight years in the military. He worked in several machine shops and drove a truck for Salina Concrete Products and Hahn Truck Line, OK City. Survivors: wife Karen of the home, two sons, Shawn & Tyson, both of the home, a daughter Amy marfise of Kansas City, Ks, his parents Paul and Adeline Marfise of Salina, a brother Michael of Hope, two sisters Carolyn Metzgar of Smolan and Debra Marfise of Staten Island NY, his grandmother, Florence Nelson of Minneapolis and two grandchildren. Burial in Delphos Cemetery.\nLt. Craig Lee McFarlane, 25, US Navy jet pilot, Lemoore naval air station, Calif, was killed in a plane crash at Lemoore. He was a 1971 graduate of the Naval Academy, Annapolis, MD and received his wings in 1973. He was born Sept 28, 1949 in El Dorado, KS. Surviving are the widow, Nancy of Lemoore: his parents Mr & Mrs Richard McFarlane, Wichita, 2 sisters, Brenda and Cheryl, of his parents home, and his grandparents, Mr & Mrs Cecil Mayberry, West Plains, Mo. Burial in the Hesston Cemetery, Hesston, KS\nMy memory is sketchy about this but I'll tell you what I remember. Craig and I were friends at SHS and talked about our aspirations for careers in military aviation. Craig went to the Naval Academy out of high school and we did our best to stay in touch. I saw him twice during our post-SHS years. The first time was when we met under the north goalpost at Soldier Field in Chicago after the AF-Navy game in 1968 and we had a brief opportunity to catch up with each other. In 1970, I was a guest of Craig's at the USNA for a weekend, attended a formal ball with him that Saturday night and had the opportunity to meet his future bride-to-be. In '73 or '74 I was in Germany in the armed forces and was told that I had a message in the base communications center. I don't know how she tracked me down, but Craig's wife had sent me a communication through military channels informing me of Craig's unfortunate death. He died in an aircraft accident, a night instrument flight out of Lemoore Naval Air Station, CA, flying the A-4 Skyhawk. I know no other details and there was no contact information for his widow. Craig was a patriot, a fine person, and a good friend. I will always remember him fondly as I do other fallen warriors who have tragically lost their lives in defense of this great nation of ours.\nKay E Montgomery was born Kay Ellen Montgomery on Jan 24, 1949. She was a homemaker. she was preceded in death by her father, William Kenneth Montgomery and a brother Wayne Montgomery. Survivors include: her mother, Pearl Elenor Montgomery, Salina, a brother Richard Montgomery, OK City, a sister Susan Bailey of Germany, and many nieces and nephews. Inurnment in Roselawn Cemetery, Salina, KS\nDarrell Dane Montoy was born Oct 8, 1947 in Salina, KS. He died jan 31, 1970 in an automobile accident near Ft Hood, Texas where he was Sp-4c with the US Army. He had recently returned from a tour of duty in Viet Nam.\nFuneral held at Our Lady of Guadaupe Catholic Church, Salina. Survivors included: his parents, Mr & Mrs Ismael Montoy, brothers Ismael Jr and Vincent, five sisters, Bernadette Vargas, Sanjuana Montoy, Phyllis Montoy, Eloise Montoy, and Claudia Anaya, grandmother Celeste Vargas and grandfather Ralph Montoy. Burial Mount Calvary Cemetery.\nPaulette Faye Oliver, 63 of Overland Park, Ks, passed away Thursday April 18, 2013, at the University of Kansas Medical Center after her long battle with cancer. Paulette was diagnosed with chronic lymphoma leukemia in 2011 and was re-born in February 2013 after a bone marrow transplant. She was first born on Aug, 14, 1949 in Salina and moved to the Kansas City area in 1970.\nPatricia A. Ransom, 62, of Salina passed away, Tuesday at her home. She was born May 16, 1949 in Chattanooga, TN to Ezra Robinson and Laura L. (Davis) McDuffie. Patricia earned a bachelor's degree from Emporia State University in 1971. She then went on to earn her master's degree from Nebraska University. She worked as a school teacher and as a counselor for Social and Rehabilitative Services.\nSurvived by cousins Greg & Darryl Tiller of Salina and Reginald & Belinda Tiller, Cynthia Dupree, Pete Davis Jr, Dewayne Davis, John Davis, Wanda Brooks and Shirley Davis all of Chattanooga, TN.\nKenny was killed in an auto accident on W State St Rd. He was living in Brookville at the time of his death. He was survived by his wife, Denise, and son Ryan, his parents Mr & Mrs George Rassette, a brother Jerry of Salina and a sister Cindy Jackson, Euless, TX. Burial Gypsum Hill Cemetery, Salina.\nL. Fred Redmond Jr, 55, Salina, died Wednesday January 19,2005. He was a training supervisor for Exide Technologies and a sales clerk for Sears. Survivors: wife Debra S, Salina, two sons, Michael of Salina and Christopher of Tucson, AZ, a daughter Ellen Redmond, Salina and his parents Leslie F and Lorene Redmond of Billings, Montana, two brothers, Steve of Billiggs and Larry of Rapid City, SD and five grandchildren.\nRosemary Matheson Rice, 34, Aurora, Co, died Wednesday Mar 2, 1983 in Honolulu, HI. Rosemary and her husband were on a delayed honey-moon on the island of Maui when she was stricken with a cerebral hemmorrage. She never regained consciousness. The couple had married in August. Survivors: husband Jim, son Christopher Freeman, her mother Marilyn Matheson, Salina and father Noble Matheson, Hays, three sisters, Sandy Plummer, Salina, Denise Matheson, Tulsa, OK and Lisa Matheson, Salina. Burial in Littleton. CO.\nDavey L \"Dave \" Tucker, 63, of Salina, died Tuesday, Aug 6, 2013 after a short battle with cancer. He was born Oct. 29, 1949 in Salina, the son of Donald and Dolores (Davey) Tucker. Dave was a rural mail carrier for 31 years. He retired in 2010.\nA loving husbanc, father, grandfather and friend, Dave graduated from Salina High School and Fort Hays State University. He was an avid golfer, having two holes-in-one.\nSurvivors include his wife, Connie, daughter Terri (David) Novak, of Westfield, Ind, mother Dolores Tucker of Salina, two brothers, Doug (Marilyn) Tucker of", "What complimentary items will be available at the American Chamber of Commerce event during the Miami Boat Show", "This week, I was struck by the paradoxes of life. We carry smart phones so that we can download apps in order to see what is going on in our homes while we are away, yet we are too busy to talk to our spouses and children about what is going on in their lives. We carry cell phones so that we can stay connected to people, yet we are too busy to all sit down at a dinner table together and truly communicate. We crave a sense of community, but are too busy to foster relationships. In an effort to fill that void, we turn to illicit romances instead of honoring sensuality and celibacy. Ah....but this is a duality, you might claim. Is it?\nChristopher West, in his newest release, At the Heart of the Gospel, gives a detailed and authoritative teaching...the Catholic response to the duality of the body and soul.\nAt the Heart of the Gospel Review\nPuritanism and sexuality is often equated to prudishness. On the flip side, the sexual revolutio", "LONDON (Dec. 30)\nIsrael tried and failed to purchase arms from Finland, the Times of London reported here today from Helsinki. The correspondent asserted that Israelis recently sought to purchase mortars and other weapons from Finnish manufacturers but the government refused to approve such sales. Helsinki was reported to have felt that selling arms to Israel might lead to international complications for the tiny state perched on the Soviet Union\u2019s northern border.\nA moratorium on arms shipments to the Middle East was urged today by the Times of London in an editorial which asserted that", "The University of Wisconsin-Green Bay will host a presentation by a well-known local chef and anti-hunger activist to cap its observance of National Food Day on Thursday, Oct. 24.\nChef J.R. Schoenfeld, creator and owner of Chives restaurant in Suamico and founder of the Seven Loaves Project to feed the hungry, will deliver a keynote address and a cooking demonstration at 6 p.m. in the Phoenix Room of the University Union on the campus at 2420 Nicolet Drive, Green Bay.\nSchoenfeld began the Seven Loaves Project as a way to promote food security for communities that have struggled to feed themselves. This is done by providing training, essential tools, and basic materials for building and operating bakery schools. Schoenfeld had traveled to Rwanda in December 2009 \u2014 15 years after the central African nation had been decimated by genocide \u2014 to help a humanitarian group feed thousands of starving villagers. Working with Father Leszek Czelusniak, a missionary in Rwanda, he decided to pursue an ongoing solution. The Seven Loaves Project\u2019s mission is embodied in a familiar-sounding proverb, \u201cGive a man a loaf of bread and he eats for a day. Teach a man to bake and his village eats for a lifetime.\u201d\nSchoenfeld\u2019s talk is part of the larger UW-Green Bay celebration of National Food Day, a movement for healthy, affordable and sustainable food. Events begin first thing in the morning with breakfast at the Richard Mauthe Center on campus. The remainder of the events take place between 4:30 and 9 p.m. in the", "What achievements and activities are mentioned in the text segment related to Mr. Srinivas", "What actions did Israel take regarding the purchase of arms from Finland", "University Union.\nThe schedule of activities:\n\u2022 7:30-9:30 a.m. \u2014 The \u201cNo Waste Community Breakfast\u201d at the Mauthe Center will be available on a first-come, first-served basis, organized by the UW-Green Bay student organization Feeding the Hungry and Reducing Waste. The breakfast will consist of food ready for consumption that would have otherwise gone uneaten.\n\u2022 4:30-6:30 p.m. \u2014 A locally sourced, sustainably grown, multi-course meal will be served buffet-style. Apple cider, coffee, and water will be the available beverages. The meal is free to students, with event organizers asking community members for a $4 contribution. The meal is first-come, first-served. Student organizations including the SLO Food Alliance, the Public and Environmental Affairs Council and the 6 Dietetics Club are organizing the meal.\n\u2022 6 p.m. \u2014 Schoenfeld\u2019s talk about the Seven Loaves Project and work in Rwanda will be accompanied by a cooking demonstration in the Phoenix Room on the main level of the University Union.\nThroughout the afternoon and evening events in the University Union, various community and campus-based organizations and businesses will be represented at informational tables inside the Phoenix Room.\nFor further information on Chef J.R. Schoenfeld and the Seven Loaves Project, visit www.sevenloavesproject.org/.\nFor more on National Food Day, visit www.foodday.org/.\nFor further details and directions, visit the UWGB Food Day Celebration Facebook event at: https://www.facebook.com/events/429753643796643", "What conclusions did investigators reach regarding the melted ANA Dreamliner battery", "What is the origin of the name 'Little Rock'", "I really do love the industry I work in. I get to feed my need for all things creative and I get to work with some of the most talented, creative people out there. Not only do I get to learn from these amazing individuals, I get to enjoy their visual creations.\nLet me introduce you to my friend Jove. He is the owner and creative director of Jove Meyer Events. He will plan and design your event from start to finish. Jove is creative, friendly and really pays attention to every little detail. His designs are whimsical, thoughtful and fun. I know a lot of planners/designers in this industry so I wanted to know what makes him different from all of the rest\u2026\n1. What is your approach to planning an event? My first step is to get to know the client as intimately as possible, ideally over a glass of wine or a cup of coffee. I want to know their intent, their vision and goals for the event. I strive to create authentic experiences by incorporating as much of the clients personal favorites as possible with a touch of my own flair. I approach the planning of an event by making sure I plan details for all five senses (touch, taste, smell, sight and sound) of the event. By touching all five senses the event becomes an experience not to be forgotten!\n2. What is your favorite part of the planning process? I love the design aspect of planning an event. Taking in all of the elements and creating a look and feel for the space, transforming things to create memorable", "history, and it came into the limelight in 1957 when it integrated nine African-American students. There are over 98,000 public schools across the country, but central\u2019s antique Gothic Revival design made it become an iconic landmark that cannot be found anywhere else.\nThis city has one of the largest parks in the United States\nFrom all the information above, it is evident that Little Rock has some of the largest attractions in the country. As if this is not enough, the Burns Park located in North Little Rock is one of the largest public parks in America. It lies in a 1,575 acres of land, and it has all the exciting things for the public and visitors to enjoy.\nThe name little rock is actually derived from a rock\nLittle Rock\u2019s name is not a coincidence as most people believe. This city is actually named after a small rock. This name comes from the phrase \u201cla petite Roche\u201d which is a French name for \u201cThe Little Rock.\u201d\nIn the early 1700s, people travelling along the Arkansas River discovered a rock formation on the southern bank of the river. Jean Baptiste Benard de la Harpe, a French explorer was the person to give this nickname and it stuck.", "faction with their health service is significantly higher than here.\nDefending the introduction of private sector practices into the public health service, Mr Parsa said: \"The British economy is losing \u00a3170 billion a year. If a company came in and said, 'I can save all that money for the British taxpayer and in return I want 10%', I would do that deal as a taxpayer, any day. That's the deal we did with the NHS.\"\n\u2013 Ali Parsa, Chief executive of Circle\n\"I think we need to take private/public, the ideology, out of the health service and let the NHS provide free at the point of delivery care.\"\nKaren Jennings, assistant general secretary of Unison, told Today: \"Unison challenged the notion that Circle should take over Hinchingbrooke, but they are now managing it and we are working with them.\n\"I think it's right that Hinchingbrooke celebrates these very, very early successes, but I do need to point out that one of the ways that they started to save money - and this was one of our fears - was that through newly negotiated contracts with outsourced cleaning services, they have made cuts.\n\"That means that there's going to be cuts in cleaning staff, a vital and critical group of staff to ensure that there's no cross-infection at the hospital. These are very, very early signs of concerns we had about a private management firm taking over.", ". The Moorabool Council and the Bacchus Marsh Community Consortium have consulted with over 6,500 people on the range of proposals.\n\u201cThe existing outdoor pool is almost 80 years old and only available a few months each year. Today\u2019s announcement will deliver a much needed indoor pool 12 months a year.\n\u201cThis project is a great example of a community working together. The local council, Rotary Bacchus Marsh, health agencies, police, business people, schools, sporting groups, aged care, and community groups have combined to achieve this great community outcome.\u201d\nThe funding for the project is from the latest round of the Regional Development Australia Fund and is already included in the budget.\n\u201cThese projects come on top of the Rudd Labor Government\u2019s record investment in regional Australia, including the National Plan for School Improvement, the National Broadband Network and the Roads to Recovery program \u2013 all of which are helping to secure the future of regional communities.\u201d Ms King said.\nFurther information on the Regional Development Australia Fund is available at: www.regional.gov.au", "What activities are scheduled on National Food Day at the University Union", "e with three 30-ml bottles of cosmetic argan oil and a bar of argan soap. I\u2019m excited about all of them. Honestly\u2026I hope I can somehow continue doing business with them. Perhaps I can start a distribution \u201ccenter\u201d from the US. Hmm\u2026\n- Mohammed, my hanut man. I returned an empty Fanta bottle and, in the process, said goodbye to him. In my two years here, he was always patient with me as I tried to remember the items I wanted to buy as well as the name of the items.\n- Dinner with Little Fatima and her family: grandmother Aicha, aunt Amina, aunt Fatima and brother Ahmed. For evening tea, Aunt Fatima surprised me with a chocolate chip cake! There were four lit candles on the cake as she brought the tray of helwa into the room! Too\u2026wonderful. I actually had them restage the candles because I forgot my camera when I first went to their house; consequently, I ran home \u2013 lHamdullah it was so close! \u2013 fetched my camera, ran back into the house, and asked to get pictures taken with the cake. Super, super thoughtful!\nBy the time dinner came out, I was still stuffed from all the food (bread) that I ate earlier in the day. Even so, I was a sport and ate my part of dinner. Why? Because this was my last meal in the village!\nI know I didn\u2019t say goodbye to everyone here \u2013 that would\u2019ve been impossible. Instead, I chose to say goodbye to those who, in one way or another, showed me kindness of an intangible kind. Who knows, maybe these people were so hospitable because they knew/thought I was coming from a more privileged background and would not take advantage of them and their kindness\u2026but I want to believe that was not the case.\nThe wonderful people of Imi nTlit\u2026you\u2019ve kept my heart warm these past two years. As I told many people today, you have been my family for two years. Thank you.\nFunny story of the day: My PCV friend\u2019s friend who is an American non-PCV male tried giving me a hug as he was leaving in my site. His movement made it closer to a hug than the Englishman\u2019s did; even so, I managed to push/gentle nudge his enclosing arms away from me and stand firm about not hugging any males by sticking out my hand for a handshake.\nYesterday, as I sat around waiting for some type of transportation to drive through my village that would take me to Smimou, I thought about a couple questions that I anticipate being asked after I return to the US:\n(1) Knowing what you know now, would you do Peace Corps again?\n(2) Would you change anything about your Peace Corps service?\nTo the first question, my answer is: Yes, I would do my service again, my service being the one I am just about to complete. No*, I would not go on a second tour of Peace Corps service. (*at least in the foreseeable future. I mean, never say never, right?) It\u2019s not that I didn\u2019t enjoy it because I did \u2013 read my PC blog, createmyworld.wordpress.com \u2013 rather, it\u2019s because one of my goals was to join the Peace Corps.\nTo the second question, my answer is again two-fold. On the one hand, no \u2013 my time in Morocco was the way it was because that\u2019s how I chose to shape my service. On the other hand, yes \u2013 there\u2019s so much that could still be done. So much that, in hindsight, I see I could have done. Then again, it\u2019s also in hindsight that you see how things could have been different, isn\u2019t it?\nPerspective\u2026that\u2019s one of the many things that Peace Corps has taught me to appreciate.\nIt\u2019s my second-to-last night in site. I gave away my things to a PCV, her friend, and Little Fatima\u2019s family today. Except for the items I plan to pack up, this house that I\u2019ve rented for the past two years is barren of all things mine. Well, except for my two-year calendar. I\u2019ve decided that my PC calendar will be the last thing that I take down. How do I feel about PC at this moment?\nIf you allow yourself to make it through these two years, through the highest of highs and the lowest of lows and then allow yourself to build yourself up, this time on more secure footing than before, then you will come out of the experience on the other side.\nI could go on and on about my experience and all that I\u2019ve learned but, in the interest of keeping this short, I will say two final things:\n(1) Peace Corps was/has/is a personal experience \u2013 that was my intent and that is what I achieved.\n(2) Peace Corps\u2026what an incredible journey", "can get the best and latest Apple Promo Code, Apple Coupon Code, Special Discount Offers & deals, Apple Promo Code For Existing Users and For New Users, Apple Promo Code Reddit 2019 For June 2019\nToday\u2019s Apple Top Offers:\n- Up to $400 Off Macs And $50 Off iPad Pro With Apple\u2019s Student Discount + Free Shipping\n- Shop Apple Today + Free Shipping Sitewide, Including AppleCar", "rs got in touch with the band to find out more.\nAlbert Bell from Malta plays in local bands Forsaken, Nomad Son, and Albert Bell\u2019s Sacro Sanctus at the moment, while organising Malta Doom Metal Festival as well. Guido Segers caught up with Albert for a long chat to find out more.\nRudra from Signapore play unique sounding Vedic metal music. Blending thrash, death and black metal with folk elements to create a unique sound from their small city state in Southeast Asia. Guido Segers talks to singer/bassist Kathir to find out more.\nGuido Segers talks to singer Nefas and guitar player Kozeljnik from The Stone, who hails from Serbia and started out in 1996, in the wake of the black metal boom.\nGuido Segers caught up with Grimrik, one of the pioneers in the dungeon synth genre, to discuss the genre a bit more, thereby providing a good starting point for people new to this musicical genre.\n1914 is a Ukraine based metal band influenced by World War I, or the Great War. Guido Segers caught up with Dmytro Kumar from the band to find out more.\nGuido Segers asked Fabio Lione from Italian powermetal band Rhapsody about the highlights of their career and their upcoming farewell tour.\nGuido Segers caught up with Sen Fang from Chinese metal band Black Kirin, to find out more about what it\u2019s like to be a metal band in China.\nJust across the Russian border though, a small scene has been brewing in Karelia. A prominent band in these parts is \u0421\u0430\u0442\u0430\u043d\u0430\u041a\u043e\u0437\u0451\u043b, which translates as SatanaKozel (Satan\u2019s Goat). Guido Segers caught up with drummer drummer Nickolai Kuskov to find out more.\nGuido Segers caught up with \u201chorror film freaks who love to play crazy rock\u2019n\u2019roll\u201d Possessor from London.\nWhat I particularly like is how the abstract lyrics work very well for the theme of the record, the seasonal changes. This also helps in bringing folk music closer to the roots, since most of these old songs would have been highly ritualistic and bound up with traditions.", "Who is the guest speaker at the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay's observance of National Food Day", "How did Aref Abu Zeid's background influence his involvement in the war efforts against Moammar Gadhafi", "Srinivas assumes charge as Customs Commissioner\nDr. D. K. Srinivas, IRS, assumed charge as the Commissioner of Customs Visakhapatnam, with effect from July 8. He belongs to the 1989 batch of the Indian Revenue Service and has served in Anti-Smuggling, Custom Houses, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence and Airports in Gujarat, Telangana, Karnataka, Tamilnadu and Mumbai wings of the Revenue Department.\nHe represented India at World Trade Organization Workshop on Customs Modernization at TAIWAN in 2004 and was", "ecessary to keep in mind that while there\u2019s no different cost for plagiarism checks, the characters refined matter versus your monthly usage. There\u2019s likewise a limitation of 50,000 characters you can look for plagiarism on a monthly basis.\nThings are pretty hit-and-miss with Rytr when it pertains to accuracy. If you\u2019re using the tool to revise or broaden existing web content, the outcomes are quite suitable. You can offer it with an item summary and also get an enhanced, longer variation with one click.\nIf you mean to utilize it to create material from scratch, you\u2019re unlikely to get excellent results. A lot of the info created is merely inaccurate, and the web content has lots of constructions. This means that you require to spend a great deal of time fact-checking the copy, which beats the function of using a web content generator.\nBeing typically imprecise, the web content will also damage off at random places, and there\u2019s no option to ask the tool to complete an unfinished sentence. This is necessary to keep in mind in any Rytr review.\nGenerals Concerns asked about Rytr?\nExactly how precise and also initial is the provided content in Rytr?\nRytr develops new and also distinct material nearly every time as it passes different plagiarism tests and other material website checks. If you use the same phrases or titles 5 different times, the outcomes will certainly be different and also one-of-a-kind virtually all the time as well as equally engaging.\nHow does Rytr develop content?\nMuch like any other AI Copywriting tool, it takes the information that you compose and also produces brand-new material after including the required keyword phrases, describes, concerns, tones, as well as numerous other tools that the internet site supplies. After doing all the steps in the proper ways, the AI tool will certainly begin functioning, as well as within seconds, you will certainly have a fresh, brand-new, as well as special item of material or blog that you can share with your group or publish today.\nJust how can you purchase/cancel your registration in Rytr?\nAfter trying out the internet site and its offered free tests, you can quickly buy the registration that will certainly be based upon the strategy you choose. After paying for your subscription on a monthly billing cycle, the membership will instantly finish at the end of the billing cycle. After your membership ends, the data and also credit scores saved will certainly likewise be gotten rid of", "ident or charges when Lincoln Adim was cast, and he himself denied ever having engaged in or having been charged with any sexual misconduct. We employ a well-respected and highly experienced third party who has done thousands of background checks consistent with industry standards to do a nationwide background check in this case. The report we received did not reference any incident or charge relating to the recent conviction \u2013 or any other charges relating to sexual misconduct. We are currently investigating why the report did not contain this information, which we will share when we have it.\u201d\nWhile we wait for more details on the situation, which is admittedly highly suspect and not the only disgusting action he\u2019s been accused of, one thing is for sure: Becca certainly deserves better dudes that this.", "By Michael Grondin\nCALGARY \u2014 Bands are often painted with the same brush as those used for their influences. This brush can colour interpretations before a group steps on a stage or records a song. Of course, while musical influences undoubtedly play a role in shaping one\u2019s sound, lazily dropping a project in a communal bucket can seriously detract from your potential enjoyment.\nToronto\u2019s Dilly Dally is one such act that is fighting for a semblance of individuality within a heavily saturated music scene. They are constantly slapped with comparisons to the projects past, and though they have been out of high school for some time, they are often framed as high-school friends who started a band and sound like the Pixies.\nBut what does that really mean? Well, to start, Dilly Dally are a band that have been busting ass and hustling to make things work. According to lead vocalist and guitarist Katie Monks, the project has come a long way since her and Dilly Dally co-member Liz Ball\u2019s adolescent experimentation with music.\n\u201cThis band didn\u2019t start in high school. Me and Liz met each other in high-school, but we\u2019re 26 now and we\u2019ve been slugging it out in the city for six years, and we\u2019ve been working shitty jobs and doing what all the other bands here are doing to make it work,\u201d says Monks in a phone interview from Toronto.\nImmersing themselves in the local music scene of Toronto is a huge aspect of what shaped Dilly Dally\u2019s direction up to this point.\n\u201cIt\u2019s something we\u2019ve been working on for a really long time. To me, this project was born out of the music we were listening to here in Toronto, and a lot of the bands here were a big part of that,\u201d she says. \u201cThere was, and is, a lot of live music happening, and"]}