{"q_indices": [86, 19, 40, 79, 125, 16, 51, 10, 59, 22, 32, 83, 44, 116, 80, 24, 66, 94, 41, 96, 9, 48, 93, 64, 21, 65, 8, 54, 14, 28, 109, 107, 6, 47, 122, 84, 15, 12, 23, 105, 75, 89, 39, 70, 68, 78, 34, 30, 71, 85, 113, 76, 119, 20, 43, 69, 95, 35, 126, 127, 118, 18, 121, 36], "a_indices": [29, 115, 99, 72, 112, 49, 82, 56, 42, 74, 62, 52, 100, 81, 1, 77, 123, 25, 57, 60, 120, 102, 92, 117, 98, 124, 97, 0, 104, 67, 50, 111, 53, 114, 108, 88, 33, 106, 31, 11, 26, 27, 61, 73, 55, 37, 46, 63, 91, 4, 17, 58, 2, 87, 101, 7, 90, 103, 38, 5, 45, 13, 110, 3], "texts": ["bout 2/3 of it into a disk, wrap up and chill. Do the same with the remaining 1/3.\n- Once chilled, allow to warm slightly to room temperature. Then take the 2/3 disk and press the dough into a slightly greased 9\" pan, patting it evenly onto the bottom and sides.\n- Spread jam over the dough. Roll out the remaining 1/3 of the dough using as little flour as possible and place on top of jam. I cut star shaped pieces but as you can see it kind of rises together and you can't really see the shapes.\n- Sprinkle top generously with coarse sugar.\n- Bake at 375\u00ba for 25 minutes.\n- Cool and serve..although I must add it was just as delicious served warm.", "Mass Spectrometry and Proteomics\nThis state of the art facility, situated within LIMS and the School of Molecular Sciences, offers La Trobe staff, students and external users access to a range of high-end mass spectrometry equipment.\nLa Trobe established the facility with funding from the Co-oporative Research Centre for Biomarker Translation (CRC-BT) and an Australian Research Centre LIEF grant, enabling the Department of Biochemistry to purchase a mass spectrometry-based proteomics suite from Bruker Daltronics.\nThe facility also boasts Bruker Proteineer robotic equ", "- Eric Prydz - Essential Mix 2011 (Live from Creamfields) Artwork Eric Prydz Official on September 03, 2011 13:27\n- Snoop Lion - Lighters Up (Rell the Soundbender Remix) [Thissongissick.com Premiere] [Free Download] Artwork Thissongissick.com on May 1", "ure.\"\nZimmer did not specify what she did to try to persuade the owners from closing the club.\nDescribing Maxwell's as an \"indie-rock mecca\" with a \"love for the underdogs,\" Rolling Stone\" music magazine's website recently rated the club as the third best club in America.\nThe club provided venues for indie bands like Replacements, H\u00fcsker D\u00fc, Sonic Youth and the Minutemen in the 1980s and grunge acts including Nirvana, Soundgarden, Smashing Pumpkins, and the Red Hot Chili Peppers during the 1990s, Rolling Stone says. Bruce Springsteen filmed parts of the video for his 1985 hit \u201cGlory Days\u201d at the club.\nAbramson, who will continue to operate the larger Bell House in Brooklyn, said he is planning a hold the final concert with members of members of the Bongos who played on opening night at the club.\nMaxwell's thrived when Hoboken was considered an \"arts town\" with affordable rents\nAbramson said the club, which offers discounted parking at two local municipal garages, has always been plagued by problems with parking where \" bands whose vans have been booted because the signs are so unclear.", "for posters, book covers and magazine headlines..\nIt comes in two widths, each of them packed with a set of stylistic alternates: just turn on the feature in an OpenType savvy program to instantly get into a new mood, with filled counters and slightly different lettershapes", "oks!\nMe: er... I'm sorry?\nClient: These are Notebooks! I'm not searching for Notebooks. Do you have any Laptops?\nMe: Erm.... I'm really sorry sir but we only stock Notebooks", "What are some clothing items available for sale and their starting prices", "y with (and even out-earning) their male counterparts \u2014 and celebrity couples are no exception to the fiscal trend.\nFrom superstars such as Jennifer Lopez and Oprah Winfrey to reality queens Kris Jenner and Bethenny Frankel, more and more famous women are recognized as the money makers in their relationships.\nThis article originally appeared at StyleCaster. Copyright 2012.\nGet Entertainment Emails & Alert", "What ingredients are required to make the tart mentioned in the text", "What happened to a man in Cullyhanna on Tuesday evening", "What dining option will be available at Transit City, and how does it relate to its location", "football main entry will be a new 3,821 square-foot football Gator Room. The Gator Room is used by the UAA as meeting room space and will also provide the Gator football program with a central location to house recruiting functions throughout the year. Seating capacity for meals will be 200, with total capacity expected to be 560, and state-of-the-art technology will dominate the space. Incorporated in the Gator Room is an 810 square-foot kitchen, along with ample storage and rest rooms for visitors.\nThe strength and conditioning complex will expand to a total of 26,685 square feet. This room facilitates over 350 student-athletes throughout the year, and will be furnished with new weight equipment, TV monitors, state-of-the-art sound system and an artificial turf track for speed workouts and other aerobic activity. Strength and conditioning staff offices and student-athlete locker and shower facilities will be located in this area.\nSince 1992, Heavener has served as Co-chairman/CEO of Full\nSail Real World Education, a highly-regarded entertainment media college in", "What is the safest action to take if you are in a vehicle near downed electric lines", "31 (for the January 31 deadline) to be eligible to submit a proposal. Each applicant will be assigned an advocate from the RSSC to support development of the Seed Grant Proposal.\nSeed Grant proposals and department approvals are due to the RSSC via e-mail at firstname.lastname@example.org by January 31 or September 30 of each year. Proposals will be evaluated using the following non-exclusive criteria:\n- Does the proposal contain a Project Summary that describes information about project goals, rationale and justification for the research, methods, and likely outcomes?\n- Is the proposal supported by a preliminary Literature Review with citations and references? Is a gap in the literature identified? There should be no references listed that are not discussed in the Project Summary.\n- Does the proposal describe the Contribution of the Project to LTU, College, and Department such as potential for publication, potential for student recruitment, etc?\n- Does the proposal describe Future Directions and Contributions of Project, including possibilities for future external funding, linkage to PI\u2019s research agenda, and contribution to discipline?\n- Is the Proposed Budget reasonable for the project goals and objectives in terms of salaries, supplies, equipment, travel, etc.?\n- Does the proposal provide a Budget Justification in which each budget item listed in the Proposed Budget is justified? Consider any commitments from college/department that have been identified by the PI.\n- Does the proposal provide a reasonable and realistic Timeline which indicates the proposed state date, project milestones, and proposed end date?\n- What is the probability of this funding leading to external support?\n- Does the PI(s) have the experience needed to carry out the project?\n- a) Has the PI\u2019s Dept Chair provided comments and approval? b) Has the PI\u2019s Dean provided comments and approval (b. only required if specific College resources are committed to the project).\n- Has the PI obtained required assurances (animal, human, radiation, etc.), or at a minimum, addressed that assurances will be obtained prior to participant recruitment?\nThe awardee is responsible for the administration of grant funds, including making certain that over-expenditures do not occur. The Business Services unit is responsible for purchasing processes. All equipment purchased with Seed Grant funding remains the property of Lawrence Tech and may not be transferred to another institution should the awardee leave their University employment", "What alternative scheme is suggested to enhance press freedom in the text", "What causes many drivers and passengers to be electrocuted after their vehicles hit power poles", "What misdemeanor counts was Golota charged with after the incident recounted by the two women", "Jay Bennett was in Wilco. He was one of the men who created \"Yankee Hotel Foxtrot\" - one of the great records of this decade. Jay Bennett had a contentious relationship with Wilco leader Jeff Tweedy and this relationship was the focal point of the excellent documentary \"I Am Trying To Break Your Heart.\" After Jay Bennett left Wilco, he never had the same success but", "What criteria are used to evaluate Seed Grant proposals submitted to the RSSC", "What is the age ranking of the Oilers compared to other teams mentioned in the text", "What is being offered as a potential gift for a musician and how can it be obtained", "What material is used in the Bi-Stretch Bootcut Pant, and what is its fit style", "What artistic techniques are mentioned in the text segment related to the painting process", "What is the purpose of Bill Heavener's $7 million donation to Gator Athletics", "What technology is described as an indispensable tool for biochemists and is used for discovering and quantifying proteins", "ence\" small group DVD follows the six 20-minute episodes, providing additional information, discovery questions, and tips for helping your small group grow spiritually and bond with each other as well as with the eternal message of Easter.\nAlso available are the \"Easter Experience Church Program, \" the \"Easter Experience Small Group DVD, \" and the \"Easter Experience Ministry Devotional.", "hat - Goorin Bros\nfloral shirt - c/o Sosie\nsweater - Loft\nboyfriend jeans - Madewell\nhot pink heels - c/o Rachel Roy\nMiku (!!!) mini nameplate necklace - c/o BaubleBar\nRebecca Minkoff quilted swing bag - Confederacy\nEventually, I will do an actual photo tour of my apartment. You can catch a glimpse of the bare bones here and here, but it's come a long way since then and is starting to feel like an actual home. It takes me a long while to get settled in, partially because I'm horribly unorganized, but also because I'm picky about my stuff. I don't have expensive taste; it's actually quite the opposite. I adore found items, hand-me-downs, and everything ancient. Almost everything in my apartment is old, down to the brick walls that house them. My furniture and decor are all from my mom's consignment shop, flea markets, Brimfield, thrift shops, the side of the road. Barely any of the furnitu", "re was bought new, save for my bed frames and sofa - which will eventually be replaced by something ancient and full of history.\nI'll save the rest of my stories for when I have actual photos with which to display them, and keep to the two pieces you see here. The large trunk beneath was Bobby's grandfather's, and the one on top was given to us when we lived at our first Brooklyn apartment. We lived in an area surrounded by warehouses, and one of them housed vintage stuff for a flea market seller. When he closed up shop, he gave us a 50s kitchen table, antique chairs, this trunk, and several vintage odds and ends that we still have today. At the time, I was broke, broke, broke, so it was like a dream come true. Actually, it would be a dream come true even if I was the richest gal in the world. Give me millions of dollars and I will still take the old over the new. I got that from my mama.", "What model does the text suggest for implementing statutory regulation of journalists", "Tuesday, August 15, 2006\nMrs. Plager told her boys not to grow up to be cowboys.\nSo they didn't.\nOver at CIO the debate rages about whether or not Brian Leetch is an answer for our D corps.\nI said no but regular commentator Steve asked, well, who then?\nUh ... good question.\nRegular surfers here know I'm a pint half full type of guy or as Lowetide would say I tend to Blue sky things.\nI'll admit to that.\nAnd while I can paint a scenario where the Oilers can make do with their D as presently constituted just as I painted a scenario where the Oilers could get by the Wings, the truth is this team has three decent guys who can eat up minutes (Smith, Staios, Tarnqvist) and a bunch of question marks. Bergeron might figure it out. Hejda may be a player. One of Smid, Gilbert, Syvret or Young may be ready. Greene may be ready to be Commodore (although I think he is a year or two away from that in reality). Check out San Jose's D if you want to see young and unproven. They did alright.\nThe truth is the Oil likely will get a decent third pair out of the lot of them this season and in a year or two we will have a nice quality young D", "What impact do thoughts have on an individual's character and their interactions with others", "Tuesday July 10, 2007Heavener Provides $7 Million Dollar Donation To Gator Athletics\n\"We are grateful for Bill\nHeavener's donation,\" said head coach Urban\nMeyer. \"His financial support is a key component in completing the\npremier football stadium in the nation. This recent construction project\nfeatures a front door look to the stadium that will give fans and former\nplayers a chance to pay tribute to the champions of\nThe renovation project at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium will enhance the experience for Gator student-athletes, staff and visitors. This project will include the renovation and expansion of the football office complex. An additional 6,815 square feet will be added to the existing square footage, creating a grand total of 12,436 square feet for all football office areas. All of the offices will be equipped with the latest technology.\nThe cornerstone of the\nproject will be a new \"front door\" to the football office complex.\nThis structure, rising three stories, will be constructed at the southwest\ncorner of Ben Hill Griffin, at the intersection of\nAdjoining the", "What should a user do to view the page mentioned in the text segment", "|Driver's Education Video: Surviving Auto Accidents Involving Downed Power Lines|\nAll files are saved as windows media videos (wmv). Additional formats may be request. See other safety videos on our YouTube Channel.\nDriver's Education Video: Surviving Auto Accidents Involving Downed Power Lines-6 minutes\nEach year, accidents in which motorists hit power poles happen tens of thousands of times. Each accident has the potential to bring live power lines to the ground. Tragically, many drivers and passengers who survive the impact are electrocuted when they attempt to leav", "What role do thoughts play in shaping a person's character according to the text", "What alternative spellings of 'ukulele' are mentioned in the text", "What significant indie and grunge bands performed at Maxwell's in the 1980s and 1990s", "was running. They are of course much bigger (something has to give). I\u2019m wondering if the fronts are actually too big for my application. My car only has 280hp and weighs just 2400lbs. The E46 M3 cars have much more power and much more weight so they would benefit greatly from this huge brake kit. If I remove the brake ducting to get the temps up I wonder what the pad wear will be like?\nI think the brakes over all did pretty good in a very tough environment. Fontana is very tough on brakes not only because of the 4 hard brake zones per lap but because you are off the brakes all the way through the oval and by the time you need them most going into turn 3 they have cooled significantly.\nEvent #2 - Testing at Willow Springs with Beverly Hills Motor Car Club\nI instructed at the Beverly Hills Motor Car Club Event last weekend and took the car to test - and to toy with the exotics with (it's so fun to beat up on Ferraris). It took a few laps in the morning to reset brake bias as I have recently switched to even bigger rear slicks and wanted to make them work for me by pushing some of the brake bias to the rear of the car. I also took off some rear wing as well to help with straight line speed.\nThe front rotors never got above 425F as the brake temp paint did not change color from the prior event. I ran the car with no front brake cooling ducts as WSIR is easy on brakes. Again pedal feel was excellent and is important there as the braking for turn 3 is bumpy and the braking for turn 9 is, well\u2026 \u201ccheck your balls time\u201d.\nI was easily under 1:30 there but didn\u2019t have a drafting buddy and didn't want to push it too much at a school. I did have fun playing with the Evosport E46 M3 race car driven by the company co-owner Brad Otoupalik. We always have fun together on the track when there is open passing - I trust his driving. He was on lesser rubber and stock brakes (testing for Grand-AM later this year) and I was able to pass him under braking anywhere I wanted. \"Go Rotora\" but the slicks and my lesser weight gave me the advantage as well.\nAs far as pad and rotor wear is concerned there was very little at that event. There was less dusting this time as well - almost none. I was only on track for about 2 hours total. Total pad thickness in front was .653 with a starting thickness of aprox .663 \u2013 so again, very little wear occurred.\nEvent #3 - California Speedway - Touring Car Club\nI was back at California Speedway this weekend for a Touring Car Club race against Ferrari's, Porsches and Vipers. I did have the front brake ducts hooked up as it was a hot day. I was going to take them off as a test but didn't want to take any chances as there was little time to test at this packed event and didn't want to potentially waste a session.\nI had to start last as I skipped the qualifying race to do a family thing. I worked my way through the pack and finished 12th out of 40 cars. A mid-race yellow helped me catch up to the leaders who got quite a lead as I was tending with slow traffic on the opening laps. I totally snaked a Viper and Porsche on the restart - good thing I did because the more I moved up the more difficult it was to pass the faster cars. I'd love to get a chance against those guys at Buttonwillow - they'd fall like a house of cards.\nBrake rotor temps approached 1000F \u2013 which is about right for that track and is a bit higher than the event done there about a month ago.\nRotor wear continues to be negligible - which still blows me away. At the rate I'm going I'll never have to replace the rotors!\nI ran the car aprox 125 miles total for the event at full-tilt-bogy. I was doing 1:48s which is my best effort by a second.\nThe starting thickness of the pads was .653\u201d this is the thickness taken after the first event with those pads from Willow Springs. The ending pad thickness measured out to an average of .610\u201d so the car used .043\u201d of pads. The rear pad wear is as expected much less. Overall pad wear is not bad all considering it's the toughest track I know of on brakes short of Sebring.\nI hope the information I\u2019ve been providing you has been helpful.\nVery cool, Ralph, thanks. :thumbup:\nGreat write up - thanks :thumbup:\nI just talked to a shop that sponsor me so I am passing along the saving to you guy.\nE46 M3- 6 Pistons BBK - $2095\nE36 M3- 4 Pistons BBK - $1600\nE36 M3- 6 Pistons BBK - $2090\nNo group buy..anytime as long as Rotora makes them.\nyes..those prices are for front only\nI went to the link for ROTORA BBK discount for E-46 and could not find how to purchase, also I can not find the # for ROTORA do you know??\n|All times are GMT -7. The time now is 07:41 AM.|\nPowered by vBulletin\u00ae Version 3.8.7\nCopyright \u00a92000 - 2016, vBulletin Solutions, Inc.\n\u00a9 2001-2015 performanceIX, Inc. All Rights Reserved .: guidelines .:. privacy .:. terms", "Client: Can you help us out with some Laptops please?\nMe: Sure... we got this [Specs Here], this [Specs Here] and also this\nClient: But these arn't Laptops, these are Notebo", "What event caused the author to delay writing the post for a month", "What methods does Luise use for beekeeping", "How can someone get a free sample of Purina Pro Plan Cat Food", "The cloud formations have been magnificent lately- so I started this from a window view. I was thinking about composition ideas I've been reading about, like dominance and sub", "What has been the traditional role of men and women regarding family breadwinning, and how is it changing", "What actions does Atheist Alliance International (AAI) urge global governments to take regarding the arrested bloggers in Bangladesh", "The Research Support Services Committee (RSSC) administers an internal funding opportunity for full-time faculty at Lawrence Technological University. These awards utilize a portion of the provost's indirect costs recovery pool from externally funded projects. The purpose of these awards is to encourage and develop faculty research and creative endeavors with the goal of subsequent external funding. These awards are intended to supplement and strengthen the support that comes from the faculty member's department and college. Awards are granted through a competitive application process, with recommendations from department chair, evaluation by the RSSC, and acceptance of recommendations by the provost.\nAll full-time faculty are eligible to apply, and applications are accepted in September and January of each academic year. Projects that emphasize new methods, theoretical approaches, and curriculum or laboratory improvements are encouraged. Teams of two or more eligible faculty are encouraged to submit proposals for interdisciplinary projects. Applications from junior tenure-track faculty are given preference. Proposals receiving departmental and/or college resource commitments are given preference. Only one proposal per faculty member may be considered during each academic year.\nThe maximum value of the award is $5,000 with a duration of no more than one year, with all unexpended funds reverting back to the indirect cost recovery pool at the end of the award period. Awardees disseminate the results of their project at the annual Research Day, as well as through refereed publication outlets. A final report to the RSSC is also required within thirty (30) days of completion of the project.\nFunds can be used for research and scholarly efforts, instructional impact projects, or other worthwhile professional development activities. Funding can be used for student research assistant salaries, technicians, and other non-faculty project personnel. Other permitted expenses include supplies, equipment, and miscellaneous project expenses. Funds cannot be used for faculty salaries (summer or academic year); travel that is not directly related to project research; conferences; consultants, office equipment, or computers (unless specifically justified). Any travel funding must be accompanied by department or college contributions.\nProspective seed grant applicants must submit an \"intent to submit\" e-mail to the RSSC at email@example.com no later than June 30 (for the September 30 deadline) or October", "Every people would like to live well having a good lifestyle. The problem seems not to be so easy as could. At first, to have and get things done, we need to take action for things happen because it has not got by itself. The first way by which it may be possible is through the change of habits setting the mind up for things get better. The greater barrier to getting it sets down in knowing how to manage feelings and limiting beliefs all of us have stuck inside so hard of being thrown out. The change of habits begins through mastering thoughts from which it could be possible to improve and grow the inner or subconscious mind of people.\nThoughts are energetic vibrations, manifestations of intelligence coming from the soul\u2019s power. Through clear and correct thoughts we have a channel to interact with the Universe widening the horizons of our knowledge, and so doing it, strengthening the moral principles along the path of our existence.\nThe power of thought is the great key to getting a good and balanced life. Mastering our thoughts for the good we put them attuned with the Universal Power and Creative Intelligence. Through this channel, we may supply our lives with the Great Force of the Universe becoming us invigorated, stronger and abler for facing our daily struggles for existence.\nWe need to take care of managing our thoughts on the right way, because they set up real environmental climates promoting good health or diseases, joy or sorrow, success or failure and well or ill-being. People are responsible in fact for their lives, acts and thoughts, being them for their own reliable and dependable on whatever may happen in their lifetime. We are what we think and we are the mirror of our choices.\n\u201cAs a man thinketh, so he is.\u201d \u201cMan is created by thought; what a man thinks that he becomes.\u201d Think you are strong; strong you become. Think you are weak; the weak you become. Think you are a fool; fool you become. A man forms his own character, becoming that which he thinks. If you meditate on courage, you shall work courage into your character. If you think nobly, you shall gradually make for yourself a noble character, but if you think basely, a base character will be formed. Steady persevering thoughts sets up a definite habit of the mind and that habit manifests itself as a quality in the character. The thread of thought is woven into mental and moral qualities and", "What can readers find in the latest lookbooks", "What was the reaction of Sinn F\u00e9in councillor Colman Burns regarding the incident", "Thursday evening after being charged with the misdemeanor counts of possess-ing unregistered firearms. His owner's ID card to possess them had been revoked, according to police, who came to Golota's Northwest Side home Wednesday after two women had left there and called 911. No charges have been filed related to other allegations brought by the women", "OK, normally you don\u2019t think of government when you think of Valentine\u2019s Day. But let\u2019s try something a little different here.\nBetter trash pickup from your city?\nDifferent classes for your kids at school?\nMore patrol", "What is the estimated completion year for the Transit City Condos", "LICK HERE TO CREATE YOUR ACCOUNT\n- Get advice\n- Make friends\n- Share your expertise\n- Post in our forums\n- Send private messages\n- Join interest groups\n- Be a community leader\n- Track your mood\n- Upload photo", "Short Dressesfrom \u00a339\nFURTHER REDUCTIONSShop All Sale\nJackets & Coatsfrom \u00a335\nOur New In pieces are perfect to keep your wardrobe refreshed.\nFind a lo", "What should you do after baking the dish mentioned in the text", "Rotora Brake System Performance on BMW M3 Racer Car\nSUBJECT: Rotora Brake System Performance on BMW M3 Racer Car.\nI thought it would be a good time to share some race and testing notes with you regarding the Rotora brakes I put on my race car. This is a pretty long post but if you are considering spending the money on a brake upgrade or if you want some insight into brake testing and race car preparation it's worth the read.\nI installed the Rotora BBK Front and Rear brakes on my modified E36 M3 race car. The kit consists of 355mm rotors and 6-pot calipers up front with 330mm rotors and 4-pot calipers in the rear. The E46 M3 kit is the same but comes with 355mm rotors front and rear. The kit comes with all the brackets, hardware, brake lines and pads. I chose the H6 (race) pads rather than the (H2) street pads. Initial fit and finish are excellent and the red calipers look awesome through the race wheels.\nA little background\u2026 Half-way through this season I finally had my car well sorted and started to win races (overall). The aero package, springs, remote reservoir dampers and the slicks all really started to work well together. The slicks are amazing and offer so much more grip then the other R-compound tires I was using that my old AP Racing brakes no longer seemed powerful enough for the application. I was also getting a bit of fade nearing the end of sessions.\nI had AP Racing Brakes on the car an was a bit hesitant at first to take them off and replace them with a different brand. I didn't want to have to get larger (Tilton dual) master cylinders to accommodate a huge brake upgrade. The front and rear Rotora BBK brake packages were the perfect solution because they do not require a master cylinder upgrade. Also, the huge AP Racing or Brembo Brakes would have literally cost thousands of dollars more in addition to the cost of the new master cylinders.\nBelow are race and testing notes from the first few times the brakes were used the track. These notes were taken from e-mails I sent to my Rotora contact. I've been working with Richie Ho who seems to be 1 part marketing, 1 part R&D and 1 part engineer. He has come through for me every time I needed something and is a very sharp guy.\nThere is a group buy going on now for the E46 M3. Details on that can be found here\u2026 http://www.m3forum.net/m3forum/showthread.php?t=32691\nIf you have further questions for me about my experiences with Rotora brakes, please feel free to contact me at firstname.lastname@example.org I have beat the hell out of them and they had stood up well in extreme racing environments.\nEvent #1 - BMW Oktoberfest Event July 2004\nThe car finished 3rd overall out of 40 cars at BMW\u2019s Oktoberfest event at Fontana despite being 50hp to 100hp down on power to many of the front runners.\nThe brakes performed very well. Proportioning to my old brakes (AP Racing) was similar. Only minor changes to the proportioning and application needed to be made depending on fuel load and rear wing angle.\nThe pads broke in fine with little to no gassing out and no sensation of uneven pad transfer during break in. Initial bite seemed a bit soft. I like harder pads in general for racing but the softer pads did make it easier to trail brake and the braking \"feel\" was excellent which gave me confidence. The pads did firm up nicely after the first session.\nAfter the event was over and many sessions on the track, the rotors show no sign of wear - amazing. I will measure the pads for you and report back but I can tell just from looking at them that they have worn down a bit. The way they feel and the wear of the pads make me consider them a soft pad \u2013 which isn\u2019t always a bad thing. They were quiet and consistent through the temp range.\nThe front rotors did have very slight normal and acceptable stress cracks \u2013 the rear rotors had no stress cracks at all. This is probably due to the fact that the front not only got hotter but that they were cooled with brake ducts which creates stress as the rotors go from very hot to cold so quickly and often.\nRotor temps were very low \u2013 like \u201creally\u201d low. I did not get a reading over 500 degrees all weekend with the laser pyrometer. I used tempilaq thermo-graphic paint at it indicates a max of 900 degrees \u2013 which is nothing (especially for California Speedway). I did have the brake ducts installed up front but will probably pull them for all other tracks other than Buttonwillow and Laguna (the harder braking tracks). When I took my E46 M3 street car to California Speedway last year I got brake rotor readings of 1200F with the stock brakes on the car - yikes!\nI will install a set of Thermax stickers and report back actual caliper temps after the next weekend of racing if you\u2019d like.\nThe Rotora 6-pot front brakes are a bit heavier then the AP Racing 4-pot I", "have a balcony and floor-to-ceiling windows, giving the feeling of even more space.\nElegance and Style\nThe lobby is set to have the elegance of a luxury hotel and will be complemented by the first Buca restaurant outside of Toronto. The high-end eatery will be 4,500 square feet and will serve top quality Italian food to residents in the finest of surroundings.\nIn another innovative move, Transit City won\u2019t have its own gym. Instead, residents will have access to a brand-new, custom-built, 100,000 sq ft YMCA facility, which will be just steps away and part of SmartCentres Place.\nThe building will also be next to a new 9-acre park that will be the focal point of SmartCentres Place. The emphasis on creating wide-open green spaces show the intentions of the developers to create a genuine community for people to live, work and play in. In addition to the park, plans for SmartCentres place include shopping, office towers, a library, a community centre, and other entertainment options. It will truly be a community of the future.\nTransit City: Location\nRegister Now for Transit City Condos\nAs a preferred VIP brokerage for Transit City Condos, Living Realty can provide inside access to all the latest details about the project. To register your interest in the project and gain access to further information, click the button below.", "Here is a FREE Sample of Purina Pro Plan Cat Food!\n*Just fill out the form on Facebook and they will mail you your coupon for a free can!\nWhile", "this doesn't change the fact that Jay Bennett was supremely talented - a truly excellent musician and his death is incredibly sad. During his time in Wilco Jay and Jeff were like Mick and Kieth. They were partners. Those records could not have been made without both of them. Jay Bennett was 45 years old when he went to sleep and didn't wake up. We'll miss Jay Bennett", "What factors related to composition has the author been thinking about while observing the cloud formations", "you are there, visit my Coupon Gal Facebook Page. I often share time sensitive deals and stories with my readers there!\nThanks, Coupon Lovin Mom", "So first, my apologies for taking a month to write another post. The end of February was filled with craziness (read: my 32nd birthday) and March got off to a smashing start when I managed to slice my thumb open with a dull boxcutter blade and ended up in the hospital getting stitches. Plus there\u2019s been basketball, and as a University of Kansas alum, it\u2019s something akin to a religious experience.\nThat said, I got the stitches out today, so I popped a bottle of wine when I got home. Here\u2019s what I\u2019m sipping right now:\nRegion: Monterey County, CA\nGrapes involved: Merlot, Cab Sauv and Syrah\nFood pairings: The first thing that comes to mind is a turkey sandwich. You\u2019ll see why. Otherwise, go for something that would work with a slightly sweeter red (*not* a *sweet* red, but an off-dry-ish red), like brie covered in berries or something. Plus, I\u2019ve got this sort of obsession with any kind of Syrah blend and a hunk of fresh mozzarella. I don\u2019t know, it\u2019s just lovely.\nThe wine, if it isn\u2019t apparent in the photo, is a nifty pretty sort of mulberry color, bright and rich and jewel toned. It smells like cherries, carnations, a hint of pepper and lots of berries. It\u2019s a fairly fruit-forward scent - not the raspberry jam bomb of a lot of Zins, but still pretty fruity.\nTasting it, I get cranberry jelly. Absolute, total, no-questions-asked cranberry jelly. Hence the desire to put this with a turkey sandwich: my first few sips made me think", "You must be a registered member to view this page.|\nIf you are already a member, sign in now.\nTo register for your own account, sign up now.\nSigning up will REMOVE MOST OF THE ANNOYING ADS from your screen.\nC", "these qualities in their totality form what we call character. You can build your character as surely as a mason can build a wall, working with and through the law.\nThe first step towards a deliberate creation of character lies then in the deliberate choosing of what we will think and then of thinking persistently on the quality chosen. Soon, there will be a tendency to evince that quality; a little longer, its exercise will become habitual. Thoughts make the character. You spin the thread of thought into your life.\nCarry any kind of thought you please about with you and so long as you retain it, no matter how you roam over land or sea, you will unceasingly attract to yourself, knowingly or inadvertently, exactly and only what corresponds to your own dominant quality of thought. Thoughts are your private property and you can regulate them to suit your taste entirely by steadily recognizing your ability to do so. You have entirely in your own hands to determine the order of thoughts you entertain and consequently the order of influences you attract and are not mere willowy creatures of circumstances unless indeed you choose to be.\nA good thought is thrice bestowed. First, it benefits the thinker by improving his mental body. Secondly, it benefits the person about whom it is entertained. Lastly, it benefits all mankind by improving the general mental atmosphere. An evil thought, on the contrary, is thrice cursed. First, it harms the thinker by doing injury to his mental body. Secondly, it harms the person who is its object. Lastly, it harms all mankind by vitiating the whole mental atmosphere. Every evil thought is bad for the person to whom it is directed. but it is even worse for you because these thoughts rebound mainly upon yourself. A mind occupied by evil thoughts acts as a magnet to attract like thoughts and thus you are the one who more directly suffer from it. Evil thoughts are thrown into the mental atmosphere poison the mental environment.\nThoughts are very contagious. Thought moves. It leaves the soul and hovers about. It enters the minds of others also. A sympathetic thought in you raises a sympathetic thought in others with whom you come in contact. A thought of anger produces a similar vibration in those who surround an angry man. Cheerful thoughts produce cheerful thoughts in others. Thoughts of joy create sympathetically thoughts of joy in others", "What advantages does the new product life-cycle management system provide to GEIS according to Reed", "What are the available inseams for the pants described in the text", "What is 'The Easter Experience' and how does it aim to impact participants during Easter", "r. Not perfect, but it does place greater responsibility directly on to the journalists.\nNewcastle upon Tyne\n\u2022 There is an easy solution to statutory regulation. The government only has to use its \"highly successful\" police and crime commissioner election model. The public is deemed fit to decide who polices the police. Why don't we vote for who guards the guardians.\nNewhaven, East Sussex", "What modifications were made to the BMW M3 race car regarding its braking system, and what were the specific benefits of using Rotora brakes", "What trend is observed regarding famous women and their earnings in relationships", "What are some flavor elements mentioned in the red blend described in the text", "What is one specific typeface mentioned in the text that is described as a decorative display typeface", "gend and is one of the chillest guys I have ever talked to about the subject (he came and gave a lecture to one of my classes at Green Mountain College). Also check out the Honey Gardens in Ferrisburgh. That guy applies his products in a therapeutic kind of way ( Im looking at a jar right now that says \"apitherapy\".\nGood luck and welcome to Vermont!\nJoined: Apr 07, 2011\nThank you so much, foundsailor! I just looked at Kirk Webster's webpage was immensely pleased and surprised to find that he is a treatment-free beekeeper. I don't treat my bees here and they are doing fine, but from what I read on the VT agriculture site it seemed like that would not be an option in VT. Now I'm inspired and looking forward to getting in touch with Kirk Webster", "of Thanksgiving like woah.* It\u2019s got all the components: tons and tons of bright, tart, very red berry, a hint of clove and allspice, the barest hint of cinnamon, something reminiscent of orange peel. It\u2019s backed up by a hint of vanilla (read: oak), a touch of rose petal and a bit of strawberry and red raspberry. The mouthfeel is soft and luscious and medium-bodied.\nSo this is pretty much the consummate red blend that\u2019s uber-popular right now. It\u2019s bright and fruit-forward, slightly (but not overly) sweet, has very soft tannins, and is possessed of the requisite (sorry, y\u2019all) annoying name.**\n*I missed Thanksgiving last year due to a badly-timed massive stomach bug, the details of which I won\u2019t share here. So thinking of Thanksgiving makes me alternately really happy (because it\u2019s my favorite holiday ever) and slightly sad (because I missed stuffing my facehole with stuffing last year and I still have 8 months to wait before the next Thanksgiving facehole-stuffing extravaganza).\n**I\u2019m not kidding. Red Blends have some positively nonsensical names: Apothic, Hey Mambo, Rex Goliath Free Range Red, and (I wish I were kidding) Yellowtail Sweet Red Roo (y\u2019all, my head about exploded. That said, the label resembles a bright red disco ball, and I am totally on board with that). I never thought I\u2019d love Blackstone for anything, but the fact that they\u2019ve named their red blend nothing more than \u201cRed Blend\u201d makes me adore them right now", "ordination or notan, light/dark shape relationships. Since this was small I decided to paint more thickly than I usually do, pushing the paint around.\nOil on hardboard\n5\" X 7\"", "Where does the author source most of their furniture and decor for their apartment", "What was Jay Bennett's age when he passed away", "ipment and a Dionex Liquid Chromatography System.\nWe welcome expressions of interest for all projects. Find out more about sample submission and fees.\nInformation on our mass spectrometry, liquid chromatagraphy and robotic equipment.\nPlease contact us to discuss any new or ongoing projects.\nDr Pierre Faou\nPhone +61 3 9479 2402\nThe technique of mass spectrometry has become an indispensable tool for biochemists. It allows for the discovery and quantitation of proteins at extremely high sensitivity, such as in target discovery for therapeutic and diagnostic applications", "What factors does the author consider when determining the appropriate brake setup for their car", "Who is mentioned as a therapeutic beekeeper in the text", "What type of research facility does La Trobe provide and what equipment does it offer access to", "be freed and their personal safety protected. You can contact the Bangladesh embassy in the US here. AAI's letter to the US embassy is below:\nDear Ambassador Qader\nI am writing to express my serious concern at the arrest of four atheist bloggers in Bangladesh - Subrata Adhikari Shuvo, Mashiur Rahman Biplob, Rasel Parvez and Asif Mohiuddin. As I expect you are aware, these arrests follow the murder of blogger Ahmed Rajib Haider in February.\nBangladesh has a responsibility to protect the freedom and safety of its citizens. These men have been arrested for nothing more than expressing their lack of religious belief. Whether you agree with their views or not, they are citizens of your country and human beings. The deserve the basic human rights of self expression and personal safety, no matter who agrees or disagrees with them. I urge you to act to free these men immediately and work to ensure that Bangladesh is a country where people can be free to be religious or not as they choose, without fear for their personal safety.\nAAI has released a media statement on this issue, which you may read at its website, atheistalliance.org.\nCarlos A. Diaz\nAtheist Alliance International\nWill you help AAI reach more people by translating this article into a language other than English? If so, thank you! Please click here for a translation form.\nAbout Atheist Alliance International\nAtheist Alliance International (AAI) is a global alliance of atheist/freethought groups and individuals, committed to educating its members and the public about atheism, secularism and related issues.\nAtheist Alliance International's vision is a secular world where public policy, scientific inquiry and education are not influenced by religious beliefs, but based upon sound reasoning, rationality and evidence. Atheist Alliance International's mission is to challenge and confront religious faith, to strengthen global atheism by promoting the growth and interaction of atheist/freethought organisations around the world and to undertake international educational and advocacy projects.\nCarlos A. Diaz\nPresident, Atheist Alliance International\nt: +54 9 11 5061 4091\nlanguages: English, Spanish, French, German, Portuguese", "Location: Highway 7 & Jane St\nDeveloper: CentreCourt Developments\nPrices: 2 bedroom suites from the low $400,000s\nEstimated Completion: 2020\nWelcome to Transit City Condos\nWelcome to Transit City Condos by CentreCourt Developments, the first phase in SmartREIT\u2019s ambitious 100-acre SmartCentres Place development that is set to redefine Vaughan\u2019s downtown area.\nTransit City will be next door to a Viva bus terminal, which will be connected by a tunnel to the new Vaughan Metropolitan Centre subway station, the northernmost stop of the new Toronto-York Spadina Subway Extension set to open in 2017.\nWe could list all the places that will be within easy reach of Transit City, but there are too many to mention. Instead, let\u2019s just take a look at the new TTC map to understand how amazingly connected this building will be:\nCurrently in the pre-construction phase, the 55-storey condo tower will redefine condo living, in addition to being one of the most connected buildings in the entire GTA. In the words of Don Schmitt, principal from Diamond Schmitt Architects, it is \u201cthe first transit-friendly, pedestrian-oriented, urban community in the 905 district\u201d.\nTransit City Condos phase one will boast 553 suites, which the developer says will be bigger than average condo sizes in Toronto. In addition to more square footage, each suite will", "What abilities or options are available to users upon creating an account", "What should a user do if they don't have a My Oracle Support account while trying to access enrollment or reset pages", "What can you adjust using an OpenType savvy program to create a different mood in font designs", "What did Mrs. Plager advise her boys regarding their future careers", "4, 2013 20:14\nNeed a gift for a gifted musician?\nThe SoundCloud Premium accounts also come as virtual gifts and it takes only two minutes to get one. Head over to our Gift page and check out the different Premium accounts starting at only \u20ac29 per year", "Forbidden\" When Attempting to Access the Enrollment or Reset Pages in Password Reset\nSign In with your My Oracle Support account\nDon't have a My Oracle Support account? Click to get started\nMillion Knowledge Articles and hundreds of Community platforms", "What did the author cherish more than new furniture", "Ukelele isn't the easiest word in the world to spell, even if the Guiness Book of Records does consider it to be the easiest instrument in the world to play. Officially, and in the rest of this website, it is spelt with 2 U's, and 2 E's. Not an obvious thing! So, if you've been out trolling for 'ukelele lessons' or information about ukeleles, you would miss most of the information in the world. That's why this page is here - so you can find a ukelele school, or a ukelele teacher, or facts about ukeleles, or ukelele chords, or ukelele lessons. On this page only, we will spell it as 'ukelele'. Your first lesson is this - spell it right, you'll find 10 times more information about it.\nIf you spell it right, and plug it into a search engine, you get about a million responses. The most popular misspelling, 'ukelele', returns about a hundred thousan", "Font Bros is your source for unique display fonts!\nBrowse our library of over 5,000 one-of-a-kind typefaces to find\nthe perfect font you\u2019ve been looking for! Check out the Design Kits or take\na look at our Merchandise.\nLoudine is a striking decorative display typeface, great", "GE Industrial Systems (GEIS) is implementing a major product life-cycle management project that it hopes will reduce product development time, improve supply chain efficiency and cut costs.\nBy submitting your email address, you agree to receive emails regarding relevant topic offers from TechTarget and its partners. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Contact TechTarget at 275 Grove Street, Newton, MA.\nThe General Electric subsidiary said it is using product life-cycle management technology from MatrixOne to develop a collaborative environment for planning, development, sourcing and programme management.\nWhen the project is fully implemented in about two years, more than 10,000 GEIS employees worldwide will be able to log onto a central portal site to collaborate on a variety of activities.\n\"There are several business issues that we are trying to address,\" said Eric Reed, manager of the My Workplace portal site at GEIS.\nCentralising the millions of documents associated with", "What technology is GE Industrial Systems using for their product life-cycle management project", "What additional resources are available along with the 'Easter Experience Small Group DVD' to aid in small group spiritual growth", "What is the correct spelling of the word for the easiest instrument to play, according to the Guiness Book of Records", "What is the purpose of the Coupon Gal Facebook Page mentioned in the text", "I love the buttery taste and the crunchiness of the coarse sugar and cornmeal in this tart.\n- 1/2 cup butter, softened\n- 1/2 cup brown sugar\n- 1 large egg\n- 1/2 teaspoon coconut extract..use whatever flavor you like with the jam you are using\n- 1 1/4 cups flour\n- 1/2 teaspoon salt\n- 2 teaspoons baking powder\n- 1/2 cup cornmeal\n- 1 cup jam\n- coarse sugar for topping the tart\n- Mix butter and sugar till combined. Stir in the egg and coconut extract.\n- In another bowl whisk together the dry ingredients, except for the coarse sugar.\n- Add dry ingredients to the butter mixture just until it comes together, don't over mix.\n- Separate dough, form a", "view full screen\nBi-Stretch Bootcut Pant\nOut of Stock\nClean-tailored pants made with an ultra-comfortable bi-stretch cotton twill that retains its shape wear after wear. 94% Cotton, 6% Spandex. Machine wash, cold; tumble dry low. Imported.\n- Our universal fit. Eased through the hip and thigh, sits just below the waist", "Hello! My name's Luise and I've been permaculturing for over two years now. I'm a PDC graduate, currently working on my diploma and turning my little garden into a permaculture paradise.\nI've been living in Germany and happily beekeeping there, using Warr\u00e9's methods. Now I'm moving to VT and I'd love to get to know some natural beekeepers in VT or neighbouring states. Anyone out there?\nHave a great day! Luise\nPlease move this topic if this part of the forum is not ideal for it - maybe beekeepers tend to mingle more in the critter care section?\nJoined: May 26, 2010\nI'm not sure where in VT you'll be- but I keep bees in top bar hives here.\nJoined: Apr 19, 2011\nLocation: Wetern Central Vermont\nTotally check out Kirk Webster. Hes a bee keeping le", "Created on Thursday, 04 April 2013 19:54\nImage: Asif Mohiuddin. Source: The Daily Star\nLinks to this page in languages other than English:\nZa \u010dlanak na hrvatskom pritisnite ovdje\nDiese Seite auf Deutsch\nAtheist Alliance International (AAI) urges global governments to petition the government of Bangladesh to immediately release bloggers who have been arrested for allegedly \"hurting religious sentiments\u201d and, further, to demand that the state take resolute steps to protect atheists and religious minorities from real and pressing threats of violence. On 2 April, police arrested Subrata Adhikari Shuvo, Mashiur Rahman Biplob and Rasel Parvez. The following day, authorities detained blogger Asif Mohiuddin, a writer who was attacked on 13 January by militant Islamists. The attack on Asif was followed a month later by the violent murder of blogger Ahmed Rajib Haider.\n\u201cThat a government will arrest people for exercising free speech and expression when those people are themselves under threat from religiously-inspired criminals is a tremendous injustice and an outrage to humanity,\u201d said AAI President Carlos A. Diaz. \"This is contrary to basic human rights and Bangladesh's own constitution.\" The arrests of the bloggers, three of whom were paraded in handcuffs at a press conference on 2 April, came after pressure from Islamists, who have organised a march to the capital on the weekend of 6/7 April to demand the death penalty for atheist bloggers. \u201cThat the government has caved-in to a violent sectarian movement, by arrests and shutting of websites, does not bode well for the country\u2019s future,\u201d Diaz said. \u201cThe state should act to ensure a vibrant civil society by protecting free expression, especially the expression of minority viewpoints.\u201d\nAAI calls on the international community, concerned individuals and organisations to take a firm stand in supporting freedom of expression and freedom of conscience. Religious tolerance and pluralism are strongest when freedom of expression, including freedom to challenge religious viewpoints, is protected for all peoples.\nPlease contact the Bangladesh Embassy in your country to express your outrage at this situation and call for the bloggers to", "10 Celebrity Women Who Earn More Than Their Men\nvia jessicasimpsonphotos.netFor what seems like forever, men have stereotypically been the big family breadwinners. In many cases, it\u2019s been considered the norm for dad to go off to work each morning while mom stays at home and takes care of the kids and tends to the home.\nBut times are changing, and an increasing number of women are reaching financial parit", "tening.\nPolice said a number of other people who were in the house at the time were left shocked but uninjured.\nSinn F\u00e9in councillor, Colman Burns, said: \u201cThose responsible for this attack must outline their rationale for doing this and what they hoped to achieve.\n\u201cThe community in south Armagh is appalled at this incident and I would urge anyone with information to present it to the authorities.\u201d", "d. That's a remarkably common misspelling, and I'm not even sure if I consider it a misspelling or an 'alternative' spelling. The other spellings, like 'ukalele', 'ukolele', and 'ukilele' do exist, but I wonder if they only exist for the reason that they exist here - so that people who have an erroneous idea of how to spell the word can somehow find information about the instrument.\nIf you found this page searching for information about ukeleles, then, well, Welcome to UkeSchool.com! We have some fine interactive ukelele lessons, a ukelele tuner at the top of every page, lots of great songs arranged for the ukelele, a whole section devoted to playing your ukelele for your baby, and then handing the ukelele to the baby so that she can play with it.\nI don't care how you spell it. You'll just find more, better stuff if you...\nspell it with a \"U\"!", "The media appears more agitated at legal oversight through an open judicial process than about unaccountable interference by owners, as in the effective sacking of the Times editor by Rupert Murdoch (Report, 13 December). I suggest an alternative scheme to enhance press freedom. Take the power to appoint editors away from the press barons and devolve it to journalists to elect their edito", "What features and purposes does the new 3,821 square-foot Gator Room offer for the football program", "e the vehicle. In the vast majority of cases, the safest action is to stay inside the vehicle until the local electric utility is on the scene to assure the lines are de-energized.\nTEACHERS!-There is supplementary material to go along with this video. Included in the classroom material are lesson materials which include a one-page key point summary and several pages of extensive Q/A for instructor use. To request a copy of the DVD and supplementary materials please contact you local utility. For a complete listing of all the Safe Electricity utility members click here.", "What types of enforcement actions are mentioned in the text regarding rural property and highway speeders", "Last updated on OCTOBER 01, 2014\nApplies to:Oracle Enterprise Single Sign-On Suite - Version 10.1.4.1 to 10.1.4.1 [Release 10gR3]\nInformation in this document applies to any platform.\nReviewed for currency on 01-Oct-2014\nResolve HTTP Error 403 \"Access", "What types of improvements or services might be considered as government-related topics for discussion on Valentine's Day", "HOBOKEN -- Mayor Dawn Zimmer said she is \"saddened\" to see Maxwell's,close and pulled out all the stops to save the \"indie-rock mecca\" on Washington Street that had its heyday in the 80s and 90s.\nThe restaurant, bar and night club is set to close its doors when the lease is up at the end of July, according to an article by the Star-Ledger.\nCo-owner Todd Abramson of the club and restaurant told the Star-Ledger that several factors played in his decision not to renew the lease at 1039 Washington St.\nAmong them are a changing bar culture in Hoboken that looks to \"giant TVs\" rather than a traditional bar/restaurant with live music for entertainment, \"difficulties of trying to run a business\" in Hoboken and to a lesser extent problems with parking,\n\"When I first heard that Maxwell's might close, I made it a priority to do everything we could to help them stay open,\" Zimmer said in a statement. \"While I'm saddened to see it go, I understand that things change and Todd and his team did everything they could to make it work. I wish Todd and the entire Maxwell's team the best of\nluck in the fut", "s by sheriff\u2019s deputies for your rural property?\nA crackdown by the DPS on speeders on a highway you use all the time?\nGo ahead, fire away. If you have a comment on this or any other editorial topic, post it below now", "Polish-born Chicago boxer Andrew Golota will plead not guilty at a court date July 19 to charges of unlawful possession of 12 guns, his lawyer said Friday. \"There are two sides to every story, and we look forward to a full exploration of the most recent allegations against Andrew,\" Matthew P. Walsh II said. Golota, 38, was released from police custody", "What was the nature of Jay Bennett's relationship with Wilco leader Jeff Tweedy", "ok you love in our latest lookbooks. Join the party on social media and get the lowdown on all things dressing up with our exclusive etiquette guides.", "corps.\nSo where do we look?\nA really nice summary of teams and their cap situations here and a few things jumped out at me.\nThe Oilers have gone back to being young - the third youngest team after San Jose and Columbus from what I can see. Of course this includes Schremp on the roster.\nJersey, even with the rumours that they are going to try and hide Mogilny and Malakhov on the IR to resolve their salary situation, are still in big cap trouble. Problem is the guy I like, Rafalski, has an expensive number on his contract and I'm not sure if Matvichuk or Lukowich add much more then what we have.\nSo, why the Plager brothers up above? Because while the Blues may have, in some estimations (Lowetide again and Mudcrutch as well) have had a nice summer, I think they aren't even close to being back. And they have a lot of age up front - Weight, Guerin, Tkachuk and Drake. Only Detroit, Jersey and Dallas are older.\nAnd they have three young Dmen - Brewer, Backman and Jackman.\nCould we pry either of the latter two away for a young forward or two? Would Torres fit the bill? Or someone else?\nMaybe a fit?\nPosted by Black Dog at 2:12 PM", "What concerns does Atheist Alliance International express in their letter regarding the arrests of bloggers in Bangladesh", "the products GEIS builds, and making the repository accessible from anywhere via the portal, will give the company greater flexibility in where it designs and builds systems, Reed said. Eventually, the environment will also be linked with suppliers, he added.\nReturn on investment will come through faster product development times and greater efficiency, Reed said. He declined to say what the savings would be. The product life-cycle management system will allow GEIS to work closer with its suppliers, which can then be more directly involved in the product development process.\nThe project has involved migrating nearly 15 million product-related documents from legacy systems into the MatrixOne environment. Meeting the specialised document management requirements of the engineering community was especially challenging, as was getting user buy-in during the early stages when there was little immediate benefit to demonstrate, Reed said.\nGEIS declined to disclose the cost of this project.", "What is the primary goal of the internal funding opportunities administered by the Research Support Services Committee at Lawrence Technological University", "What official remix by Snoop Lion was premiered on Thissongissick.com", "DETECTIVES are investigating after a man was shot in both legs on Tuesday evening.\nThe attack happened in the village of Cullyhanna, south Armagh.\nThe PSNI say a gang of men entered a house in the village around 7.30 pm and shot the man who is in his 40s.\nHe was taken to hospital by ambulance where he is being treated for gunshot injuries to his legs.\nHowever, they are not thought to be life-threa", "Why is Mayor Dawn Zimmer saddened about Maxwell's closing", "What version of Oracle Enterprise Single Sign-On Suite does the information in the document apply to", "Paint yourself into the story and transform Easter into a truly life-changing experience.\nOnce you experience the story of Easter, absolutely everything in your life changes.\n\"The Easter Experience\" is a unique, DVD-driven study which brings the passion and resurrection of Jesus to life through dramatic storytelling and challenging teaching. The participant's guide to \"The Easter Experi", "with a modern bootcut leg.\n- Pieced tab waistband with two rhodium-finish buttons and anchor button. Zip front. Belt loops. Trimmed Continental front pockets. Hip darts in back. Welt back pockets; logo plaque.\n- Unlined. Satin-piped waistband facing.\n- Inseams: regular 33\", short 30.5\", long 35\".\nRead more\u2026 Read less", "What is Andrew Golota's legal representation planning in response to the charges against him", "What did the client express interest in requesting help with", "What does the client say they are not searching for"]}