{"q_indices": [39, 45, 76, 99, 4, 15, 123, 6, 35, 18, 116, 59, 106, 93, 86, 14, 83, 95, 11, 96, 107, 110, 64, 122, 73, 58, 3, 65, 17, 48, 87, 16, 127, 124, 44, 66, 13, 119, 5, 22, 21, 92, 62, 112, 114, 20, 89, 8, 1, 34, 50, 71, 29, 101, 85, 61, 102, 104, 24, 38, 7, 125, 126, 94], "a_indices": [55, 81, 78, 19, 2, 90, 97, 103, 118, 70, 9, 60, 57, 27, 80, 36, 100, 25, 121, 84, 12, 26, 52, 56, 67, 28, 74, 63, 82, 41, 115, 37, 23, 32, 10, 98, 54, 53, 30, 31, 49, 72, 91, 79, 51, 120, 77, 47, 69, 40, 0, 46, 117, 33, 88, 68, 111, 43, 109, 75, 42, 105, 113, 108], "texts": ["Let's say you've settled on buying either a handcrafted wooden rocking chair from a local craftsman or a plush armchair from a furniture store in the mall with your winnings. How does each fare on sustainability?\nTo start the life cycle analysis of this furniture, look at the different materials that went into these pieces. It's best if the materials are locally sourced, but there are some other things to look for. If the piece is made of wood, then you'll want to check that the wood was approved by the Forest Stewardship Council, which certifies wood that meets environmental guidelines. Any fabrics should be organic materials such as cotton, wool or hemp, and metal should be recycled. Because some furniture finishes are high in volatile organic compounds (VOCs) that give off harmful air pollutants, look for paints, foams and glues that are certified as low-VOC. Mass-produced pieces are more likely to release VOCs thanks to things like formaldehyde and foam cushions doused with chemical flame retardants; that's strike one for that plush armchair.\nThe main differences in these pieces are how and where they were made. Work by hand takes less energy than a mass production assembly line, provided that the craftsman works to reduce his waste effectively. A lot of energy also can go into shipping a piece of furniture. Because more mass production is being sourced to Asian countries, that chair might have already racked up quite the carbon footprint in its journey to the mall. Instead, you'll want to look for furniture that is manufactured nearby, using local materials when possible. Unless you have an energy-efficient manufacturing plant down the road, the handcrafted rocking chair from the local craftsman definitely comes out ahead in this round.\nAnd the last step in the life cycle", "What is the suicide rate among those treated for depression in an inpatient setting, and how does substance abuse affect suicidal thoughts in individuals with depression", "Attain the best Driver Mechanic: 5 Lifetime Licenses discounts from the innovators of Software bargains, FreeSoftwareDiscounts.com. If your trying to find a bargain on Beijing Tianyu Software Development Services Ltd Invensys products, look no further than FreeSoftwareDiscounts.com for the best Driver Mechanic: 5 Lifetime Licenses Discounts. Beijing Tianyu Software Development Services Ltd Invensys gives us with the largest discounts & voucher codes so we can share major bargains directly to you.\nDriver Mechanic downloads and updates your", "What benefits do businesses gain by outsourcing the management of their POS estate to Mellon POS Managed Services", "What type of discounts does FreeSoftwareDiscounts.com offer for Driver Mechanic products", "What options are proposed to make your evening special after the ceremony in Paris", "What can readers find in the sidebar regarding the Feast Day", "What arguments do Americans for Prosperity present against federal tax breaks for wind power in their response to critics", "What is the main focus of the podcast mentioned in the text segment", "PRICE REDUCTION!! GREEN SPACE ABOUNDS on this Beautifully Landscaped 1/2 ~ Acre lot!!! This spaciously renovated colonial home has a large main level with a first floor Master Bedroom and exterior stone masonry accents as well as a Bay Window to allow even more light. The interior is designed with understated elegance and approximately 3,000 sq.ft. of gracious living on 2-Levels! T", "New Delhi, Aug 21 (IANS) Not lovin\u2019 it, say Delhi\u2019s foodies. Students, professionals and even the retired patrons of McDonald\u2019s on Monday expressed sadness and disappointment over the upcoming shutdown of its 169 outlets across north and east India, including the remaining dozen in the capital.\nThe US firm earlier in the day announced termination of the franchisee agreement between its India arm McDonald\u2019s India Private Ltd (MIPL) and Vikram Bakshi-headed Connaught Plaza Restaurants Ltd (CPRL), effectively shutting down all 169 McDonald\u2019s outlets in northern and eastern India after a fortnight.\nMcDonald\u2019s India said it was scouting for a new partner to re-establish a profitable business in the region but the uncertainty about when new outlets would carry over made people blue.\n\u201cThey are saying that within fortnight these existing outlets will disappear. Will McDonald\u2019s be able to find a new partner in a span of 15 days? I don\u2019t think so. It\u2019s sad that they are closing down,\u201d a student from Indraprastha University told IANS.\nAnkita Vazirani from Janakpuri said: \u201cShutting down of Mcdonald\u2019s outlets due to license issue was shocking for all the burger lovers.\u201d\nShe found it peculiar that the global food chain was closing down its outlets due to non-renewal of mandatory health regulatory license and a legal battle.\n\u201cI still see some hope in the commitment by Mcdonald\u2019s of signing a new partner. It will not happen soon of course but eventually, things would be settled,\u201d she said.\n\u201cThey would not like to bear such a heavy loss in the Indian market.\u201d\nThose affected by the announcement are mostly students as they place trust in the fast food chain for its ambience, quality and reasonable prices.\n\u201cWe come to McD (McDonald\u2019s) to chill. At times, we work on our projects alongside burgers and cold drinks. The best part", "What is the historical significance of Timely comics in the development of American comic books", "Tydskrif vir Letterkunde\nPrint version ISSN 0041-476X\nAJIBADE, George Olusola. Endogenous and exogenous factors in national development: inferences from the metaphor of witchcraft (\u00c0j\u00e9) in \u1eccl\u00e1t\u00fab\u00f2s\u00fan \u1eccl\u00e1d\u00e0p\u00f2's poetry. Tydskr. letterkd. [online]. 2011, vol.48, n.1, pp. 167-183. ISSN 0041-476X.\nThis work engages political commentary in the work of \u1eccl\u00e1t\u00fabs\u00fan Ol\u00e1d\u00e0p, a Yor\u00f9b\u00e1 poet. Its focus is on the way that political ideas and values that are rooted in Nigerian culture can inspire development. The study is an exegesis of a poem entitled Emi lo \u00f3 m\u00e1a f\u00e0j r\u1eb9 s\u1eb9? (\"What will you do with your own witchcraft?). The reading explores the multilayered paradoxes and metaphors", "What is the salary range for Employment Lawyers jobs in Manchester according to the text", "What is the benefit of joining VickyAtHome.com according to the text", "What are the main features of Driver Mechanic that help users manage their Windows device drivers", "What does the three-story pink building share with the older two-story structure in the Faber complex", "What is the delivery timeframe for products to Sydney", "What topic related to PowerPoint presentations is discussed in the text segment", "Fair Trade. Fair Trade supports sustainable development for excluded and disadvantaged producers by ensuring that the artisans making the products are paid living wages.\nAt Seven Hopes United, we believe that above all else, our business should be based on respect:\n- Respectful of ourselves and our own personal commitment to integrity.\n- Respectful of basic human rights and the dignity and worth of all people.\n- Respectful to our environment by reducing our carbon footprint, and promoting a sustainable lifestyle.\n- Respectful of our commitment to invest in disadvantaged communities, and provide a living wage to our employees and producers.\nWhy We Support Local Artists\nSeven Hopes United primarily offers fair trade merchandise, but we also feature products made by local artisans. How does this fit into our philosophy?\nOur mission is to empower communities around the world, including communities here in the U.S. as well as in developing countries. We are Seven Hopes United, 7 continents united by the hope of fair wages, working conditions, and a prosperous future for our families. When asking a mother from any part of the world what she wishes most for her children, the answer may come in many different forms of language, but they will all say the same thing. She wishes for an education for her children, that they will be healthy, and go on to live happy and successful lives.\nOur local artisan pieces are chosen with a purpose. Every product and artisan has a story - perhaps their craft was learned from their mother, who learned from her mother, who learned from her mother. Or maybe the artist was chosen because they are devoted to using recycled materials in their products. Whatever the story may be, each product is made by hand, by real people, and your purchases help support them in their craft.\nBy shopping at Seven Hopes United, you become an essential piece in enriching the lives of thousands of artisans and their families worldwide. Every purchase through Seven Hopes United induces change - here's how:\n- Provides economic stability and a living wage for disadvantaged producers throughout Asia, Africa, Latin America, and the Middle East\n- Provides work for victims of human trafficking in India, Cambodia, and Bangladesh\n- Provides healthcare, school fees, and community buildings to weavers in Southern Sudan\n- Protects sea turtles on beaches near Kenya's Kiunga Marine National Reserve\n- Supports orphanged Rwandan youth affected by AIDS & genocide\n- and more...\nOur Recycling Program\nSeven Hopes United is committed to reducing our carbon footprint, and promoting a sustainable lifestyle. Because of this, we purchase as little packaging materials as possible; we reuse almost all packaging material that is shipped to us. So when you receive a package from us, please do not expect a brand new cardboard box. Instead, expect a re-used box. And if you see styrofoam peanuts or bubble wrap inside, know that we are simply reusing them and doing our best to keep this material from entering the wastestream by recycling it.", "What are the main objectives of the training course organized by Sichuan University and the University of Warsaw", "What types of beverages can be served in the ivory long drink glass", "What options are available for dining experiences to explore Paris at night", "Nowadays we are absolutely spoilt for choice when it comes to ways to communicate at work: voice call, video call, text, messaging apps, email, social networks, internal online messaging system or if you\u2019re feeling brave, actually talking to someone in person!\nThe choices are numerous and they\u2019re only set to multiply in the near future. Each method of communication has its own distinct advantages and disadvantages, so most people use a mix of all of them.\nThere is no doubting that the two most effective ways are also the most tried and tested: phone and email. Which you choose largely depends on two factors: the type of industry you work in and whether you were born before or after 1980. Millennials are more confident using email, while employees of previous generations tend to prefer more traditional means, such as phone or face-to-face communication.\nHowever, each means of communication has its own nuances and at times can be more appropriate. It is crucial to know when each is most appropriate, as constraining yourself to one or the other can cost you time and money.\nSo, when is it best to pick up the phone and talk to someone?\nWhen you want to be clear - the greatest advantage of picking up the phone to speak to someone versus sending an email is that you have a much better chance of properly interpreting what they mean and vice versa. Sarcasm, for example, does not translate well via email and so it\u2019s often necessary to hear someone\u2019s tone to properly understand their mood and then respond accordingly. If you require absolute clarity from someone on what they want, it\u2019s best to give them a call, so you can discuss the topic openly.\nWhen you want to be direct - if you require an instant yes or no response to something then phone is always your best bet. This is the most efficient way to resolve issues that would drag on unnecessarily if communicated via email. The one downside of this is that instant responses are rarely the most thoroughly considered.\nIf you want privacy -it\u2019s sensible to phone someone when you wish to have an informal, undocumented conversation. You might be throwing around loose figures with a client which you or they don\u2019t want quoted verbatim further down the line, or discussing an employee\u2019s salary or promotion prospects. These are the occasions when phoning is best.\nWhen you want fluency - it\u2019s a lot easier to talk someone through a document over the telephone than it is to explain via email.", "What does the author refer to as the 'dance' in couples, and how does it relate to their interactions", "nk sharing (which is cool to a point) and complaining about businesses (which is handy \u2013 to a point), people they don\u2019t know in person (we called that gossiping 15 years ago) and television (okay, that\u2019s fun.)\nFacebook on the other hand would be cool to 20 year old me. I mean, think of it, being in college, as Zuckerburg originated it, and being able to have everyone\u2019s business in full view. Well, we had this in the 2000s, as I\u2019ve mentioned on here before \u2013 LiveJournal. That got to be a pain. You let dramatic people have access to so much personal info that it just leads to chaos. That\u2019s why it was so hard for a lot of us to bother with Facebook \u2013 we were use to going online and being fairly anonymous.\nNow we\u2019re us. We can tell everyone where we worked, what our family looks like, where we went over the weekend and where we\u2019re going on vacation. Nothing\u2019s a secret anymore. So being 20 year old me who had to figure out Smashing Pumpkins lyrics by listening to the songs would have the whole wide world of music at the click of a link.\nWait, don\u2019t I have to explain links to 20 year old me first?\nI\u2019ll also have to explain why I am electro girl too", "of witchcraft in the poem, concluding that the God-given abilities and capabilities possessed by Nigerians should be the bases for solving their national problems as the nation needs leaders of a vision and mission. The poet maintains that the Nigerian political leaders have a critical role to play in changing the fortune of the nation by leading by example. In addition, the poet opines that the single factor that explains the national economic stagnation is the lack of integrity and public spiritedness among the political leaders, illustrated through his metaphor of witchcraft\nKeywords : Metaphor; Ol\u00e1 t\u00fab\u00f2s\u00fan Ol\u00e1d\u00e0p (b. 1943); Yor\u00f9b\u00e1 poetry; Yor\u00f9b\u00e1 witchcraft (\u00c0j)", "!\nAye Aye Captain\nChoose your Pirate Code Captain, each with their own fearsome battle ability, from Vasco De Gama\u2019s lethal fireball, Billy\u2019s mighty energy wave, Hattori\u2019s cunning invisibility shield, and Catalina\u2019s fearsome frost arrow! Choosing the right captain and create a strategic advantage on the ocean wave!\nChoose from one of twelve powerful battleships to take into the fray from the dreaded Obsidian and the swift Dragon Boat to the mighty Flying Dutchman. Each ship has different attributes, designed to give you the edge over the competition.\nPrepare for battle with enhanced armour, cannons or torpedoes before taking to the high seas in intense ship-to-ship combat.\n\u2022Take part in five versus five, on-line, naval battles on an epic scale\n\u2022Choose one of twelve mighty ships into battle from the dreaded Obsidian, the swift Dragon Boat to the mighty Flying Dutchman\n\u2022Choose from one of ten seafaring captains each with their own powerful ability; Vasco De Gama\u2019s lethal fireball, Billiy\u2019s mighty energy wave, Hattori\u2019s cunning invisibility shield, and Catalina\u2019s fearsome frost arrow!\n\u2022Different combinations of captain, skill and ship allow you to deploy multiple strategies to conquer the high seas!\n\u2022Prepare for battle with enhanced armour, cannons or torpedoes before taking to the high seas\n\u2022Join a fleet and battle for collective glory, or play on your own as a lone shark!\n\u2022Unleash all manner of attacks on the enemy fleet from frost beams, shark attacks, and fireballs or be more strategic with healing and invisibility skills\n\u2022Complete a series of maritime missions and win precious gold!\n\u2022Dominate one of three maps to claim victory\n*Adjusted Escort balance.\n*Fleet name can be changed now.\n*Optimized loading game progress.\n*Fixed bugs and crash issues.\nWe hope pirates around the world love these improvements but please keep telling us what you want to see more of.\nTags: Pirate Code - PVP Battles at Sea APK, Pirate Code - PVP Battles at Sea APK MOD, Pirate Code - PVP Battles at Sea Cheat, Pirate Code - PVP Battles at Sea Hack, Pirate Code - PVP Battles at Sea Hack Android, Pirate Code - PVP Battles at Sea Hack iosgods, Pirate Code - PVP Battles at Sea Hack No Survey, Pirate Code - PVP Battles at Sea resources generator\nUploaded June 07, 2018 13:34\nFilesize 48.0 MB\nDeveloper BabyBus Kids Games\nUploaded March 23, 2019 10:48\nFilesize 48.1 MB\nDeveloper Tokyo Art\nUploaded February 16, 2019 17:43\nFilesize 47.7 MB\nUploaded February 28, 2019 17:54\nFilesize 18.7 MB\nDeveloper Appindia Technologies\nUploaded July 26, 2018 18:53\nFilesize 19.9 MB\nUploaded July 08, 2018 10:35\nFilesize 53.1 MB\nDeveloper Wang Yinyin\nUploaded August 04, 2018 00:34\nFilesize 14.6 MB\nDeveloper Asobimo, Inc.\nUploaded January 18, 2019 00:01\nFilesize 19.6 MB\nDeveloper Artik Games\nUploaded March 08, 2019 05:40\nFilesize 87.5 MB\nCopyright\u00a9 2017 Game Quotes", "n about things to do and see around the Bloomsbury campus\nProperty listings search for students who have accepted at the Bloomsbury campus\nIf you\u2019d like to find other University of Law students to privately rent with, or you have a spare room in your house/flat share, why not join our Housemate Hub Facebook group to chat and make living arrangements with fellow students? Find us on Facebook \u2013 search groups for \u2018Official University of Law Group \u2013 Housemate Hub\u2019.\nSports & Social life\nBloomsbury\u2019s wide range of student-run sports and social events reflect the diversity of the centre. At the beginning of your course, you can elect to run a society, club or event of your choice \u2013 or simply join one.\nCurrent activities range from the intellectually stimulating, fun, or sheer physical and include:\n- Street dance\n- Lawyer in Visual Entertainment\n- Amnesty International\n- Balls and parties.\nA range of parties and balls are also organised for Bloomsbury and Moorgate students throughout the year by a former University of Law student, including a Freshers\u2019 party, Holly and Mistletoe party and end of year ball.", "What happened to the author over the weekend before posting the blog", "In addition to our packages, we propose options to make your evening special after the ceremony, enjoying Paris according to your desires.\nHydrate and take care of your face\nTo relax in a modern and confortable hammam\nEnjoy one hour session of body massage\nEnjoy boat trip and relax in the Bois de Boulogne\nYou will have a spectacular sight on Paris from a balloon\nHave a romantic shooting by night in the city of light!\nA fashion professional advice you to adopt a parisian style\nA lifestyle service company in the Grands Magasins\nYou will have shopping at the famous", "Galleries Lafayette\nYou have dinner on a houseboat to discover the heart of Paris at night and its most beautiful old quarters\nWe will reserve for you a classical Brasserie in the center of Paris\nIn Summertime, enjoy a dinner in a Guinguette, a popular drinking establishment on the edges of the Seine and the Marne\nDance while visiting Paris by night, in a discobus or a boat!\nHave a dinner on the top of Eiffel tower with splendid view on Paris\nSpend an excellent evening in a famous French cabaret\nWe provide any advice if you want to visit any other place in France", "Phoning someone to discuss allows for constant interjections and clarification of certain points, whereas discussing a particularly complex matter via email can lead to a seemingly never-ending thread.\nWhen you want to build rapport - phoning someone is absolutely the best way to introduce yourself, second only to meeting them in person. If you wish to convey a sincere and authentic message then it is always best to pick up the phone.\nSo, when is it best to send an email to someone?\nWhen you want to be non-invasive - it\u2019s not always convenient to speak to someone on the phone, as you might be interrupting their busy schedule. Unless you confirm all of your calls with the other person beforehand, email is the best means of sending and receiving non-urgent communications. This is particularly true if you\u2019re communicating with clients and colleagues across the globe, who might not appreciate a 3am call.\nWhen you want to be universal - emails, unlike phones, can be answered anywhere and you do not need to make arrangements for sending and receiving them which is a big advantage considering so many of us are expected to be \u2018on call\u2019 around the clock. Plus, you can include so many more people when you email rather than call.\nWhen you want to be thorough - if you want a thorough and considered response to your questions, then email is your best bet. 65% of us are visual learners, so when tackling complex issues, it\u2019s always best to set it out in structured document form.\nWhen you want things documented - unlike phone calls, emails are documented until you delete them. This allows you to refer back and reference previous email conversations with a mere few clicks, plus it ensures no one forgets something. Always use email to discuss matters that involve numbers; especially if those numbers are preceded by a pound sign.\nWhen you want things to be easily interpretable - no matter what language or accent the other person speaks or has, if what they\u2019re saying is written in text then you\u2019re going to be able to interpret it, which is so important in our increasing global economy.\nSo, how do you decide which is best?\nBefore contacting someone, you need to ask yourself some questions to help decide upon the more appropriate channel of communication:\nWhy are you contacting them?\nWhat is their current schedule likely to be?\nWhat is their current mood likely to be?\nWhat sort of relationship do you have with them?\nWhat do you need from them", "mainly, not nearly as bad as Friday. Really, it just was lame to be sick when I was on a trip.\nHowever, a big shout-out to Michelle and Co. and the Loose clan--if I couldn't be home when I was sick, at least I was surrounded by people who made me comfortable and catered to my invalid needs. Thanks :)\nI'm hoping to feel more up to scratch tomorrow. Today I'm taking it easy, eating light, and watching season 7 of Gilmore Girls. Being sick is lame", "What is the first step that must be taken for someone struggling with addiction and depression before effective treatment can begin", "What can be achieved with 3D PowerPoint presentation templates mentioned in the text", "thing that anyone wants to talk about. I myself am on the Board almost every day and have posted about 5,000 times. Benny is a graphics guy who can put your likeness into just about anything\u2026.. so, come and join the crew of girls, guys and the occasional couple who post on the board! It is where the true friends and fans hang out. It is of course FREE with MEMBERSHIP to VICKYATHOME.COM.", "(the three story pink building at the left center of the photo above, and at the far left in the photo below). While this building is not the most distinctive or historic in the Faber complex, it shares a lot with an older two-story structure that is very characteristic of the Eberhard Faber buildings. That building (seen at the far left in the photo above) has the characteristic pedimented cornice with a yellow terra-cotta star at the center of the parapet, a motif that is also seen at 59 Kent Street in the photo below).", "What is the main role of a counselor in helping couples communicate better", "What can be added to a cap to create a stylish look", "g addiction and depression, the person must undergo detox first. Without it, symptoms and the underlying, specific causes of the person\u2019s depression cannot be fully understood and therefore, treated effectively. Once the drug dependence is broken, the depression can be addressed, and a custom-made treatment plan can follow.\nGet Help Now\nIf you or a loved one are struggling with Depression, or a co-occurring substance abuse issue, please contact our admissions team today for a free and confidential assessment.", "lease enter your email address to receive stock alerts for this product:\n- Cellar 2 - 3 years (2011-2012)\n- ABV 13.6%\n- Closure: Screw Cap\nAlmost opaque black purple colour with black purple hue. Lifted nose of vanilla, blackberry, blood plum and spice. The palate lacks the intensity of the WM Shiraz delivering light blackberry and plum flavours. Fine grained tannins. Aftertaste of blackberry and plum. A Commercial style.\nCellar 2-3 years (2011-2012", "Even though Americans for Prosperity has a diverse donor base of over 90,000, our left-leaning critics usually focus on only two of them. Organizations like the Union of Concerned Scientists and the American Wind Energy Alliance used ad-hominem attacks as a political tactic to distract from the economic facts in its latest hit piece in The Hill by Elliott Negin. Looking past Negin's empty rhetoric, the consistent failures of federal tax breaks for wind power and the overwhelming grassroots opposition to extending them are clear.\nThe reality is that American taxpayers have seen very little return on their forced investment over the past 20 years. The industry remains woefully dependent on federal tax breaks, state purchase mandates, and wishful thinking. It routinely fails to produce long-term job creation and threatens the reliability of the energy grid. Compared to other forms of energy technology, wind power receives the highest amount of subsidy per amount of electricity produced. Looking at Energy Information Administration data, government support per megawatt hour for natural gas, oil, and coal is 64 cents; nuclear $3.14; wind $56.29. Only solar power has the dubious distinction of being a greater recipient of U", "to additional tools and resources. Readers can easily share the file by email, print individual pages or the entire document, and use the \u201cfind/search\u201d feature to search the toolkit by keyword.\nThe DBHIDS Peer Support Toolkit is an essential resource for agencies requiring assistance in any phase of the introduction of peer services and for the improvement of existing peer support services.\nThis resource was selected by SMI Adviser content partners and approved by the SMI Adviser clinical expert team for inclusion in the knowledge base.\nDBHIDS Peer Support Toolkit (City of Philadelphia- Department of Behavioral Health and Intellectual disability Services (DBHIDS), 2017", "What reasons contributed to the shutdown of McDonald's outlets in north and east India", "What is the minimum quantity order for leather patches", "analysis -- how can the piece be used after you're done with it? Can it be recycled into another product, is it biodegradable or will it sit in a landfill? Furniture accounted for more than 18 million pounds (6.2 million kilograms) of waste in 2006, the most of any durable good [source: The Press-Enterprise]. And while organizations such as Earth911 and Freecycle will help your mass-produced chair find a new home, it's more earth-friendly to see your furniture as an heirloom, not a disposable commodity. Handcrafted furniture tends to last longer, so you may be buying less furniture overall than if you purchased a couch that only has a few years of life in it. Another point awarded to the rocking chair.\nUltimately, the rocking chair wins this sustainability contest. It was made locally with renewable wood, and it will far outlast the stuffed armchair. Another advantage you have when buying handcrafted pieces is the ability to talk with the craftsman directly about some of these life cycle issues. It's unlikely that a salesperson in the mall would have the answers, but the SFC certification could eventually help consumers make more informed decisions.\nBut sustainable furniture doesn't come cheap; there's usually a premium of about 20 to 30 percent over mass-produced furniture [source: Hasek]. Great, you may think -- this lottery money won't last forever, and I won't always have the dough to spend on sustainable handcrafted furniture. A mass-produced couch just may fit my budget better. Well, consumer interest and demand may be one reason why the big guys haven't gone green yet. Until the masses show interest in sustainable furniture, there's no incentive for manufacturers to adjust their practices.\nTo learn more about sustainability in home design, see the links on the next page.", "things coming from these guys and this podcast.\nThe primary focus of this podcast is my early entrepreneurial experience creating a startup in my early 20\u2019s and then focusing on my daily routines and methods. Most of which are stolen from other peak performers like Tim Ferris, Jocko Willink, Joe Rogan etc.\nIf you enjoy it or even if you don\u2019t, if you make it to the end of it, drop me a line and let me know what you think! Thanks", "What are the tasting notes and evaluation details for the wine described in the text", "IVORY LONG DRINK 460 ml, Set of 6\n- Volume ( 460 ml & 16 oz )\n- Premium quality soda-lime glass.\n- Used for to serve water, juice, soft drink, smoothies, beer, and other iced beverages\n- Long drink glass or collins glass\n- Series IVORY\n- Premium and high", "What factors should be considered in the life cycle analysis of furniture to evaluate sustainability", "SCU-UW \u201cBelt and Road\u201d Youth Leadership Training Course Launched\nMarch 13th witnessed the kicking off of SCU-UW \u201cBelt and Road\u201d Youth Leadership Training Course. Ms. Katarzyna, Consul-general of Consulate General of the Republic of Poland in Chengdu, Lukasz Zamecki, Deputy Dean of Faculty of Political Science and International Studies of University of Warsaw, and Yan Shijing, Vice President of Sichuan University, attended and addressed the opening ceremony. The ceremony was attended by 23 leaders (of faculties) and teacher representatives from University of Warsaw, the leaders of relevant departments of Sichuan University, as well as the student representatives of the two universities.\nVice President Yan Shijing remarked in the opening ceremony his strong belief that, under the joint support of Chinese and Poland governments, and with the concerted efforts of both universities, the SCU-UW \u201cOne Belt & One Road\u201d Youth Leadership Training Program is bound to be pushed forward smoothly; it will make contributions to the development of China and Poland, and serve as a new milestone for the cooperation in higher education of both countries.\nConsul general Katarzyna highly praised China\u2019s \u201cOne Belt and One Road\u201d strategy, as well as the friendly cooperation relationship between Sichuan University and University of Warsaw. She indicated that China and Poland had enjoyed friendly relations for 68 years, the \u201cBelt and Road\" Strategy initiated by China is also critical to Poland. Propelled by this strategic initiative, China-Poland relations, as well as China-EU relations enjoy further development. She hopes that the training course could deepen the friendship and cooperation between Sichuan University and the University of Warsaw, so as to play a desired role in promoting the ties between the two countries to a higher level.\nDeputy Dean Lukasz Zamecki expressed their appreciation t", "Green Spirit weed is a well respected hybrid cross of two highly regarded medical strains; Big Bud and Skunk #1. As can be expected of any strain that has Big Bud in its lineage, this is a huge producing and consistent weed strain that is popular with medical users due to its long lasting affects that don\u2019t knock you out.\nGreen Spirit cannabis has a delicate aroma that is slightly skunky, while the light smoke encompasses hints of hash. The buzz is a bit of creeper, taking 20 to 25 minutes to kick in with a clear headed buzz that lasts for a couple of hours. Medically, this strain is suitable to a large number of ailments including, migraine, pain relief, anxiety, and stress amongst others.\nGreen Spirit seeds grow to a medium height and benefit from a prolonged vegetative growth period, which allows them to put down a strong routing system. The plants grow with a high bud to leaf ratio and once in flower, bud growth is explosive, growing tight and dense with an attractive layer of resin. THC levels are measured in the medium range.\nGreen spirit weed is better", "is is a great opportunity to join a highly regarded and entrepreneurial Top 100 law firm.\nEmployment Solicitor - Tier 1 Manchester Firm\nA well regarded Legal 500 ranked national law firm in Manchester is seeking an employment solicitor (claimant) at senior associate level to join. ..", "Employment Lawyers \u00a360,000 - \u00a369,999 jobs in Manchester\nBroaden your search\nRefine your search\nFound 3 Recruitment Consultant jobs\nThis Legal 500 accredited firm prides their success on providing pragmatic and quality legal advice to their wide range of clients nationwide. This we\nTh", "Create a stylish, trendy look by adding a leather patch to your cap. Your logo will look great imprinted on one of our five available patches. Please click on the gallery images", "suited to an indoor growing environment getting good results using either SOG or SCROG growing methods. It responds well to a CO\u00ac2 rich environment in a hydroponic set up, where it can produce incredible yields of 600+ grams per square meter. The flowering time is short at only 8 to 9 weeks.\nAlthough, they\u2019re not ideal for growing outdoors, Green Spirit seeds will still produce an incredible yield if planted somewhere with a climate on par with the Mediterranean. It is better off in the hands of experienced growers who can expect to harvest in the first week of November.\nGreen Spirit weed may not be the most potent cannabis on the market, but its high is still strong and lasts for a couple of hours. It is also one of the largest producers on the markets, developed with consistently large yields in mind. Combine this with a short flowering time, and you have a fantastic strain for medical or commercial growers.\nIndoor, or outdoors in a Mediterranean climate\n|THC Level: |\n|Flowering Time: |\n8 \u2013 9 weeks\n|Plant Type: |\nBig Bud x Skunk\n600 + gm2\n|Grow Difficulty: |", "Do you wish to accept an lots of elements onto your Action Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea game app specify free? Can\u2019t wait around in future! Try out many of our simplest Action Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea Resources generator. You will definitely be perfect with these Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea Action Cheat Generator Tool, you will getgood full advantage very natural and fast! Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea Action Hack Tool operates straight from the internet browser, without turning into recognized. And not having todownload, setup anything on your appliance, without worrying abouthazard of virus. Specifically use our Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea Resources generator and therefore you will be very fully satisfied.\nThis Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea Online hack tool that most of us will likely reveal with you may help youon different methods. By usingthis cheat trick, it is possible you can recieve lots of Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea gaming app assets gratis. You are sure to never have to have a lack of Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea gaming app resources to make use ofin gaming action. This present could mean that you possess an advantage to several other gamers since youcan just actually purchase game assets everytime youwant. Having this, you will havemore Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea game experience resources in the game.\nPirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea Generate resources would be the most fascinating online program for cell phones announced todayby our community! Enter our On-line Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea Cheat trick Illimitable, Free of cost and start up to obtain Plenty of resources in you your game account. Online generator, as always, is on Android, microsoft windows and iOS Phone. We decided they would make Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea Cheat trick after watching playing the game instantly. This Action game is definitely astonishing! Our scripter they begun the job throughout the cell phones in helping understand about goals considering the clients. It absolutelyis an extraordinary program, we could definitelyself trustful the fact that the whole Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea gaming app cheat there is no doubt that you willland to your how it tastes. Check thePirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea hack and revel in the on-line game at the best level now! Our Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea online generator tool operates besides Smartphonedevices. You don\u201dt musthave root or jailbreak to utiliseour Action Pirate Code \u2013 PVP Battles at Sea hack.\nTake to the high seas in full scale PvP naval warfare, with fast paced conflicts packed with ship-to-ship seaborne action. Choose to play as a lone wolf, or join a fleet and take part in epic ten player skirmishes at sea. Choose a captain armed with unique firepower, board a powerful battleship and dominate the high seas", "What options are available for students at the Bloomsbury campus to get involved in sports and social events", "What type of garage does the home have", "here is also a HUGE 2-car garage which allows plenty of storage. All this close to ALL the major conveniences. Home is ready for you to move in as soon with a fast moving settlement.\nSearch powered by\n\u00a9 Bright MLS. All rights reserved.\nListings provided by Bright MLS from various brokers who participate in IDX (Internet Data Exchange). Information deemed reliable but not guaranteed", "What previous roles did Lee Sewrey have before managing the Caring for Carers service", "Who is set to direct and produce the Hot Wheels movie", "you to deliver service excellence at all times.\nProject Management & Support\nOur specialized technical support and software teams are capable to support all types of POS terminals, independent of manufacturer, to ensure that any projects, new software roll outs or upgrade programmes are delivered in a professional manner and to agreed timescales and deliverables.\nRepair and Refurbishment\nOur technical support facilities have readily available spare parts and consumables as well as replacement terminals, to ensure that there is minimum interruption for the merchant and no additional cost to you.\nWith a strong in-house team and an extensive network of trusted partners, Mellon is able to provide delivery, installation and collection services along regular reports to ensure our customers always know where their assets are and that they obtain an optimum cost of ownership.\nMellon\u2019s storage, configuration and dispatch facilities are securely controlled to meet PCI regulations. Each product is individually customised prior to shipping to merchant premises and tracked through to receipt", "What medicinal ailments is Green Spirit weed suitable for", "What type of support does Mellon provide for POS terminals", "What do customers miss most about McDonald's after many outlets were shut down", "University of London Bloomsbury\nSituated in the heart of London, The University of Law London Bloomsbury is our largest centre and is close to London\u2019s major legal hubs.\nGetting to the London Bloomsbury centre\nThe University of Law\n14 Store Street\nBy public transport\nThere is no car parking available on site so we highly recommend you use public transport. Access to timetables and routes are available from the Transport for London (TFL) website.\nBy London Underground\nThe nearest underground stations are Goodge Street (Northern Line) and Tottenham Court Road (Central & Northern Line).\nBicycles can be hired and collected from any one of London\u2019s 700 docking stations. The nearest Santander Cycle Hire docking station is Alfred Place. To find a docking station, enter your location details into the find a docking station tool.\nUse the embedded map or click through to the larger map for directions by car.\nAccommodation for students\nThe University of Law has an online accommodation portal for all students. Lawstudentpad provides:\nHelpful advice on choosing a property to rent in Bloomsbury\nUseful informatio", "lification in Leadership and Management and is trained as a Level 2 Group Exercise Instructor. Larissa also holds a Level 2 Royal Society of Public Health certificate in healthier foods and special diets.\nLee Sewrey, Caring for Carers Manager - an innovative partnership between Improving Lives Plymouth, Age UK Plymouth and Crossroads Care, Lee started his career in a supporting role in a residential care setting before moving to use his skills as a trainer and facilitator in the field of education where he taught adults with learning disabilities and worked as a Further Education Manager. A role then followed with SCOPE, the national charity charged with promoting equal opportunities for disabled people in the UK. He progressed his interest in the learning disability sector with a move to Improving Lives Plymouth to manage the Better Futures Service. Career advancement and the opportunity to work in the private sector took him to Hampshire, where he managed a high dependency CQC-registered residential home. He then relocated to Plymouth in 2012 to develop the new Caring for Carers service.\nNikki Hornsby, Better Futures Manager, Nikki originally trained in Hotel and Catering Management. She worked in this profession for over 15 years, initially in HM Naval base as a catering supervisor and trainer, then with Devon County Council as an assistant contract manager overseeing 40 school meal operations.\nStarting a family led to a career change working in customer services as part of a quality monitoring team then joining Improving Lives Plymouth in 2005 to support adults with Learning disabilities, becoming the service manager in 2010.\nShe is a qualified life coach, has an HND in management and a Level 3 award in Leadership and Management.\nNikki has been with Improving Lives Plymouth for over 10 years.\nChris Burnett, Operations Manager, Chris came to Improving Lives Plymouth searching for a volunteering opportunity within Plymouth and from that became one of our volunteers. He brings management experience from both the public and private sector.\nChris has been part of the Improving Lives Plymouth team since 2012; he has supported volunteers and organisations with all aspects of volunteering which include matching volunteers to a suitable role to working with organisations assisting them with the development of high quality volunteer programmes. Chris has managed the Volunteer Connections service and moved to Operations Manager in June 2018.\nJulie Williams, Sensory Solutions Manager, prior to working for Sensory Solutions Julie has a careers in the travel industry. Since 2002 she has worked as a part time resource worker, Sensory Solutions Worker and since January 2019 the Manager fo Sensory Solutions.", "Types of Depression\nCommon Symptoms of Depression\nWhat are the risks of resulting drug abuse?\nGovernment surveys indicate that for those treated for depression in an inpatient setting, the rate of death by suicide is four percent. For a person with depression who is already experiencing suicidal thoughts, adding in a substance which further impairs their ability to make rational decisions exponentially increases their risk of attempting suicide.\nIf a person presents in a clinical setting with co-occurring dru", "ntbackground powerpoint 3dinternet icons with idea bulb powerpoint template slidepreparing a powerpoint presentationresume 44 new prezi templates hd wallpaper s prezi templates0914 business plan 3d world globe with location pins asia andworking with powerpointmake your powerpoint presentations pop with charts graphics andslides in powerpoint presentationwordpress page 2 of 275 just another wordpress sitebackground powerpoint 3d3d presentation powerpointtheme for powerpoint presentation download0914 business plan 3d world globe with location pins asia and\nHere you are at our site, contentabove 3d powerpoint presentation templates published by admin. Today we\u2019re pleased to declare that we have found an awfullyinteresting topicto be pointed out, namely 3d powerpoint presentation templates Many people trying to find information about and certainly one of them is you, is not it", "What are the advantages of choosing handcrafted furniture over mass-produced furniture in terms of sustainability", "quality glassware for all types of bars, restaurants, hotels, and home use with exceptional clarity, focusing on creative design, durability, practical and effortlessly stylish.\n- Capacity: 460 ml (16 oz)\n- Contains 6 pieces in a case.\n- Weight: 6 x 240 g", "What options are available for getting to the University of Law London Bloomsbury by public transport", "Mellon POS Managed Services\nMellon POS Managed Services leverage the combined knowledge of more than 30 customer installations across CESEE to bring unparalleled expertise and industry knowledge.\nBy outsourcing the management of your POS estate to Mellon, you benefit from a dedicated team of experts working within a Service Level Agreement (SLA) to deliver real customer value and secure protection.\nWe are focused not just on delivering an efficient day-to-day operation, by continuously measuring both the quality of the products in the field and our effectiveness in resolving problems quickly and efficiently. Our record in that respect is excellent, which translates to less disruption for the terminal holder, a reduced need to swap problematic terminals and increased customer satisfaction.\nHelp Desk Support\nOur help desk support services are available 24/7 365 days a year, with experienced staff, based in-house. We provide a first class service to both your merchants and to your operational and sales teams by ensuring that we understand your business and work in partnership with", "nd body language, becomes positive, and they start dancing together, then they will be able to figure out the details of what music to play. As a counselor, it is my job to help a couple learn to change their dance, and begin communicating with each other in a positive and respectful way. This starts with learning to listen to each other. Sometimes a couple really lacks communication skills, but at other times they feel that using their good communication skills should be limited to work situations or to friends. I\u2019ve met successful sales people whose job requires them to listen to their customers, but when they get home to their spouse, they drop all those \u201cwork\u201d skills. Your partner deserves more, never less, respect and positive listening than does your boss, customers, and friends. Stop and remember who is (or should be) first in your life", "What is the main mission of Seven Hopes United in relation to global artisans", "Recently I was fortunate enough to be asked to appear on an up and coming podcast \u201cThe First Million.\u201d Not sure if I deserve to be a guest but I had a great time doing it. The guys starting this podcast up were awesome to talk to and did a killer job as hosts.\nIf you have a minute check out the podcast and also follow them on social media. Even if you don\u2019t enjoy listening to me ramble on for an hour give them a follow, I see big", "Our Reason for Being\nWhat if you could help end poverty in the world by shopping? Seven Hopes United believes that consumers have the power to make a difference by supporting sustainable and fair business practices in their everyday purchases.\nOur dream is to help empower and enrich the lives of communities worldwide by providing a means to a living wage for thousands of disadvantaged artisans and their families.\nSeven Hopes United specializes in marketing stylish, handmade, fair trade and eco-friendly gifts from around the globe. Your purchase of fair trade products ensures that our artisans are paid a living wage for their work, working conditions are safe, and no children are exploited. We are committed to promoting a sustainable lifestyle. We strive to source products that use recycled and natural materials through a traditional handmade process.\nEach product is hand-picked by our buyers with our conscientious customers in mind. Our products are sourced from small-scale artisans who are passionate about quality design. Our gifts are curated because they either make us laugh, or touch our hearts.\nThe inspiration for our name, Seven Hopes United, comes from hope. The 7 of Seven Hopes United, represents the seven continents of the world. The idea of Seven Hopes United is that as consumers we would recognize how our purchases affect people of the world.\nWithout fair trade, producers of disadvantaged nations work for minimal wages and are unable to provide basic human needs for their families. Our hope, as Seven Hopes United, is that we would unite as one nation to take on our mission of creating a globally conscious fair trade market that enriches the lives of communities worldwide.\nOur logo represents the villages we are able to support through Seven Hopes United. The houses reflect the style of homes in Costa Rica and Nicaragua, where the idea for Seven Hopes United was born. The colors represent the hope of a bright future for disadvantaged producers and their families through your patronage.\nWhy is Fair Trade Important?\nAs consumers demand more and more cheap consumer goods, more factories are being built in developing countries to produce those goods. As we all know, many of the products we use every day are produced under poor working conditions in China. Due to the lack of opportunities in rural villages of China or other parts of the developing world, many people have left their small, traditional communities to move to large cities or factory towns in search of this kind of work. A plethora of problems stem from this migration of people to cities for factory work:\n- Often these workers are not fairly compensated for their labor, and are unable to support their families\n- Workers often face dangerous working conditions, long hours, and few or no days off to rest\n- When work is scarce or wages are low, women are often coerced or forced into the sex trade, and become victims of human trafficking\nHow Fair Trade Can Help\nSeven Hopes United supports a trading partnership based on the guiding principles of", "as varied as Columbia, Warner Bros. and most recently Legendary Pictures. The latter is still onboard the project, which is currently out to writers. We\u2019d heard rumors that there was a writer\u2019s room staffed for the project, but all that may be out the window now that Lin is onboard. Alex Garcia is overseeing the project for Legendary.\nLin most recently helmed this summer\u2019s Star Trek Beyond, which was a hit with fans and critics but disappointed at the worldwide box office, becoming the lowest-grossing of Paramount\u2019s franchise reboot trilogy.\n(Photo Credit: WENN.com", "Vickyathome Member Monopoly!\nI have the best members in the world! A big thanks to Benny on my Members Only Board who created this\u2026.. Vickyathome Monopoly. Each of the cards is a reference to some of the people who post regularly and often on the Best Damn Members Only Board on any Paysite around. Think I am kidding? There are over 26,000 posts on over 1600 topics\u2026 on everything and any", "to view details of each patch.\nAdd $8.00(A) to embroidered price.\nMinimum quantity order for leather patches is 96 pieces. Contact Customer Service for current production time.", "Spend $200 & get free delivery to most of Australia\nClick here for all Australian freight rates\n- Melbourne 1-2 working days\n- Sydney 2-3 working days\n- Brisbane 3-4 working days\n- Adelaide 4-5 working days\n- Perth 5-10 working days\nFor express service, call 1800 069 295 for a quote.\nInternational deliveries click here We cannot ship to all countries.\nThere are currently no reviews for this product.\n2006 Wanted Man Shiraz\nSubscribe to stock alerts\nP", "What personal experiences does the author recall related to early internet tools like GeoCities and AOL when considering the concept of social networking and blogging", "ry of the famous looney tunes characters throughout their comic productions. Dc comics looney tunes wiki fandom powered by wikia. Crumb, harvey kurtzman, alan moore, stan lee, will eisner, fredric wertham, roy lichtenstein, art spiegelman, and more. Discuss everything about looney tunes comics wiki fandom.\nUp until 1962, these comics were published by dell publishing, followed by gold key comics until 1984. For the first time ever, the inspiring, infuriating, and utterly insane story of comics, graphic novels, and manga is presented in fourcolor glory. Read this book and over 1 million others with a kindle unlimited membership. Kane cocreated the modernday versions of the superheroes green lantern and the atom for dc comics, and cocreated iron fist with roy thomas for marvel comics. Dell comics was the comic book publishing arm of dell publishing, which got its start in pulp magazines. Comics come in many forms, from all around the world. They are the handheld, take anywhere books filled with superheroes, classic stories, or adult dramas. Fred and ryan conclude their tour of the history of our favorite medium by looking at the birth of the direct retailing market and how it influenced comics creation.\nThis classic material is presented in fourcolor glory for the first time. In 1990 and 1993, dc comics published two threeissue comic book series entitled bugs bunny, followed by a longrunning comic book in 1994 that continues to run today, although the majority of these new issues have less new stories than. This edit will also create new pages on comic vine for. During this era, called the golden age of comic books, timely was the umbrella name for the comics division of pulp magazine publisher martin goodman, whose business strategy involved having a multitude of corporate entities including red circle comics all producing. Many famous superhero characters were created for the comic books published by dc, including superman, batman, wonder woman, flash, green lantern, aquaman and the justice league. Some of them originally sold for ten cents, but now go for millions. Read comic book history of comics comic online free and high quality. Comic books reflect 80 years of american history, culture. In november 2006, allstar dc was launched with allstar superman. All about books and comics may be gone as a brickandmortar store, but it lives on as an online mailorder business, and we still have a million comics to sell. Comic book comics, the sixissue miniseries by fred van lente and ryan dunlavey.\nOct 18, 2012 last weeks release of sean howes marvel comics. Originally titled looney tunes and merrie melodies comics for the first 165 issues, the name was shortened to just looney tunes in 1955. The company was founded by bud plant, robert beerbohm, and john barrett. Also in 2007, dc entered the webcomic market with zuda comics. Its the only wiki that is devoted to the looney tunes comics on the whole internet.\nThe comic book history of comics by fred van lente and ryan. Engaging as well as informative, tunes traces the rise of rock and roll through the format of comics. Its an interesting concept, presenting the history of comics in comic form, but sadly let down by the execution. Timely comics is the 1940s comicbook publishing company that would evolve into marvel comics. Comic collector live buy, sell, organize comic books. Oct 26, 2010 engaging as well as informative, tunes traces the rise of rock and roll through the format of comics. See more ideas about comics, comic book covers and comic books. In 1988, another batman story line made comic history. Bugs bunny dell silver age comics 19561969 for sale ebay. What better way to discover them than through a comic book. When new books are released, well charge your default payment method for the lowest price available during the preorder period. Comic book history of comics by fred van lente goodreads.\nWhat else could we call this final tale but the truck stops here. The untold story was a reminder of the many wonderful prose books dedicated to the history of the comic book industry out there, telling the. Even though many fans reject and grow sick of these gimmicks, companies still use them to draw revenue mainly from the new readers. First off, i cant say im much of a comic geek, so my grounds for evaluating the history part are shaky. All in all, i was expecting the comic book history of comics to be better. We have been collecting comics for 40 years and love to share our love for them as well as frustration with the creators behind them sometime. Find great deals on ebay for dell looney tunes comic book. After 2000, the internet started being a thing and theres endless sources of comic book information about internetage comics. Marvel comics started this trend, but shortly afterwards all the other comic companies started doing the same thing. Cover for looney tunes and merrie melodies comics dell, 1941 series old comic. Welcome to the main page of our massive public domain comic book archive. The bestselling, mindblowing graphic history of our favorite medium continuesnow focusing on specific regions of the world and their contributions to the comic book art form.\nLooney tunes has been adapted into comics since 1941. Visitors of our website may download free comics featuring their favorite characters. The fullcolor history of funny books moves into the 1980s. Kindle ebooks can be read on any device with the free kindle app. The hidden history of the monkees in comics posted by dan greenfield on apr 8, 2017 1 comment in the latest heroagogo. In comics that doesnt mean feathered hair and bad sweaters, but the fight for creators rights, highlighted by jack king kirbys attempt to liberate his artwork and the british invasion spearheaded by moore, gibbons, gaiman and morrison. Im also tagging interesting little factoids like how many times thing busts through a floor and all major supercharacters but not side characters like mary jane or aunt may. Be the first to ask a question about comic book history of comics. In may 2007, dc launched a line for young women called minx. It is widely considered to be both the beginning of the superhero.1275 1200 488 329 1133 1366 436 307 493 1323 720 1554 1315 761 497 1409 314 1515 143 836 597 355 1027 185 209 476 1220 1414 366 336 1100 100 176 1460 759 891 1397 404 1367 39 12 62 1173 2", "What roles have the individuals mentioned in the text held at Improving Lives Plymouth", "What is Vickyathome Monopoly and who created it", "What was recently issued for a portion of the Eberhard Faber pencil factory site", "George Plenderleith, Chief Executive, George joined Improving Lives Plymouth in 1983 after completing a Certificate in Social Work at Plymouth Polytechnic. Previous to this he was a Navigation Officer in the Merchant Navy for 8 years. He started at Improving Lives Plymouth as the Development Officer for Disability Services for 13 years before becoming the Chief Executive in 1997.\nHe has a wealth of voluntary sector experience and has developed a range of new services for Improving Lives Plymouth. He has also been instrumental in helping set up a number of services supporting individuals and organisations in the city with other organisations.\nClaire Hill, Assistant Chief Executive, Claire\u2019s interest in the voluntary sector and volunteering experience started during her degree, 20 years ago, where she volunteered for four different voluntary sector organisations. She then started her career in education as a Sociology and Psychology lecturer before joining Improving Lives Plymouth in 2004 as a Volunteering Training Development Manager. In 2005 she progressed to become the Volunteer Connections Manager leading them in their first NCVO Volunteer Connections Quality Accreditation in 2006 and introducing web base volunteer brokerage and establishing their volunteering good practice offer to organisations. She became Improving Lives Plymouths Assistant Chief Executive in 2013 and works with all Improving Lives Plymouth service areas.\nBeverley Evans, Information & Advice Manager, Beverley joined Improving Lives Plymouth in February 2013. She has worked both in the public sector, for the Department of Employment and in the private sector in the Insurance industry.\nPrior to joining Improving Lives Plymouth, she worked in various posts in the local authority, managing Care Direct, First Stop at the Civic Centre and more recently in Adult Social Care, working in the Adult and Older Persons Specialist Mental Health Teams.\nBeverley has also spent time as a Naval Reservist and a Special Constable, and for the past 18 years has been a volunteer for Woodside Animal Welfare Trust.\nLarissa Milden, Active for All Manager, Larissa joined the Improving Lives Plymouth team in 2011. Larissa has several years' experience of working within the voluntary and community sector. Previous to joining Improving Lives Plymouth, she worked for the environmental conservation charity the British Trust for conservation Volunteers (BTCV). During her time at BTCV Larissa project managed nature reserve regeneration projects across the city, as well as delivering city-wide and county-wide volunteering projects for the national youth volunteering charity 'vinvolved' and the Department of Work and Pensions. Larissa holds a level 3 ILM qua", "What is the name of the podcast that the author appeared on", "Windows device drivers. Fix driver problems and stop BSOD with Driver Mechanic!\nDriver Mechanic takes the hassle out of adding or updating Windows devices. Driver updates from most manufacturers are provided at no cost, but they're often difficult to locate and match to your device. Driver Mechanic locates updates for your devices automatically, backs up your drivers for quick reinstall, and automatically notifies you when new updates are released for your drivers, bringing true convenience to keeping your devices up-to-date. Try it now!", "Hot Wheels movie scores Fast & Furious director Justin Lin\nAccording to The Hollywood Reporter, the long-gestating Hot Wheels movie has just gotten a jump start with the hiring of filmmaker Justin Lin (the Fast & Furious franchise, Star Trek Beyond), who is slated to both direct and produce via his Perfect Storm Entertainment.\nA film based on the classic Mattel toy car line has been in development since 2003, and has seen the likes of McG (Terminator Salvation) and Simon Crane (second unit director on Rogue One: A Star Wars Story) jockeying to direct for companies", "What are the characteristics of the glassware mentioned in the text segment", "What are some of the unique abilities of the ten seafaring captains available in Pirate Code", "What does Stone v. Jetmar Properties, LLC highlight about the formation and filing of corporate entities in Minnesota law", "What were the author's thoughts on the challenges of sharing personal information on social media compared to their experience with LiveJournal in the 2000s", "What year did collecting of Looney Tunes comics began, and who initially published them", "Arundel & Brighton Latin Mass Society\n06 January 2014\n...there will be a Mass at 7.00pm at Le", "about McD is the atmosphere as the staff is cooperative,\u201d said 24-year-old Neetu Verma.\nMuskan Anwar, a first year student from Zakir Hussain College, shared her memories from when she was in school and how she and her friends would organise their birthday parties at the restaurant.\n\u201cI and my friends see McDonald\u2019s as the best option to hang out. I absolutely love the combination of McSpicy Paneer burger with the McFlurry\u2026 will miss these till the time new outlets are re-opened,\u201d she said.\nForty-three of the 55 McDonald\u2019s outlets in Delhi were shut down on June 29, due to a tussle between the north Indian franchisee and the global food giant.\n\u201cIt is everywhere\u2026 in every market, in every mall and other areas across the city. Rates are quite reasonable too,\u201d 21-year-old Antra Fuloria said, adding: \u201cI feel so sad when many outlets in the city are already shut.\u201d\nAnmol Agrawal, 22, said: \u201cMcD is our only hope in the end of every month when we wish to eat out. It can\u2019t just shut down like that.\u201d\n\u201cThere are no other outlets where we can find such amazing combos within our budget.\u201d\nFor 27-year-old Rajiv Giri, McDonald\u2019s has revolutionised the fast food industry. \u201cThere are very few fast food chains that can match the quality, taste and value for money which McDonald\u2019s delivers. As a patron, I will surely miss my regular soft serves and French fries,\u201d he said.\nFor P.N. Sidana, who retired years ago, the Connaught Place outlet holds many memories. He would visit the store with his friends to eat and chit-chat and said he loves their coffee and veg burgers the most.\n\u201cWe will miss the place. These outlets must reopen soon. Who takes up the franchisee is not our concern. Even if McD doesn\u2019t come back to the same spaces, we will be fine. Just that the quality should remain the same,\u201d said Sidana.\nPost Source: Ians feed", "What are the core principles that Seven Hopes United emphasizes in its fair trade practices", "The NaBloPoMo writing prompt for today was a bit dull for me so I decided to pick one from the prompt forum: Time travel has been invented. You have to go back 15 years and explain the concept of social networking and blogging to yourself.\nI distinctly remember using GeoCities after high school in 1994. I remember updating a personal webpage and being relieved when the \u201cweblog\u201d finally came about (thought it was supposed to be for news only). Everything was easier once we had a way of updating posts without going in and totally rejigging the front index page each and every time.\nSo explaining this to a twenty year old me would be all right, I guess. Granted the whole \u201ceveryone is online\u201d situation would be odd but really cool to 20 year old me. I remember back then having AOL was the \u201cin\u201d thing (even though I tried it and never liked its restrictive browsing capabilities\u201d). If I explained Twitter to myself I would explain that it\u2019s like one big, on-going, never-ending chat that includes celebrities that ignore your comments. Yeah, it really doesn\u2019t sound like that much fun in 1996 either, does it? Especially when a lot of people use it for li", "How did the person feel about being sick while on a trip", "What does the Peer Support Toolkit produced by the Philadelphia DBHIDS offer to behavioral health agencies", "wes, please see the sidebar for details.\nHappy Feast Day!\nPost a Comment\nPost Comments (Atom)", "What is the purpose of the DBHIDS Peer Support Toolkit", "ncle Sam\u2019s welfare, at $775.64 per megawatt hour.\nAmerican families continue to struggle in the down economy, yet each year the federal government sends $12 billion of taxpayers\u2019 hard-earned tax dollars to special interests in the wind energy industry. Congress should eliminate of these targeted incentives across the board in favor of a market-based energy policy. Allowing the wind production tax credit (PTC) to expire at the end of the year would be a great first step.\nDespite PTC\u2019s objectively poor performance and this strong opposition, lawmakers repeatedly extend and expand handouts for wind power. As the main tax break for wind energy, PTC was scheduled to expire this past December, but Congress slipped a one-year extension into the Fiscal Cliff deal.\nThankfully this year Congress is poised to break with the past. With the House of Representatives adjoined for the holidays and the Senate focused on nominations, it is unlikely that Congress will extend it before December 31. When they return to Washington in January, members of Congress should resist the temptation to pass a retroactive extension.\nHarbin Hanson is Federal Affairs Manager for Americans for Prosperity, a conservative political advocacy organization.", "What kind of game is depicted in the text segment and what specific functionalities does the cheat tool offer to players", "What is the central focus of George Olusola Ajibade's work regarding \u1eccl\u00e1t\u00f9b\u00f2s\u00fan \u1eccl\u00e1d\u00e0p\u00f2's poetry", "hat under Minnesota law \"deeds cannot be delivered to nonexistent entities.\" The court held out hope that the corporation-by-estoppel doctrine might nonetheless provide some relief, but given the unique circumstances of the case, which included fraud, declined to provide the requested relief.\nWhile certain limited exceptions exist, Stone v. Jetmar Properties, LLC serves as a reminder that in order to gain the advantages of conducting business through a corporate entity, the entity must be formally filed and established with the state before business operations begin. Putting the cart-before-the-horse only causes difficulties and can deprive parties of the benefits from business transactions that otherwise could be quite lucrative.\n Stone v. Jetmar Properties, LLC, A06-851 (Minn. Ct. App., June 12, 2007).", "Interaction between couples is what I refer to as the dance. The details of the fight are the music. The body language and unspoken conversation is the dance. Couples want to discuss the music and the conversation sounds like this:\nHe likes jazz, I can\u2019t stand jazz, I want to listen to country music instead.\nIt\u2019s always about her and country music. I never get to listen to my jazz. I have to sneak and hide to get what I want.\nHe hides and listens to jazz, which is why I can\u2019t trust him.\nBut I wouldn\u2019t do it if she only\u2026\nSee what I mean \u2026 the details are meaningless, and attempting to resolve the fight won\u2019t change the fact that they are stepping on each other\u2019s toes and dancing out of rhythm. That is why I don\u2019t care about the details of the fight, but rather, I\u2019m interested in how they are dancing together. Once the dance; the communication a", "What is the metaphor used by the poet to explain national economic stagnation in Nigeria", "The Peer Support Toolkit produced by the Philadelphia DBHIDS is an excellent resource for behavioral health agencies contemplating the introduction of peer support into their services. The Toolkit is an interactive document that presents information on the steps involved in preparing an organization and its\u2019 culture for the introduction of peer support services, and recruiting, hiring, retaining, and effectively deploying peer staff. The information is presented in brief reads, yet preserves your opportunity to delve deeper into a subject with just a click. This interactive format provides easy access to a step-by-step guide that includes promising practices and links", "Which pictures are involved in the project currently out to writers", "Form Your Company First and Then Buy the Property, or Risk Not Owning the Property.\nThe Court of Appeals recently clarified that a limited liability company attempting to purchase real property before the company had filed its articles of organization did not exist and therefore never came into title on the property in question--despite a recorded quit claim deed purporting to convey title to the company. Although Minnesota once followed the de facto corporation doctrine, the court held that doctrine has been abolished. The court reasoned that the process for incorporating is so simple that no one could ever make a colorable attempt to incorporate and fail. The same rationale applies whether the court is dealing with an alleged corporation or an alleged limited liability company. The court further held t", "Who attended the opening ceremony of the SCU-UW 'Belt and Road' Youth Leadership Training Course", "Demolition at Eberhard Faber\nView north on West Street towards Kent Street.\nRecently, the Department of Buildings issued a demolition permit for a portion of the historic Eberhard Faber pencil factory site. The permit covers a site that includes three buildings, all of which were once part of the pencil factory complex. It is not clear from the permit if the demolition is for all three buildings, or only one. In the past week or two, scaffolding has gone up around the building at the corner of Kent Street and West Street", "What features does the colonial home on the 1/2 acre lot have", "Ha I hope you're enjoying the slew of blog posts today; I don't promise this many a day on a regular basis, but I didn't blog much last week.\nAnyway, I've gotten a slow start today. Over the weekend (when I was in Utah) I got violently ill. No worries, all is well, but I did spend the last part of Friday and all day Saturday on the couch. Yesterday I felt mediocre enough to fly home, but today I'm still feeling a little under the weather. Achy", "3d powerpoint presentation templates energize powerpoint presentations power pointmicrosoft powerpoint presentation enhancing software and content including 3d transitions animation templates backgrounds flash graphics music tutorials software projectors s free stuff and much more.presenter media powerpoint templates 3d animations anddownload unlimited powerpoint templates presentation clipart and 3d animations create stunning powerpoint presentations and graphics.\nSo, if you\u2019d like to acquire all of these fantastic photos regarding 3d powerpoint presentation templates, simply click save button to save these images to your personal computer. These are all set for download, if you\u2019d prefer and want to get it, just click save badge on the article, and it\u2019ll be instantly saved in your pc.\n3d presentation powerpoint3d men with sad emotion ppt graphics icons powerpoint powerpoi", "What type of law firm is recruiting an employment solicitor in Manchester", "o SCU\u2019s warm reception in his speech, and he expects that the training course will harvest rich fruits and the students from both countries will have more communications and cooperation in the future.\nUniversity of Warsaw, listed in the Top 500 Universities of the world, is the largest national university of Poland. Sichuan University paid high attention to the exchanges and cooperation with University of Warsaw. Both parties had signed a memorandum of understanding as early as 2013, and started favorable cooperation under the drive of \u201cEU Erasmus+\u201d program. In October, 2016, the Centre for Poland and Central Europe Issues Studies & the Centre for International Relations Studies, co-built by Sichuan University and University of Warsaw, was officially founded; Mr. Jaros\u0142aw Gowin, Poland\u2019s Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Science and Higher Education, made a special visit to the scene and inaugurated it. Relying on SCU\u2019s School of International Studies, the Centre is dedicated to in-depth studies on issues covering politics, economy, culture and society of Poland and Central Europe, as well as the relationship between China and Poland. It targets at building itself into an intelligence-type research institution with international influences, mainly serving the \u201cBelt and Road\u201d initiative-related countries. This time, the five-day training course will have special trainings on topics like \u201cOne Belt and One Road\u201d Strategy and China's Periphery Diplomacy, China's Modernization of Local Governance, \u201cOne Belt and One Road\u201d Strategy and Development of Western China, \u201cOne Belt and One Road\u201d Strategy and Sichuan\u2019s Investment in and Cooperation with Foreign Countries, as well as the Changes of Chinese Culture in the Context of Globalization. Meanwhile, the delegation of University of Warsaw will have in-depth discussion with the teachers and students from relevant schools of SCU", "All this and a brandnew herstory of comics story and world history of comics variant cover too. A cover gallery for the comic book simpsons comics thanksgiving quiz, thanksgiving history, the. The first company to publish looney tunes comics was dell publishing in 1940. Comics on comics is a video podcast where the greatest comic minds meet the greatest minds in comics in a roundtable discussion of sequential art. Timely comics is the common name for the group of corporations that was the earliest comic book arm of american publisher martin goodman, and the entity that would evolve by the 1960s to become marvel comics founded in 1939, during the era called the golden age of comic books, timely was the umbrella name for the comics division of pulp magazine publisher. At its peak, it was the most prominent and successful american company in the medium. This is a redirect from a comics related title for a minor topic or title to a comprehensivetype comics related article section which covers the subject implicitly, not notable enough to have a separate article. Comic book history of comics comics for all 2017 idw comic. In 1953 dell claimed to be the worlds largest comics publisher, selling 26 million copies each month. Dc comics, formerly known as national comics is an american comic book publishing company founded as national allied publications in 1934. Check out a list of the top comics and choose those suitable to your interests.\nFeaturing variant covers with all new historically inspired comic strips by van lente and dunlavey. Come make pages about the issues, characters, comic companies, and more. We will preorder your items within 24 hours of when they become available. How french and belgian comics broke away from the american traditionand inspired heavy metal and a scifi comics revolution. With most of you stuck at home, were offering cheap vforbetter runs of comics to keep you and your kids. Ziggy pig and silly seal are fictional, funnyanimal comicbook characters created by cartoonist al jaffee for marvel comics. Johnny dc was launched in september 2004 with dc comics looney tunes and cartoon network based comic books. Western started its own comic book line, gold key comics, to handle its licensed properties which constituted the vast majority of the comics dell had been publishing. The true story of the comics art form, told as a comic. Western even took a few original series with it, such as turok, son of stone. Birth of a medium and millions of other books are available for amazon kindle.\nComic book history of comics comics for all 2017 idw. The entire transformers comic book universe all in one app. Looney tunes comics refers to a number of different comics, published by various companies since 1940. A new exhibit at the russell day gallery in everett showcases how they changed with the times. Gil kane april 6, 1926 january 31, 2000, born eli katz, was a comic book artist whose career spanned the 1940s to the 1990s and every major comics company and character. The bestselling, mindblowing graphic history of our favorite medium continues with the long birth of the graphic novel, spanning from1835 switzerland to the. Hes the artist of the awardwinning graphic novels dirt candy. Comic book history of comics comic read comic book. Capitalizing on the immense popularity of the graphic novel, vincent brunner has assembled illustrators and cartoonists to visually depict the.\nComics, as an art form, have grown exponentially over the years in its craft, stories, and respect as an art form. Only from idw publishing, a leader in digital comics. In 1990 and 1993, dc comics published two threeissue comic book series entitled bugs bunny, followed by a longrunning comic book in 1994 that continues to run today, although the majority of these new. In 1962, the partnership with western printing came to an end. Detective comics htf torpedo variant, thunderbolts 20 htf. Van lente and dunlavey present not only all the medical and especially social work he did. The graphic history of our favorite medium continues. Welcome to comics all and receive a great opportunity to be aware about the newest and the most popular comics immediately. Comic book history of comics comics for all 2017 idw comic books. On the occasions when he leaves his 100% catfree home studio allergies he can be seen with graphic designer liza pagano and their two children as they explore new york city. The bestselling, mindblowing graphic history of our favorite medium continueswith the long birth of the graphic novel, spanning from1835 switzerland to the usa today. Old comic books best comic books vintage comic books vintage comics comic book covers comic book characters comic character my books tatoo what others are saying nightmare the galloping ghost appeared in casper the friendly ghost comics in the early they never explained how nightmare came to be a ghost though. Action philosophers, action presidents, and the comic book history of comics all with fred van lente.\nOur wiki is growing, and we need your help to make it grow more. Over 500 inapp purchase comics with brand new stories in the popular more than meets the eye and transformers ongoing series, movie tieins and adaptations, and classics from the 80s and 90s. Capitalizing on the immense popularity of the graphic novel, vincent brunner has assembled illustrators and cartoonists to visually depict the history of rock music through comics. Disharmony of the epistles capinaremos jackson and drews classic tunes gunther and ben byu citychurch creekside fat b and bro show hist e1851 japan. The house of fear, about the success of max gainess allamerican comics. Wbs looney tunes have continuing adventures published by dc comics. The walking dead comic book creator robert kirkman stars in this documentary series that takes a deeper look into the stories, people and events that have transformed the world of comic books. Many famous superhero characters were created for the comic books published by dc, including superman, batman, wonder woman, and the justice league. The bestselling, mindblowing graphic history of our favorite medium continueswith the long birth of the graphic novel, spanning from1835 switzerland to the. They also look at the past and future of distributing comics, including web comics and beyond. Our wiki features the detailed histo", "What are the ideal growing methods and environmental conditions for Green Spirit seeds", "What time is the Mass scheduled to take place", "What are some reasons to choose email over phoning someone for communication", "What is the main argument presented in the text regarding federal subsidies for the wind energy industry", "What was the recent ruling by the Court of Appeals regarding limited liability companies purchasing real property before they have filed their articles of organization", "What are some reasons to choose a phone call over email for workplace communication"]}