{"q_indices": [108, 113, 61, 3, 23, 1, 29, 39, 125, 122, 12, 26, 48, 71, 8, 19, 68, 4, 11, 110, 51, 65, 83, 93, 49, 118, 101, 60, 99, 82, 38, 64, 20, 24, 88, 72, 21, 67, 13, 87, 6, 56, 107, 7, 100, 90, 42, 47, 105, 79, 31, 121, 103, 84, 109, 69, 92, 37, 86, 44, 32, 123, 106, 89], "a_indices": [75, 74, 91, 0, 126, 111, 10, 98, 9, 78, 40, 115, 5, 15, 18, 28, 73, 53, 94, 127, 50, 95, 14, 46, 41, 16, 33, 117, 45, 36, 54, 25, 102, 124, 59, 76, 85, 35, 80, 52, 43, 120, 22, 27, 97, 112, 104, 116, 62, 2, 77, 66, 96, 63, 81, 30, 70, 57, 114, 55, 119, 17, 58, 34], "texts": ["ng formed in 1863. Like Notts, they have only one major trophy to their name the league Cup in 1972 and have also yo-yoed their way through the leagues. The there most famous player is Stanley Matthews who is a giant of the game in the 30\u2019s and 40\u2019s and the club have been considered a top club even if they haven\u2019t been able to match the history.\nJust down the road from Notts County is Nottingham Forest or just plain old Forest. Formed in 1865 they of all these clubs have tasted the success of a First Division win in 1977 where they were led by one of the greatest managerial duos ever Brian Clough and Peter Taylor. They also guided the team to two European back to back cup victories and the FA Cup twice, though never under Clough who had won them everything else including the European Super Cup.\nFinally, we have Sheffield Wednesday, older then there great rival Sheffield United, being founded in 1967. They are so called as they only played on Wednesdays as this was the day off for the players and they could only make it then. The Club now plays on Saturdays with the rest of the teams in the league. They too have yo-yoed there way through the leagues but they have tasted cup success by winning the First Division four times and the FA Cup three times. They are the best domestically of the originals.", "What themes are explored in the text segment regarding emotions and personal experiences", "ether more often! Even if we don\u2019t always live in areas that get snow, I think we\u2019ll find many opportunities to use them for years to come \u2014 we snowshoed in Bryce Canyon a few years ago and loved it!\nSince we were experimenting with winter hiking and snowshoeing, we also decided to bring along our puppy Charlotte to see how she\u2019d do. We had been concerned that the snow would come up too high and she would be too cold, but as always, she blew us away with how she adapted and LOVED this snowy hike. This shouldn\u2019t even surprise me any more, but it makes us so happy to see her loving every adventure we take her on no matter what. Because the trail was already well packed, she had no trouble with walking or having the snow come up too high. She did venture off trail a few times, and while she may have acknowledged that it was a mistake, it hardly stopped her from following scents and jumping through the beautiful snow. My favorite part of the hike was when Curtis and I stopped to catch our breath for the last stretch of trail, and I looked ahead and saw Charlotte literally bounding up to the top of the mountain.\nThe one big mistake we did make, however, was letting Charlotte walk up to the top of the fire tower with us. She really wanted to when we reached the base, and since we were the only people up there, we said \u201cWhy not?\u201d But as she climbed the steps higher and the tower became more narrow, she started to regret the decision and refused to go any higher. With enough coaxing and pushing we got her to make it to the top, but getting her to go down was much more challenging. Even worse, the steps were covered in snow and ice, already making me nervous about walking down myself. I don\u2019t remember if Curtis ended up carrying her all the way or if she finally pushed through and did it herself, but once she was back on the ground, she wouldn\u2019t go anywhere near the tower or let Curtis hold her for a family picture. Now we know, never let Charlotte climb the fire towers, even if she really thinks she wants to! \ud83d\ude42\nAfter missing out on spending the holidays with family, I\u2019d say the hardest thing was going back to reality with Curtis back at work on the day after Christmas. Growing up, my dad always had that whole week off, and I thought the 1-to-2 week break between the holidays was just a given. However, thanks to some wintery weather, he had one early out, and a snow day all thanks to Winter Storm Fortis. That brings us to a total of 5 early outs and 2 snow days so far \u2014 and he doesn\u2019t have to make up those days. Maybe winter isn\u2019t so bad after all! \ud83d\ude09", "What major successes did Nottingham Forest achieve under the management of Brian Clough and Peter Taylor", "What kind of pressure does the whisper clip exert on the characters, particularly the bank teller, in relation to their sexual behavior", "Lough Boora Organic Farm\nLough Boora Organic Farm will have a stand out our event on the 19th June. Prepare to be blown away will all the lovely fresh and organic vegetable they have to offer. Dinner will never be the same again once you use their vegetables.\nTony Garahy, the fourth generation to farm Lough Boora, runs a mixed organic farm, with livestock (50 suckler cows, 100 ewes), tillage, and forestry which is certified by the Organic Trust Ltd. In 1997 Tony started an organic vegetable box scheme and now has 200 customers contributing \u20ac3000 per week to a total turnover for his vegetable business of \u20ac70000.\nLough Boora F", "What plans do Chinese investors have for Dundalk regarding population and infrastructure development", "What Actions Were Taken by Authorities Following the Threat Call Regarding Expl incendiary Devices on the Railway Tracks", "What elements were emphasized in the bridal ensembles for the Fall & Winter 2018 issue", "John Kerry - Superhero:\nIn the vicious end of days in this campaign, so much gets lost in the caterwauling of the media. Here's something that's happened in the last couple of days: John Kerry has found the last piece of the puzzle, the final cause to push to the end of the battle. If you've listened to Kerry since the dual revelations of the missing 760,000 pounds of high-powered explosives from a known ammo dump and the coming request for an additional $70 billion dollars for Iraq and Afghanistan, Kerry has become the man we've all heard about - the unstoppable crusader for what's right against however powerful the forces of evil may be. Kerry has been tough-guy posturing for most of the campaign, and it's been a ludicrous sight. How many animals must be hunted and killed in order for a Democrat to look strong on defense? As Bradley Whitford said on Bill Maher's show last week, \"How many times does a guy have to be shot in the ass running across rice paddies in Vietnam in order to look tougher than the cheerleader from Andover?\"\nHere's the deal - what's been missing from the entire Kerry campaign is just how tough a motherfucker John Kerry really, actually is, and it's got jackshit to do with hunting geese and killing the Vietcong. Kerry is a superhero, the kind of valiant son of a bitch who doesn't give a rat's ass about his own life in order to make the lives of others better. It's his post-Vietnam life that makes him a superhero. You don't know how much a superhero the man in the cape is by his origins. You know a superhero by his deeds. And if Kerry loses, it'll be because his campaign refused to acknowledge just how kick-ass Kerry has been since his final purple heart (and if Kerry loses, adviser Bob Shrum, who, in essence, said the public was too stupid to understand Kerry's accomplishments, should be strung up by his balls and batted around like a pinata by the Democratic party leadership until he bursts open and showers everyone with his innards).\nYeah, yeah, this is gonna be a down-on-the-knees-Kerry-supportin-hummer of an entry, but the Rude Pundit keeps talking to people who sigh and say, \"I guess I'm gonna vote for Bush\" because they can't bring themselves to vote for Kerry. They see him as weak. They see him as a flip-flopper. In other words, they see him as the projection of self that Bush has imposed on Kerry. In other words, these voters are too blinded by the glow that emits from the crown on Bush's head to believe that they own the democracy.\nKerry vs. Nixon: When Kerry helped organize the Vietnam Veterans Against the War, he was directly confronting a hegemonic ideology in the country that said the people must blindly follow their leaders. Kerry, villified at the time with incredible viciousness, did not back down from charges of treason and heresy. Check out the end of the book The New Soldier, which Kerry co-wrote and edited in order to talk about what the young men returning from Vietnam had confronted in the name of \"freedom\" from Communism. The book is, ironically enough, mostly reprinted on an anti-Kerry site. Kerry writes, \"We are asking America to turn from false glory, hollow victory, fabricated foreign threats, fear which", "Making healthy choices for a healthy lifestyle\nIt is a familiar occurrence. You get home from work with plans to go for a run or head to the gym, but you decide that you are too tired and end up watching television instead. Why is it that you watch television even though you know that exercising would be a much more productive and healthy use of your time?\nThis week on \u201cTake Care,\u201d B.J. Gallagher discusses the reasons why we do not always do what is best for us and how we can make positive changes to our lifestyles. Gallagher is a sociologist and author of the book \u201cWhy Don\u2019t I Do the Things I Know Are Good for Me?\u201d\nClick 'Read More' to hear our interview with B.J. Gallagher.\nGallagher says that the main contributors to poor lifestyle choices are low self-esteem and a negative self-image. Believe it or not, your parents can have a significant influence on how you view yourself.\nWhen a parent is critical of their child, that child internalizes those criticisms and carries them into adulthood.\n\u201cWe\u2019re all programmed with these messages from our well-meaning parents and they often leave scars,\u201d says Gallagher.\nPart of our response to these criticisms and other stressors is to develop self-soothing practices. As kids, these can include sucking on your thumb or playing with your hair. Later on in our lives the habits change. Eating sugary or fatty foods is a common", "What types of goods do street vendors in Monrovia sell, and who is often selling fruits and vegetables", "What is the main purpose of the report released by the Obama Administration regarding the African American community", "What are the three main areas of Bordeaux's vineyard, and what is the primary grape suited for the Left Bank", "The supermarket took 600g packs of Tesco Simply Roast Meatloaf, which are supposed to contain 35% beef and 22% pork, from its shelves.\nThe batch was made between October last year and January at Eurostock in Craigavon, Northern Ireland.\nA spokesman said it was the fourth of its products to test positive for horsemeat contamination and apologised.\nThe list of tainted food includes Tesco's own-brand hamburgers, bolognese and lasagne, found to contain up to 100% horse.\nTim J Smith, its group technical director, said: \"Tests on 15 other lines from the same manufacturing site were clear. We will complete our investigation before deciding whether to continue using the supplier.\n\"We are very sorry we have had a further product which has failed to meet the high standards we and our customers expect.\"\nHe said the company had now tested 500 product lines.\nLast week Tesco vowed to improve its supply chain after the scandal as bosses try to repair any damage to its reputation.\nFurther revelations are expected in the next few weeks as the Food Standards Agency said last Friday that seven recent samples, representing six products, came back positive for more than 1% horse DNA.\nNearly a fortnight ago the retailer began an apologetic \"What burgers have taught us\" advertising campaign in an attempt to regain public", "arm always produced vegetables for home use. A box of mixed vegetables grown at Lough Boora is delivered door-to-door on designated days, direct to customers in the local area who have signed up to the scheme for the medium to long term.\nThe contents of the box are determined by Lough Boora. They pick what is ripe and available, rather than the customer saying \u2018this is what we\u2019d like\u2019.\nThere is no pressure to produce out of season. Food is picked as it is required and travels less \u2013 therefore, it is fresher. It cuts out a middleman so that Lough Boora benefits and growing vegetables is sustainable.\nALL WELCOME FREE ADMISSION", ">> > for doing things like this.\n>> As I said on Wednesday (to a much smaller audience), I believe that the\n>> use of Roberts Rules of Order would be disastrous with this group.\n> The more I look over Robert's Rules of Order, the more it makes sense to me.\nIf by \"it\" you mean the above statement: Hallelujah!\nIf by \"it\" you mean the Rules: Huh? Were you even *at* the same meeting I\nMore information about the svlu", "ote marinated pork shoulder that was slow roasted in a banana leaf with pickled onion and ancho BBQ sauce\nMy favorite was the duck but closely followed by the pork shoulder. If smokey flavors are your thing, then go for the chicken.\nLast but not least\u2026 the street corn. When I go to Milagro, I always order this side. I can never bring myself to order anything else. Street corn is a drug and I\u2019m addicted to it. Mission Taco Joint offers some well thought out versions of typically simple Mexican food items. It reminds me of the great tacos I used to enjoy when I lived in the Southwest. Only thing missing for me would be cow\u2019s tongue as a meat option for one of the tacos.\nDive 2 Five Scale \u2013 3. They have a huge bar area with a nice selection of cocktails and craft beers. Mission Taco Joint can satisfy that late night craving when in the loop. For an opening night, they had the place over staffed to make sure things went smoothly. Riverfront Times has some scans of the menu as part of their article.", "Making a fashion impact with your bridal style choices is always a good idea and there have never been more options to choose from when it comes to style, texture and silhouette. For our Fall & Winter 2018 issue, we decided to have fun planning with all of these elements\u2014the results is this amazing shoot by Toronto-based photographer Riley Stewart. These bridal ensembles are all about pla", "What elements are mentioned that add a fashionable feel to bridal style in the text", "What are the author's criticisms regarding Microsoft's influence on educational systems and children's exposure to technology", "What does Bridgehampton Custom Home Building Management, Inc prioritize in the custom home building process for their clients", "GUWAHATI: Hours before UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi opened the 33rd National Games, a blast took place at the Kamakhya railway station here on Friday morning. Elsewhere in Upper Assam, the Army found a tin of RDX buried near a railway track.\nNobody was injured in the explosion that took place between the old and new buildings of the Kamakhya station. Though the movement of trains was not disrupted, security has been beefed up in the city.\nThe police changed the route of Sonia, who arrived here in the afternoon to inaugurate the 10-day sports event. The changes included airlifting Sonia from the airport to the Indira Gandhi Athletics Stadium at Sarusajai on the outskirts of the city.\nThe explosion came as a surprise because the area was repeatedly scanned by the Army and policemen over the past few days. The station was used to pick up sportspersons from various pa", "What is the perspective of the narrator on individuals affected by the housing crisis", "What specific issue does the author highlight about the timing of reinstating broadband service compared to a new connection", "hest chromium levels in their blood had a decline in insulin sensitivity. It is estimated that over 10 million Americans take chromium supplements to improve insulin action and glucose tolerance, at a cost of $150 million dollars per year. Recently published in the journal BMC Endocrine Disorders, Dr. Masharani\u2019s research suggests that caution should be exercised in recommending the use of this supplement for diabetes prevention and blood sugar control.", "What programs and efforts have benefited African American families, according to the report", "rts of the country who had arrived here for the Games. This was done to avoid the rush at the Guwahati railway station.\nOn Wednesday, a police officer had received a call from a person claiming to be Ulfa 'commander-in-chief' Paresh Barua who said two programmable timer devices had been planted on the railway track near the Kamakhya station.\nThe caller said Ulfa should not be blamed for any blast because it had withdrawn its Games boycott call. Following this, a six-km stretch along the tracks from Kamakhya to Bharalumukh towards the Guwahati station was scanned on Thursday night. But the explosives were not found anywhere.\nHowever, the railways terminated all trains at Rangiya, 60 km west of Guwahati, after the phone call. In Upper Assam, the Army recovered 12 kg of RDX packed in a tin and planted near railway tracks at Mamoroni in the Digboi police station area.", "yful textural details like feathers, tulle and three-dimensional lace, which bring a fun, super-fashionable feel to your bridal style. Bet you can\u2019t pick just one!\nEditor and creative producer, Alison McGill. Photography, Riley Stewart. Styling, Tara Williams. Hair, Tony Masciangelo for Alcorn Hair/PIM. Makeup, Nikki Strachan. First published in the Fall/Winter 2018 issue of Weddingbells.", "What are the main contributors to poor lifestyle choices according to B.J. Gallagher", "ou don\u2019t get any mobility from the middle of your back anymore, your neck or lower back or shoulders move MORE than they should be, causing these structures to get over-stretched and injured.\nSo What should you be doing?\nMaintain thoracic mobility yourself by using a foam roller and doing easy thoracic stretches on the floor.\nHave monthly maintenance sessions where you get a helping hand. Get a physio or chiro to loosen up any stiff joints and tight muscles to help you maintain mobility in between sessions on your own.\nBe aware of your posture! That forward head poke has HUGE impacts on your body. Don\u2019t slouch. Keep your chin tucked in and don\u2019t arch your back when sitting or standing.\nKeep that back of yours nice and mobile and don\u2019t despair the next time you\u2019re in the physio for your shoulder pain and they spend the whole session working on the middle of your back", "What was the status of ticket availability for the IGFA Dinner & Auction", "What type of food are served at the restaurant Mission Taco Joint", "Friday, January 09, 2009\nIn Which She Says the Words...\nThe Chief, the top editor of the Really Big Magazine, called me into the conference room this morning. We were supposed to start our story-pitch meeting about an hour ago and now it looks as though we're finally going to get underway.\nI bring my story proposals with me, stepping into the cool, dim room and sitting down opposite the Chief. But something isn't quite right: My supervisor, the executive editor, who always sits in on pitch meetings, is strangely absent. So is my department's graphic designer. Instead, sitting opposite me at the conference table is a big bear of a man, someone I've never met before. He sticks out a meaty hand and introduces himself.\n\"I'm from Human Resources,\" he says, a statement I find odd. I know everyone in our HR department. Then I look at the Chief, and catch the odd, guilty glint in her eyes, as she holds my gaze for a second, then breaks eye contact.\nOh, you have GOT to be kidding... I think.\n\"MM,\" she begins, \"this is really hard for me\u2026\"\nBut of course, what she has to say next is hardest for no one so much as me.\nShe uses phrases like, \"The company is having to make several hard decisions today,\" and \"Everyone, even us at the Really Big Magazine, are being asked to make reductions,\" and \"I think you know what I have to tell you.\"\nI'll be damned if I'm going to be implied off the staff. \"You know,\" I say to the Chief, doing my best not to sound angry or upset. \"I'm not an idiot. When I started here 6 and a half years ago, my department ran up to 20 pages of content a month and I had 5 editors and two assistants reporting to me.\" I take a shaky breath. The big bear man from HR is leaning forward, apparently ready to act as a bodyguard and protect the Chief from me, should I decide to pull a gun or go for a jugular. I just shake my head and turn away from him, back to the Chief. \"Last month, we ran 3 pages, and the department staff is now only me and one assistant. It's all been going in the wrong direction for", "urself, no matter where a person claims to be in terms of his level of initiation. This is not to say that what a person has to offer is not of value, for indeed it may be. You just have to be discerning as to when the ego is getting in the way, and where the teachings might be illusionary.\nEven Sanat Kumara and Vywamus have said that they still have small remnants of negative ego they are working on clearing. If they are still clearing, do you think anyone on this plane is free? You must become a master not only on the spiritual level, but also on the psychological level and on the physical level. You must also become a master of all the rays, even if your monad and soul are on a specific ray.\nSanat Kumara has told me that this is one of the dangers of these times. He said that people are advancing spiritually with incredible speed, but their mental, emotional, and physical bodies are not evolving as quickly. This problem is rampant around the planet, so it is important to be aware of it in yourself and to avoid being gullible in terms of the spiritual teachers you work with.\nI have come to understand clearly now that ascension has more to do with spiritual development than it has to do with mental, emotional, and physical development. That is why, if you want to ascend, you should focus on the building of your Light quotient. If you truly want to realize God, then also master your mental, emotional, and physical vehicles in service of spirit and, above all else, transcend negative ego consciousness!\nOne last confusion has to do with the Light quotient and what it really means. The initiations are basically an index of the amount of Light you are carrying. Even when you achieve the 99 percent Light quotient, you are still operating at a planetary and solar level. You have not even entered into galactic realization, let alone universal realization.\nThe ability to achieve these very high levels of Light quotient so quickly is a new dispensation. In the past, it was done much more slowly which allowed time for the mental, emotional, and physical bodies to catch up and which allowed for the development of some of the more advanced ascension abilities.\"\n'Beyond Ascension: How to Complete the Seven Levels of Initiation', by Dr. Joshua David Stone, Light Technology Publishing.\n\"Ascension, in essence, is the uniting of the soul extension, or personality, with spirit. It is the merging of the incarnated personality with the I Am Presence, or the monad. A person does not have to be in perfect health to ascend. Many people with serious illnesses have ascended.\nSecondly, there is something called a delayed ascension. A delayed ascension is when a person leaves the physical body, but in the first two hours after death the Ascended Masters work super-extensively with the adept to help him or her achieve ascension. This occurs when an adept was close to ascension but died before it occurred.\"\n'The complete Ascension Manuel', by Dr. Joshua David Stone\n\"Likewise, as you integrate fragmented pieces of your own consciousness, those aspects of your beingness are able to take on your heightened perspective. In the simultaneous momentum that drives all aspects of self, expressed in all dimensions in which you have a presence, all are able to embody the expanded perspective of higher consciousness. And all, in unison, become part of the momentum that is known as \u201cascension.\u201d \ud83d\udca0\nYou are well within the process of ascension now. For, ascension is not an \u201cevent\u201d but rather, a momentum. It is not something that \u201chappens\u201d to an individual at a given moment, and thereafter one\u2019s reality is instantaneously different. Ascension is a gradual shift. It is a shift in awareness, a shift in perspective, a shift in vibration, a shift in attunement, and a shift in conscious alignment with who one truly is, so that there is agreement and full participation in the process \ud83d\udca0\nAscension is a universal motion, a yearning, a striving, a releasing, a surrendering \u2014 a joyous culmination of your journey here in physical form. It is not something that is done to you. It is a process that is initiated by you, orchestrated by you, and experienced fully as an evolutionary journey by you. In order to make the shift, preparation has been made by you, over the course of much time, to bring you to the place that you are able to be a fully conscious participant in the culmination of the journey.\"\n'Oneness', by Rasha: http://www.onenesswebsite.com\n\"This workshop with all the meditation it offers brought me a life transforming experience that I will always cherish. I am definitely continuing with the teachings I've learned for my own spiritual development and the development of all humanity. Hira Hosen, my beloved sister and teacher, is a beautiful soul who has put all her heart out into giving all she is suppose to give and much much more for this workshop. I personally was affected very positively with her presence and appreciate until this day everything she is and everything she has offered. Forever connected. Much love and gratitude to her.\"\nCorinne Saad, ATIH workshop, Egypt, 2016", "hether you need us to take your concept and run with it, or to make your detailed plans come to life, our experience will be your source of confidence. Our reputation depends upon your satisfaction. We are devoted to each project and to the inherent attention to detail that is required. This is what we do.We take on only a few projects at a time so that we can focus on every detail of each home. We relish the challenge of every new endeavor, and we look forward to the moment you see your visions come to life.\nWe are endlessly proud of our work.Let's make your dreams come true, together.\nSign up to hear from us about specials, sales, and events", "s practices and to respond to customers' feedback.\nTravel Lodging Directory Services Division - We also operate Rentalo.com; an award-winning travel lodging website that facilitates lodging negotiations and property finder services to travelers, trip planners, travel agencies, corporates and government agencies. We also offer other travel related services such as full internet marketing service and travel insurance.\nFor additional information and or questions, please contact us", "What are some of the subjects the author is considering for their Favourite Things lists", "What did the UCSF endocrinologist Umesh Masharani and his colleagues find regarding the effects of chromium supplements on insulin sensitivity", "What does Gallagher suggest to alter ingrained negative behaviors and promote healthier living", "White House Releases Report on Obama Agenda and Black Community\nLast week, the Obama Administration released \u201cThe President\u2019s Agenda and the African American Community,\u201d a 44-page report highlighting Obama policies that, according to the White House, have benefited Black people.\nThe report is clearly aimed at critics that feel the administration has done little for the Black community.\n\u201cThe President\u2019s Agenda and the African American Community, a 44-page document, highlights many of the same policies as before, but with an emphasis on how they\u2019ve benefited black people. According to the report, for example, the Recovery Act and its later expansions kept 1.3 million African Americans above the p", "[svlug] Voting, etc., was Governance Meeting Reminder\ndaniel at gimpelevich.san-francisco.ca.us\nFri Dec 14 10:02:40 PST 2007\nOn Fri, 14 Dec 2007 09:35:19 -0800, Warren Turkal wrote:\n> On Dec 11, 2007 10:00 AM, Daniel Gimpelevich\n> <daniel at gimpelevich.san-francisco.ca.us> wrote:\n>> On Tue, 11 Dec 2007 04:04:00 -0800, John Conover wrote:\n>> > Don't forget http://www.robertsrules.org/ ... a traditional standard", "What series did Michael Klam begin in 2001 that includes various forms of art and performance", "Details have emerged of Chinese investors\u2019 plans for Dundalk following a meeting with the Dundalk Chamber of Commerce. The investors have identified Dundalk as a potential new \u201curban centre\u201d for Ireland, with plans for a new university, regional hospital and light rail system on the cards.\nThe initial proposal plans for a population of 30,000, with the hope of growing this population to 100,000 over time. The population will be made up of a mixture of Irish residents and ex-patriots from Hong Kong.\nThe idea was first proposed by Ivan Ko, CEO of the Victoria Harbour Group, an international charter city investment company. In the wake of strict new laws imposed by China on the self-governing territory, he says that many residents are considering moving away from the city.\nMr.Ko has identified Dundalk as the potential site for this \u201ccharter city\u201d for Hong Kong ex-patriots. Ko has publicly stated that Dublin is too expensive but has said \u201canywhere near Dublin\u201d would be welcomed by Hong Kong people. He added that \u201c", "What important factors should you consider before renting a dumpster", "HQTelecom.com is a private company with offices located in Miami Lakes, Florida, USA. Our telecom division also specializes in online retail and wholesale distribution of telephone specialty products and consumer electronics.\nThe company has been accredited since 2003 by the Better Business Bureau (BBB) with an A Rating. Since its inception, our company has consistently uphold to BBB's accreditation standards, which include a commitment to act in accordance with ethical busines", "and British farmers' confidence.\nMany of the UK's biggest food firms and supermarkets have recalled beef products since January after tests found they contained horse DNA.\nEarly tests found horse DNA in products such as Aldi's special frozen beef lasagne and special frozen spaghetti bolognese, Co-op frozen quarter-pounder burgers, Findus beef lasagne and Tesco Value frozen burgers and spaghetti bolognese.\nA second wave of tests revealed contamination of Asda's chilled beef bolognese sauce and beefburgers; minced beef and halal minced beef sold by Sodexo, which supplies food to schools, care homes and the armed forces and a Whitbread Group lasagne and beefburger.\nThe third round of tests affected Birds Eye Traditional Spaghetti Bolognese and Beef Lasagne, Taco Bell's ground beef and Brakes' spicy minced beef skewer.\nLast month, a frozen burger found in the kitchen of Cumbernauld High School, North Lanarkshire, contained horse DNA. North Lanarkshire Council said the burger was supplied by Brakes Group.\nThe discovery led to councils across Scotland being advised to place a hold on frozen burgers.\nFurniture retailer Ikea also withdrew wiener sausages in the UK last month after tests found \"indications\" of horsemeat, and it also withdrew a batch of its traditional meatballs.\nContextual targeting label:", "What is the title of Klam's most recent collection of poetry and when was it released", "What type of products does Lough Boora Organic Farm offer during their event on the 19th June", "What was the purpose of the email from Daniel Gimpelevich", "Blue Felicity Plate 26.5cm/10.5\"\nBeautifully hand-crafted in a timeless Burleigh design, the Blue Felicity Plate is perfect for everyday dining and special occasions. Add a dash of colour to your favourite dishes and impress your guests at the dinner table. Handmade in Middleport Pottery, England Uniquely decorated by skilled craftsmen with Burleigh?s centuries-old technique of tissue transfer printing from hand-eng", "What is the size and design inspiration of the Blue Felicity Plate", "highly-regarded appellations are based around tiny sleepy villages \u2013 Paulliac, Margaux, Sainte-Estephe \u2013 where it looks like not very much is happening at all, apart from producing some of the finest wines in the world, of course. One of the highlights here was visiting Pontet Canet, the 2016 was succulent and elegant, and we were treated to an excellent lunch afterwards, cheese heaven. During lunch they served a blind vintage of Pontet Canet and we had to guess the vintage, there was some bribing and betting going on, and it was eventually revealed it was the 2007 \u2013 not the most celebrated of the past decade or two, but certainly drinking beautifully now.\nThe next day we headed over to the Right Bank, which includes the famous areas of Saint-Emilion and Pomerol, where Merlot dominates, and the feel here was quite a contrast. For a start the scenery and topography is quite different \u2013 rolling hills and drumlins (I felt a bit more at home!), Romanesque stone-wall terraces, and the chateaux are more quaint French farmhouses than fairytale castles. The town of Saint-Emilion is so picturesque, and handily enough, only a stone\u2019s throw from our next few visits \u2013 Chateau Pavie, Petrus, and Le Pin \u2013 whose 2016 wines really shone.\nOne of the highlights for me personally in the Right Bank was visiting Francois Mitjavile at Tertre-Roteboeuf. You couldn\u2019t help but like this eccentric, excitable Frenchman in his cravat and elbow-patched tweed jacket. We were welcomed in to his dank, dark cellar, tightly packed with barrels, offered his fabulous 2016s from old crystal decanters \u2013 Domaine de Cambes, Roc de Cambes, and Tertre Roteboeuf \u2013 and invited to spit them in the trough. Rustic indeed, but a refreshing approach after the lavishness of the Left Bank. We also tasted some of Francois\u2019s 2015s, which are coming along nicely, and I like to think I contributed to that vintage in some small way, as he poured my glass back into the barrel!\nIt was a whirlwind of a few days, with hundreds of wines tasted and many miles covered, but extremely enjoyable. I felt very privileged to be there and experience it, and especially to be there when the 2016 vintage is looking so promising and so approachable. I have been studying and reading about Bordeaux for so many years, but to visit it and taste it really puts it in to perspective. Seeing the land the grapes are grown on, how the wines are made, and meeting the people who make them, gives a whole other level of understanding and appreciation to the wine, and that\u2019s really what we\u2019re all about at JN", "to giving me head in the contest. I had to know if someone had given her a whisper clip.\nStill this blonde school girl could at least get me hard again so I wasn't limp going in to the bank teller.\n\"Come with me,\" I said taking her by her pigtails and dragging her along behind me.\nThe teacher was too far gone face fucking his teenager to even notice me dragging the 18 year old out of the school grounds.\n\"Please may I suck it?\" she begged as I dragged her down Main Street.\n\"Take your tits out,\" I ordered as we made it to the nearby bank.\nThe teenager took off her shirt and bra as I took out my overworked cock and pushed it limply inside her mouth.\n\"Look at me!\" I said and she looked up at me nervously as I used her pigtails as handle bars and began face fucking her outside the bank.\n\"Can I help you, sir?\" a voice asked, and I almost jumped out of my skin when I looked up and saw two female police officers standing in front of me. What I was doing had to be illegal still and for a second I thought they were going to arrest me, but then I saw the clips behind their ears.\nAs they licked their lips I realised they really wanted to help me.\nI was still not entirely hard so I figured these two cops could probably help me out.\n\"Kiss,\" I said. They leant forward to kiss me but I held up my hands and pushed them back by their tits.\n\"Not me,\" I said. \"Kiss each other. And take your fucking tits out already.\"\nThe two sexy young cops undid their uniforms and took out their juicy young tits before turning to each other and French kissing.\nNow I was hard, and took hold of the gagging schoolgirl's pigtails again and started pounding her face.\n\"What is going on out here!\" I heard a familiar voice ask. I looked up and saw her. My sexy, bitchy bank teller standing at the entrance of the bank. She was dressed in her normal conservative formal attire and had a scowl on her face that told me at once no-one had taken care of her yet.\n\"Officers,\" I said to the cops. \"Detain this bitch!\"\nThe bank teller tried to move back inside the bank but my two cops grabbed her and threw her to the ground and handcuffed her before she had time to move. I let go of the schoolgirl and quickly wrapped a whisper clip behind the teller's ear.\n\"Get the fuck off me!\" she screamed.\n\"Take her down to the station,\" I said to the officers. \"Hold her there until I come for her. Don't take the handcuffs off or let her remove the clip.\"\n\"Yes, sir,\" they said. One of the cops paused and looked down at my cock buried in the schoolgirl's mouth. \"Could we suck it later then?\"\n\"Of course,\" I said. \"Actually just wait here a minute.\"\nThe two officers held on to the teller, watching on as I picked up the pace on the schoolgirl. I gripped her head tightly, forcing it up and down as I felt my orgasm building.\nMy cum burst into her mouth and her eyes opened wide as she moaned in delight at the taste of my cum.\n\"Don't swallow,\" I ordered. \"Share it.\"\nThe schoolgirl stood and leant in and kissed the nearest cop, letting the cum swap out of her mouth and into the young officer\u2019s. The other cop moaned slightly before her partner turned to her and lovingly shared my cum with her.\n\"What the fuck is going on!\" screamed the teller. \"Has everyone gone nuts!\"\n\"Spit it on her!\" I said to the cop who had my cum in her mouth. The cop spat cum onto the teller's face and the teller winced and screamed again.\n\"All right,\" I said. \"Lick it off her. She hasn't the taste for cum yet.\"\n\"And I never will,\" said the teller as the three girls began lapping up the cum off her face with their tongues like kittens with milk.\nWhen they were done I told the cops to take her away.\nThe officers lifted the screaming bitch to her feet and dragged her off. She would take a while to be ready to facefuck and there was no way I was risking putting my cock in her mouth until the clip had done its work.\n\"Blowjob, sir?\" I turned and saw it was the schoolgirl offering her services to an old man. He had a walking stick in one hand but used the other to push the cock hungry girl to her knees.\n\"God bless you,\" he said to me as his small cock began to grow in the girl's mouth. \"I'm just glad I lived to see this day.\"\nIt was like that everywhere. Every cafe and bar in town had become a topless bar or cafe and waitresses and barmaids now seemed to spend more time servicing cocks than serving drinks. I couldn't resist a quick visit to the hospital where, sure enough, I saw no fewer than five nurses blowing male patients. In one room I even saw a nurse down on her knees blowing an old man while his wife looked on, the familiar glazed over look in her eyes of a newly clipped woman.\nI looked in through the window of a surgical theatre and saw a nurse blowing a rock hard cock of an unconscious man who seemed to be having some kind of heart surgery.\n\"That can't be good,\" I thought, particularly when two more nurses were on their knees beneath the table, sucking the cocks of the surgeons as they operated.\nEventually I made my way down to the police station to check on the status of my favourite bank teller.\nI was met by a male cop at the reception desk who had a strange far away look in his eyes when I approached him. As I reached the desk I understood why; both the female cops I had seen earlier were blowing him under the reception desk.\n\"Here for the teller?\" he asked me, his voice breaking slightly as one of the female cops licked his balls.\n\"Yes,\" I said.\n\"Go in,\" he said. \"She's in one of the cells but a lot more compliant than before, if you know what I mean.\"\nThe cop winked at me and buzzed open a door to his right.\n\"By the way,\" he said. \"Until this morning we were under orders to bust you and your girlfriend's sorry arses. You put these whisper clips out just in time. Still, there's a price to pay for everything.\"\nI thought about asking him what he meant but he seemed busy so I walked on into the holding cells. There were three empty cells and one with a locked door. I looked through the peep hole of the closed cell expecting to see my bank teller being facefucked by a group of prisoners or cops but instead found she was all alone.\nShe must have heard me as she looked up and moved over to the door.\n\"Can you please let me out of here?\" she said. \"I did nothing wrong. Has the whole world gone crazy. Just because I don't want to...\"\nSuddenly she doubled over in pain, grasping at the whisper clip on her ear. She screamed in pain and I realised Lisa's invention was punishing her for thinking badly about blowjobs.\n\"Make it stop!\" she cried.\nI tried the handle of the door and was surprised to find it unlocked.\n\"Guess she just assumed she was locked in,\" I thought as I stepped into the room.\n\"You!\" she screamed. \"What the fuck do you want!\"\n\"A blowjob,\" I said and I saw her eyes roll back in her head and her moan in sudden pleasure. I realised the clip gave her pleasure stimulus at the word blowjob.\n\"No fucking chance,\" she said. \"You and that bitch of yours will never turn me!\"\n\"Facefuck,\" I said and she collapsed to the bed as the pleasure senses in her clip sent her into orgasm. \"Throatfuck, deepthroat, head, cum swallow, fellatio, blowjob,\" I said, almost attacking her with the words and overloading her with pleasure from the clip.\nShe was panting for breath.\n\"The voices,\" she cried. \"Make them stop!\"\n\"What are they saying to you?\" I asked.\n\"They're telling me to suck you, to swallow your cum, to get on my knees and take it like a bitch!\"\n\"Then do it!\" I said.\n\"No!\" she cried and the whisper clip jolted electricity through her body in savage punishment. She shook and collapsed to her knees. Now was my chance.\nI took out my hard cock and pressed it into her panting face.\n\"Suck it!\" I said. \"Imagine how good it will feel in your mouth.\"\n\"No,\" she whispered and was jolted so hard by the clip that a spasm went through her whole body.\nI leant down and tore off her shirt and bra, her tits spilling out and still trembling from the shock.\n\"Suck it now,\" I said. \"A", "UCSF endocrinologist Umesh Masharani and his colleagues have dispelled a commonly held belief that chromium supplements improve insulin sensitivity and help prevent and treat diabetes. Through a 16 week, double blind placebo-controlled clinical trial of chromium picolinate therapy conducted on 31 non-obese subjects with normal blood sugar, there was no significant change in insulin sensitivity between groups.\nAnd, paradoxically, subjects who had the hig", "rently, and solicit the help of a nearby trash treatment professionals. The actual positive outcome their services could have on the property or home and the home recovery are going to be immediate as well as undeniable.\nFifthly, what's the number 1 place for your dumpster? If you reside in a deed-restricted group, check with the house owner's affiliation to find out where you could and can't put your dumpster. Make sure it isn't in the way of cars and that it doesn't interfere with septic tanks, overhead cables or landscape sprinkler systems. It becomes an important move because you gets charged yet another fee when the hauler has to turn out and proceed your dumpster.\nSmall and large businesses make use of dumpsters as well. Whether or not a business is definitely moving or possibly the type of company that has a lot associated with waste, it's a good idea to allow them to have a dumpster that they'll clean up along with at the end of your day.\nThe minute anyone call the particular dumpster company, you will already have a fantastic indication if they're a professional organization. Does the one that answered your current call well-informed of their services? Does the individual sound specialist in his types of dealing? When these aspects are specialist enough, you'll be able to be assured that you're dealing with a specialist dumpster company.Be certain that the company you will hire is definitely insured as well as licensed. In the event you opt for a organization who does not need insurance, some might destroy your current neighbor's property or home and you might become personally placed liable for paying for the damages or injuries.\nWith practically any services, the price winds up being a important factor. This will likely play a much bigger role when you assume results would be the same with service repair shop. Because of this assumption, some 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce corporations have turned to cunning pricing methods. Much like airline carriers, they publicise one price tag and then come across all kinds of methods to sneak in extra charges.\nBefore you even decide to grab your wallet guarantee the company you're heading with actually has an affordable rental plan. A lot of companies are looking to generate a quick money at your cost and you have to steer clear of these companies. They are going to quote a price tag in the beginning so when the time relates to pay up you will realize the bill has been hiked by some hidden fees that you were not aware of ahead of. The only way you can avoid this sort of scenario is as simple as making a in depth inquiry with regards to the total cost associated with renting a dumpster. You should definitely understand exactly what you are charges for and after that only in the event you make a final decision.\nMany junk removing companies provide labor, meaning that they'll not solely provide the dumpster and take the trash, although they'll additionally help you take items from the home to the truck or dumpster. Take into account whether you will need this service in accordance with the scale in the cleanout and your family in addition to friends' ability to make this happen heavy lifting yourself. It will very likely cost more, nevertheless it can get the job done speedily. Note that when you are paying for labor, especially if you're paying on an hourly basis, you may not have the option to take the time to dig through every package and handbag in search of expressive items.\nWhen you are to rent a dumpster you do not need the hassle of all of that online type filling out and so on. Find a good corporation, fill out a simple form, and then return to striving to get the granitic countertop to compliment your new kitchen area. Dumpsters come in quite a few sizes in addition to why throw away cash on people you won't always be filling to ability (sometimes more than once over). To get a small project there are smaller dumpsters that are solely ten ft long. Following that you can rent a 20 backyard one, or maybe a thirty or maybe forty backyard one. You cannot assume all dimensions are the same, so check in that at the same time to maximize your advantage.\nBefore renting a dumpster, marketing and advertising to do some research regarding the 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA service businesses. Select the excellent 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA company to take out all the chaos piled up on the job location. Renting a dumpster to remove waste will keep the environment clean, hygienic, and maintains you faraway from health problems. These lenders help in disposing trash from the location and keep our environment free from pollution.\nPackaging, transportation, removal recycling these tasks requires huge price tag when approached individually simply because construction derby requires huge spend disposal. A significant way of disposing such a massive waste will be hire specialized 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA provider who can assist you in finishing the task straight forward.\nOnce you have labored through the mess and have created progress in getting rid of things you no longer will need or need, the company will take the dumpsters of your stuff. The company will certainly handle your hauling out of the materials and other goods for you in addition to dispose of these without any further charge. If perhaps you were to put these materials on the curtail for your waste pickup, conversely, you may wind up paying a fee to have to dispose of a great deal of trash. When you have to take it to your dump oneself, the costs may even always be higher.\nYou'll probably decide to to replace that broken doorway or each of the old entrance doors in your home. This baseboards may need to replaced at the same time. The flooring in your historic home may need replacing in addition to some of the wooden floors. With these a big project you know that you'll need to rent a dumpster.\nBodyweight Limit: Each dumpster comes with a weight limit therefore you can place your throwaways to a limit solely. The Weight restriction of dumpsters do range between 2 to 12 tons. The dumpsters are generally weighted if weight can be obtained above the allowed limit in comparison with you have to shell out extra money. So it's very essential to get details about the dumpster weight limit.\nPlease use the form below to contact us. We look forward to working with you and will get back to you as soon as possible. All fields are required", "What is the intended demographic composition of the new city project mentioned in the text", "g and the questions people had asked her, and partly by clearing out the 80's & 90's music tapes from my attic - I threw out the tapes (ouch) but saved the covers (- well all of the music is available on CD or download so I considered it safe! hhhmmm, yes... course it's safe... hopefully!) (and I saved the REALLY 'important' ones), Elsie had been asked questions by readers about her favourite music and films (which seems to be anything with Ewan McGregor in it by the look of things! lol) (not a bad thing....) but it got me thinking...\n... . . . . about Favourite Things.... Documenting what are my favourites at the moment - and it has to be 'at the moment' because in 6 months time I won't like the same (though some will be there...)\nSo first thoughts on subjects for Favourites Lists:\n# 1: Favourite songs / music\n# 2: Favourite films\n# 3: Favourite year\n# 4: Stuff (things you can't catagories but you love!)\n# 5: Musicals (its not camp to love musical theatre! Honest!)\n# 6: Arty stuff\nNow I've seen my list of lists written down I think Favourite Films is the way forward... the subject for my next minibook - Eeeek have just remembered I should probably keep it to a Top Ten! (not like those Channel 4 programmes M & I watch where there are ONE HUNDRED top whatevers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)\nWatch this space............. Any suggestions? - I'm bound to have forgotton a really important film or song, or something that I will kick myself for later.....\nwest sides story . . . . the way we were . . . . fight club . . . dirty dancing . . . . out of africa . . . . gladiator . . . . moulin rouge . . . . aaaah so many films so little time and space on the list........ oooh I could make it look like film strip - like negatives.... pictures and quotes .... aaaarggh... too many thoughts...... I carried a watermelon!!.....", "What is ascension?\nWe're at the end of a planetary cycle, where all of us are given the opportunity to complete our learning cycle here on Earth. We can choose to move to the next level by going through an ascension process, allowing us to access new areas of being and higher levels of consciousness. We are currently completing a 6.000 year cycle, a 12.000 year cycle and a 36.000 year cycle, and each time 2 or more cycles come together, that period is extremely important in earth's history.\nWe're in that period right now \ud83d\udca0\nUnlike previous times in linear history, our time now has an extremely high vibrational energy, meaning that anyone who has the wish, is able to start their ascension process right here & now. Because of the high vibrational transition our planet and star system are now going through, there is no more need for masters, initiations or entering in a community or religious order. It's great to receive the support of our teachers and communities, I'm part of several communities myself and very happy about it. The point I'm trying to make here is that ascension is accessible to all of us right here & now. By becoming aware of the now moment. By detoxifying our body. By quieting our mind \ud83d\udca0\nIt's our hearts who open the doors of ascension. If someone's heart is closed, if they're unable to love themselves, unable to love life, then ascension will not be possible for that individual \ud83d\udca0\nThere are many levels of ascension. At the first level, which we call spiritual ascension, the person continues to live in a physical body. When the task of this person on earth is completed, they can choose to go forward into physical ascension, where the physical body dissolves into light. From then on this person lives as an ascended being within their body of light \ud83d\udca0\nIn the history of humanity, there has never been so many ascension workers and spiritual leaders as there are today to raise the level of vibration of the planet & people \ud83d\udca0\n'Ascension' essentially is about being aware. Raising our vibrational signature. An expansion of awareness. It means living our life through the compassion, forgiveness and wisdom of our Heart. It's about a merge in consciousness, becoming a collective of 'beingness', a return to our divine presence & essence within \ud83d\udca0\nSeveral ascension teachers defining ascension:\n\"Ascension is the expansion of awareness. This expansion of awareness comes naturally when we process fear, as well as debilitating programs and firewalls, and other low vibrations, from our lives. Why is it called Ascension? Because our overall vibration becomes higher, and we are able to tap into and work within higher \"dimensions\".\nDo we take our bodies with us? Our physical body is a key element of functioning within a solid 3D environment. When we start moving into a higher vibration in our lives, our bodies also follow suit. This is why, often, foods and chemicals that we were able to absorb our entire lives, will make us sick for a while (the time it takes for the physical body to adapt to the new vibrational environment). By detoxing our bodies and keeping them sugar and other toxin free, we help it, help us, in our expansion of awareness.\"\nDr. Joshua David Stone\n\"The Meaning of Ascension: Ascension really means that you are carrying a certain amount of Light in your four-body system. I have come to understand that many people who ascend and many who have taken all seven levels of initiation are still very unclear. Ascension does not mean perfection on all levels.\nI know some seventh degree initiates who are still very much run by their negative egos, others who are still victims of their emotional bodies, still others who have prosperity issues or issues concerning lack of self-worth and self-love, and others who are dealing with health lessons.\nThey are all wonderful, sincere, God-seeking people whom I am proud to call my friends and colleagues. However, everyone has blind spots and there is not one on this planet who does not have to watch out for the glamour, illusion, and maya of the negative ego.\nYou will be exactly the same as you are now when you complete your initiations except that you will be able to hold more Light. You might have developed the first-ray qualities but not the second-ray qualities, or you might have developed the third-ray traits but not the others.\nI realize that this might be a shock to you, but I tell you for an absolute fact, it is true. The positive side is that God has not made the requirements so difficult that they are impossible to achieve. What I have come to understand is that ascending is much easier than I had thought it was.\nThis information is important because there are many teachers walking around who have ascended but still present teachings that are unclear or unintegrated in some respects. Just because you have completed all initiations or have raised your Light quotient to 99 percent, it does not mean that you are beyond your ego or are psychologically clear and completely integrated in your understanding.\nSo do not give your power to anyone and always be discerning. Trust God within yo", "Every singer has their own habits that ensure that their voices remain as great as possible. Sure we do have auto-tune and editing to ensure the voices remain in pitch and are exceptional, however those techniques can only do so much. The rest has to rely on the singers voice and there are certain habits that they do outside of intense practicing.\nToday we will be looking at some particular habits that singers have to improve their voices. These practices help in keeping your voice in check and are the habits that successful singers practice every single day.\nLess Overworry, More Confidence In Your Voice\nOf course the performance of an artist varies from day to day, however one thing that separates the amateur to a profession is the understanding of that. A professional singer who understands their voice through and through will be in more control and not as likely to worry about it compared to someone who lacks that.\nThis is key as we naturally use pitches to convey certain emotions. Naturally we raise our voices when we yell by getting angry. We get shy and reserved when we speak lower. The same case happens with singing. If you worry so much it shows in your singing performance.\nAvoid Panicking When You Get Sick\nWe all get sick, but when you are a singer and have to perform it can leave grounds of uneasiness and panic. Instead put some effort in minimizing the symptoms. Furthermore take some more preventative measures to ensure you don\u2019t get sick in the future.\nPractice The \u2018Vocal Monk\u2019\nIf you plan on performing a lot through tours or for longer than usual periods", "What was the reason the narrator had to meet with the Chief, and what was the outcome of that meeting", "What is the name of the world's oldest football club and in what year was it founded", "For the first time in our 3 years of marriage/4 Christmases married, we were unable to travel home to celebrate the holidays. \ud83d\ude41 We knew pretty much from the start of the year that it would be unlikely with Curtis\u2019 schedule and had accepted it, but it was still sad to see pictures and hear from family and know what we were missing out on. Such as the food\u2026oh how I miss all the Christmas treats and the feast with my grandparents! I did my best to recreate all our favorite desserts to make it feel like Christmas around here. On the bright side, Curtis had been scheduled to work Christmas day (and a week surrounding it), but they gave everyone the day off so we were able to spend it together. We skyped with our families, ate our favorite foods, did a puzzle, and watched Die Hard (Same as last year \u2014 I guess that makes it our family tradition now? \ud83d\ude09 ).\nWe also went on our first official \u201cWinter Hike\u201d \u2014 I\u2019ve mentioned our hiking challenges here many times, but some of these challenges have a bonus for if you hike all the peaks in the winter season (December 21 \u2013 March 20). By no means are we going to try to complete this challenge this year, we don\u2019t have the time or the desire to do so, but we thought it\u2019d be fun to redo some of our favorites. We decided to start with the first hike we did the day we arrived in our new hometown in NY, Spruce Mountain. It had snowed a few days prior, but others had hiked the trail and left a well-packed down path to the peak. We chose a day where the temperature was warmer (upper 30\u2019s) and were warm enough the whole time.\nIt\u2019s so fun to return to the first places we visited now that we\u2019ve lived here for several months and are more familiar with the area. It brings back the feelings of excitement and newness that we felt the first week. It helped me put in perspective where this mountain is in relation to the others we\u2019ve hiked since then, and now I could hike the trail as a more experienced Adirondack hiker. The trail was steeper than I remembered, but still easier than other fire tower hikes we\u2019ve done. Then of course, it was fun to see this area in a whole different season, with beautiful untouched snow surrounding the trail.\nI used this hike as an opportunity to practice snowshoeing. I know it\u2019s better on fresh snow, but I felt much more confident having the spikes on the bottom for extra traction while walking downhill. Curtis and I both found good snowshoes in good condition on Craigslist for much less than we would\u2019ve paid for brand new, which I think is a great investment if it gets us out on the trails tog", "d Group Fundraising Policy Also, see safety protocol below for Policies, Procedures and Standards to prepare with.\nKeep in mind that Fundraising can include Gifts-in-Kind (non-cash gifts). Here is a link to our Gifts-in-Kind Procedure\nIt is the choice of your Group if you would like to wear a uniform when traveling or during an adventure, however, the uniform unites us and easily identifies us to one another and the world.\nScouting events worldwide that bring different Groups together are a great occasion to bring extra neckers to trade and proudly wear your uniform.\nOur Transportation Standards outline the parameters for, Chartered Commercial Transportation (Ground, Water, Air), Commercial Transportation (Ground, Water, Air), Rented Vehicles and Private Vehicles.\n*note travel via private aircraft are not an accepted transportation method or activity.\nHere are the Policies, Procedures and Standards that outline the safety parameters for going on an adventure. Keep in mind that there are other Policies, Procedures and Standards that may be applicable to your Group's adventure which are not listed below as they would be specific to particular occasions for example, Swimming Standards, Watercraft Standards or Winter Sport Standards.\nFor emergencies contact the country's emergency number. This applies to within Canada as well.\nThe 24/7 Safe Scouting line is unavailable outside of Canada, we ask that if you are outside of Canada to use the alternative reporting procedures we have available such as the Safe Scouting App and emailing the team directly using email@example.com.\nStill, need help? Please feel free to contact the Scouts Canada Help Centre.", "What does Dr. Masharani's research suggest regarding the use of chromium supplements for diabetes prevention and blood sugar control", "What care advice is recommended for the raved copper rollers", "er from Atlantic Highlands reported poor fishing, and I experienced the same thing as I fished with Capt. Hans Kaspersetz and his friend Nico on Sheri Berri from Baker's Marina on the Bay in Highlands. Though we marked fish in several places, we never had a hit on clams. There was also no gannet action in the middle of the bay, but trolling with Yo-Zuri diving plugs produced four stripers from 30 to 32 1/2 inches before we headed in. Capt. Dereck Bielitz had a similar lack of success clamming from his Fisher Price, but then did very well trolling Stretch plugs.", "What is the company's approach to handling projects and ensuring customer satisfaction", "What does Lisa plan to do with the whisper clips and how does she believe they will affect women", "What techniques can help maintain thoracic mobility and prevent injuries", "29 March 2007\n25 March 2007\n(Apologies for the photo quality!)\nIf you are interested in attending this class please let me know by adding a comment to this post (press 'comments' below), and further details will be be sent to you.\nHere is my 'confessions' book from Shimelle's online class. My 'confessions' are quite superficial - no deep dark secrets and skeletons lurking in my cupboards thank you very much!\nThe book is quite small - 10 x 7.5cm. bound by hinged rings (with ribbons tied on for decoration), and is created from the paper I had left over after creating my '36 Birthday Weekend' scrapbook/ journal.\nI might make a proper cover for it at some point... this could be a book that continues to grow - adding confessions as they come to mind....\n18 March 2007\n14 March 2007\n11 March 2007\nI love the colours of these lillies - they were just about dead and I was throwing them out but I had to capture their colours - from the pale pink through to an almost lilac/purple - gorgeous.\nThis is a piece of paper I created in the studio on Saturday - just playing around. A2 piece of white paper with misc bits and pieces collaged on - squared paper, lined paper, dressmaking pattern instructions, music script and book text -there's an art-o-matic stamp on there too! and then dressmaking pattern pieces glued over the top to tie everything together and neutralise it - I like the way you have to look quite hard to see the layers underneath.\nIts a work in progress - Its going to be the base for various other projects.....\nSo, I have to start thinking & making lists - and I love a list! (but these may not fit on the back of my hand like my shopping and 'to do' lists do ... well I can't forget where I put the list if its on the back of my hand can I ?!\nAaaanyway this was inspired partly by Elsie Flannigan's blo", "What type of produce does Lough Boora grow and deliver to customers", "What habits do successful singers follow to maintain their vocal health and express gratitude for their talents", "Blowjobs, blowjobs and more blowjobs! And a Bitch learns her Place!\n10 Billion Dollar Blowjob Ch 5\nOriginal story by Lisa. This will be the last Frankel and Lisa story; I hope you\u2019ve enjoyed them. Because of junk comments, I restricted comments to registered users for my last few stories.\nEventually all the girls were sold.\nWe took in over 5 million dollars on the sale of girls alone and an extra 3 million on selling whisper clips. One guy bought as many as fifty of the things.\n\"I teach women's studies at university,\" he told Lisa. \"There's an entire lecture hall of young, pretty feminists in bad need of conversion.\"\nLisa gave him an extra fifty clips for free.\n\"Next year\u2019s class,\" she said.\nOnce the hall was empty of bidders and girls Lisa went down on me again, sucking my cock with an almost animal lust as if she was working off a horniness that had been building all day.\nIt was nice to be alone again, me standing in the middle of the empty hall and Lisa naked on her knees, in front of me with her tits slapping together as her head bobbed up and down on my cock.\nI gripped her head as I came and flooded her mouth with cum, which I had let build throughout the day as I watched the girls blowing the bidders.\nShe moaned deeply and I knew she had cum too, as she often did at the taste of my cum.\nShe swallowed and licked some cum off her chin that had leaked out. Rather than stand she stayed on her knees and kissed and licked my balls as she looked up at me.\n\"We better get to bed soon,\" she said. \"The new girls arrive in the morning.\"\n\"New girls,\" I said. \"Already?\"\n\"Sure,\" she said. \"Two hundred this time. We need to speed up the rate of conversion. There's thousands on the waiting list.\"\nHow any one of these girls thought they had any chance of winning the 10 billion dollars for the best blowjob was beyond me. Most of them didn't even get to suck my cock and I was the only judge (and had already come to an arrangement with Lisa with the money anyway - if you haven't read the other chapters don't whinge to me about not knowing what is going on, just read them).\nAs we walked back to our room I asked Lisa if she really thought she could convert every adult female into a blowjob addict who gave head on demand.\n\"Of course I can,\" she said. \"I've planned this very carefully. I have a factory mass producing the whisper clips already. Once men can see what they do by my estimates every single adult female in the entire world will be converted by the end of the year.\"\n\"But,\" I said. \"But that's impossible. It will mean the end of the world. Society will collapse.\"\nShe laughed then as if I had said something stupid.\n\"Why?\" she asked. \"Why would it mean that? You've seen the girls. After a few days they are their old selves again. Only now they drop to their knees on demand. I can't see how it changes anything.\"\nAnd with that she jumped into bed.\n\"Another blowjob?\" she asked.\nShe wasn't asking me if I wanted one. She was asking if she could give me one - Lisa was insatiable when it came to giving head and swallowing.\nI hate to say it but I was just too tired and had to turn her down.\n\"In the morning then,\" she said and rolled over and went to sleep.\nI woke up and found my cock was already in her mouth. I was as hard as a rock and Lisa was making these delightful slurping noises as she sucked my cock like a vacuum cleaner.\nI could feel her tongue flicking around the head of my cock and my balls tightened as she softly stroked her fingers across them. I gripped her head and came in her mouth causing her to scream as she climaxed herself.\n\"Thanks,\" she said and swallowed.\nTo Lisa cum was like her morning coffee. But she wasn't finished yet. She kept her lips around my cock and managed to walk bent over with my cock in her mouth as I got up and made breakfast. She was so skilled I never went soft as she licked and sucked me as I sat in front of the television and had my morning toast.\nOn the morning news was a report that caught my interest. It seemed there had been an outbreak of indecent behaviour in various parts of the country. A reporter was standing in front of our blowjob school. I turned up the volume as she spoke, Lisa turned her eyes toward the screen but didn't stop sucking.\nThe reporter was a young blonde with a very impressive set of tits pushing up against a white shirt.\n\"In all cases the women had either taken part in the 10 billion dollar blowjob contest or knew a man that had visited this school recently. As I said earlier all the women involved in these cases of public fellatio were wearing a clip behind their ears similar to this one.\"\nAnd the bimbo reporter put the clip on. Lisa burst out laughing around my cock and managed to mumble \"She'll never get it off again.\"\nThe effect on the reporter of the clip was incredible. Her eyes glazed over in seconds.\n\"Oh my God,\" said Lisa. She lifted her head up and jerked me off as she watched the screen. \"I've never seen it work so fast!\"\nAnd sure enough the reporter dropped to her knees and began crawling towards the cameraman. She started to unbuckle his pants when it cut back to the studio.\n\"We, ah, seem to have, um,\" said a baffled young female news presenter as she and her male co presenter struggled to understand what they had just seen. Lisa was laughing so hard she was crying and I had to stand up to get my cock back in her mouth to make her calm down.\n\"I came across one of these clips in a store yesterday,\" said the male newsreader producing one from his pocket. \"The man who sold it to me said it was a new fashion accessory that all women needed.\"\n\"Really,\" said the female presenter. \"Looks kind of like a hearing aid. Do we have any word from Kate Jenkins yet? Do we know if she is OK?\"\nSuddenly the male newsreader sprang at his female colleague and snapped the whisper clip onto her head. Again the effect seemed immediate.\nHer eyes clouded over and she started taking her shirt off. Just as her bra was exposed and her co-anchor started pushing her head down the picture went to test pattern.\nAs if pleased with her work, Lisa smiled.\n\"Must be the new batch of clips,\" she said. \"We increased the pleasure reward. Seems to have increased their potency.\"\nShe lowered her head and began sucking my cock again.\nJust as I was beginning to feel my orgasm build there was a knock on the bedroom door. Lisa kept sucking as I crossed the room and opened the door to see who could possibly be inside the school at this hour.\nIt was Mr Potter, the billionaire who had started this whole thing. He looked down at Lisa and smiled knowingly.\n\"Mr Potter,\" I said. I couldn't believe how well he looked for a dying man. \"How can I help you?\"\nWithout asking he took Lisa's head in his hands, pulled out his cock and put it into her obedient mouth.\n\"We need to talk,\" he said, moaning slightly as he felt the glory if Lisa's mouth for the first time.\n\"What about?\" I asked.\n\"Well,\" he said. \"Turns out I am not dying after all. Bad diagnosis by a bad doctor. My new doctor tells me I could live for decades.\"\n\"Oh,\" I said. \"Does that mean the deal is off too?\"\n\"Well,\" he said, pushing Lisa's head down so that her nose was buried in his belly. \"I'm a man of my word so the deal is still on. But I want to change it slightly given the change in circumstances.\" He was breathless now so I knew he was close to cumming in Lisa's incredible mouth. I let him have his moment before asking anything else.\nLisa seemed to have yet another orgasm as the cum burst inside her throat and when he let her head go, she licked up and down the shaft.\n\"What changes?\" Lisa asked the question. I was a little distracted by watching her cum filled mouth do its work.\n\"Well, I'll still give the money away. But it has to go to Lisa. I've been watching what you've been doing here and I have to say I fell a little bit in love. I want to be your business partner, Lisa. I'll finance your operation; give you the full ten billion. I simply ask for a fifty per cent cut on all p", "ra 3 chips will have five times the performance and is expected to appear in tablets within a few months.\nHowever, one name not mentioned was Intel, maker of the Atom mobile chip. The NVIDIA boss did little to comfort the chipmaker\u2019s shaky tablet position when he remarked that the coming onslaught of tablets should not replace the \u201ctraditional notebook.\u201d\nAdditionally, NVIDIA plans to offer a desktop processor (codenamed \u201cDenver\u201d) to coincide with Windows 8. That Microsoft software will be the first version of Windows to support either Intel or ARM.", "The iPad has already killed netbooks, and now it\u2019s starting to do the same to laptops. Within five years, the iPad might even kill off the Mac, says NVIDIA\u2026 replacing it with ARM-based machines that can outperform even the speediest Intel processors.\nThat\u2019s the word from NVIDIA head Huang Jen-Hsun, who Sunday stunned a Computex crowd by announcing his company will ship 10 million of its Tegra chips by June. The company\u2019s new line of mobile chips (based on ARM\u2019s processor and NVIDIA\u2019s graphics) is expected to do even more but use less power. The Teg", "of time, practice the vocal monk. What this means is you are limiting the amount in which you speak prior to the performance to reduce the strain on your vocal cords. In the end you want to ensure you either have minimal talking or ideally no talking outside of the performances. Furthermore you must never yell or scream as that\u2019ll strain your vocal cords even further.\nLive A Healthy Lifestyle\nWe all know how smoking impacts a person voice, however it\u2019s not just smoking that affects that. A lot of singers these days live a very healthy lifestyle. It\u2019s very rare for them to party every night, and drink and eat whatever they want. No, they treat themselves like an athlete before a game. Even when they are not performing.\nThe last habit that successful singers have is they express gratitude for their gift. Believe it or not, not every person has the ability to sing, let alone sing well. Some will never have the opportunity to sing at all.\nIt\u2019s this particular gift that singers have that they should be grateful for and they are. Most of them devote some time during the day to express their thanks. Thanks that they could sing, that their training has paid off, and that they can perform and do what they love. And above all they express their gratitude for being able to share their talents with the world.\nThese habits don\u2019t just apply to singers, they apply to aspiring singers or simply other people who look up to singers. In our own ways singers are people we an aspire to be or get motivated from, they are our voice in some sense. So who wouldn\u2019t want to pick up these habits", "Jeff Merrill reports that Friday night's IGFA Dinner & Auction at Mike Doolan's in Spring Lake is sold out. No tickets will be available at the door.\nStriper clamming in Raritan Bay and jigging in the ocean both dropped off today. After Tuesday's hot jigging off Mantoloking, Bobby Matthews at Fishermen's Den in Belmar Marina said the herring must have moved because the boats who tried for them today were unsuccessful.\nAs noted in yesterday's blog, clamming for stripers was very good in Raritan Bay on Tuesday. Yet, it was completely different today. The Sea Hunt", "threatens us as a nation, shallow pride which feeds off fear, and mostly from the promises which have proven so deceiving these past ten years.\" Change \"ten\" to \"four,\" and you get the idea. The rest of the essay is stunningly humble, and it is simply a call to be citizens with eyes and ears open, to allow that maybe the powerful are more concerned with keeping power than with admitting error. And it is horribly, frighteningly prescient. What people forget about Kerry's protest days is that he was defending the lives of soldiers and that he was right.\nKerry vs. Reagan: When Kerry faced down the Reagan administration in his dogged pursuit of the Contra-drug connection, he was a freshman Senator taking on one of the most popular Presidents in American history. Instead of backing down from repeated threats to his political career, Kerry had his staff stay on the case like a viper injecting venom into your leg. They would have had to cut off his head in order to get him to stop, and he stayed on it until he revealed that the Reagan administration allowed the Contras to smuggle cocaine into the U.S. in order to fund their CIA-led \"war\" against the legally-elected Sandinistas in Nicaragua. (And thus helping to cause the crack epidemic.) Kerry was called a conspiracy theorist, said to be interfering with other drug cases, and impugned throughout the media. But the part that rarely got told is that he was right.\nKerry vs. Bush I: When Kerry went after the Bank of Credit and Commerce International, which was involved in laundering the Contra drug money, funneling money from the U.S. to Saddam Hussein (when he was our beloved dictator), and supporting illegal arms trade with terrorists and drug lords (including Afghanistan), it was his first chance to take on the Bush dynasty. When Bush I was in power, the administration and the CIA overlooked the crimes of BCCI, possibly because the bank was intimately involved in the financial dealings of the Bush family. Kerry had already kicked ass on the savings and loan scandals of the 1980s, so why not fuck with George H.W. Bush if 41 was fucking over the good of the country and the world? He brought down BCCI, and he cut off a vital funding source for terrorists. Again, Kerry was bucking the will of Democrats in Congress, as well as a Republican administration, in order to do what he knew was right.\nListen closely and tell anyone you know who is still thinking about voting for Bush: has Bush ever, personally, faced down anyone other than with a chant of \"Drink, drink, drink\"? Has he ever gone against someone who was really, truly powerful in order to place the good of the people above his own good? No. Heroes do that - they don't care what's in their way - they will face down evil, no matter how powerful. And they don't bother with those who are too weak to fight. It's why the latest news from Iraq fanned the fire: those in charge have screwed us over again, and Kerry's ready to bring the superhero costume out. Call him \"the Winter Soldier.\"\nKerry's done a fuck of a lot more than pull a guy out of a river. And the fact that America doesn't know that says a great deal about how we negotiate our desolate political landscape", "How did the puppy Charlotte respond to the snowy hike and what mistake did the owners make regarding her climbing the fire tower", "Posted on 22nd April 2017 by JN Wine\nEarlier this month I had the incredible opportunity to visit Bordeaux for the first time. This region has become the powerhouse of the wine-producing world, and I was hugely excited to experience it for myself. The entire wine-world descends on Bordeaux at this time every year to taste the barrel samples of the previous autumn\u2019s harvest. The area is buzzing with excitement as critics, merchants and enthusiasts visit the beautiful chateaux, take in the vineyards, and, most importantly, taste the wines, all while getting a feel for the vintage. As these powerful, long-lived wines are so young, I was bracing myself, and my teeth and gums, for a bumpy ride. But was pleasantly surprised. The wines from the 2016 vintage are incredibly approachable even in their infancy. A warm, pleasant summer, unhampered by rain or the dreaded hail, resulted in perfectly ripe grapes; the resulting wines showed juicy fruit, bright acidity, and all the other hallmarks of an extremely pleasant vintage indeed.\nBordeaux and its vineyards is a real must see for any wine enthusiast. The city itself is well worth a visit, not least for the incredible Cit\u00e9 du Vin museum, showcasing all thing vinous. Straight off the plane we had a tasting here of the 2016 Haut-Bailly wines, followed by a glass of wine on the top floor bar with wonderful views of the city.\nThe next day, with a misty, atmospheric dawn, we hit the road early to head out to the Left Bank. The vineyard area of Bordeaux is split in to 3 main areas. The Left Bank is closest to the coast, and where the city of Bordeaux centres, the Right Bank is on the opposite side of the Gironde Estuary that divides the region in two, and further south is Entre-Deux-Mers, \u201cbetween two rivers\u201d (or \u2018seas\u2019), famous for its white wines. The soils in the Left Bank are more suited to Cabernet Sauvignon, and here it rules the roost. When you\u2019re driving through the (surprisingly flat) vineyards here, famous names are left, right and centre \u2013 Chateau Montrose, Lynch Bages, Palmer, Talbot. The rather uninteresting landscape is made up for by the fabulous chateaux \u2013 fairytale castles with towering turrets and sweeping driveways. They don\u2019t do things by half here, including the wines; it is shaping up to be a fabulous vintage for the Left Bank. Here we visited Chateau Lafite with its fabulous artwork and grand tasting room, Mouton Rothschild, the beautiful Chateau Margaux, Pichon Lalande, Chateau Batailley, Leoville Poyferre, to name a few.\nI discovered that all these world-famous,", "If you\u2019ve ever been to the physio for neck pain or low back or even shoulder pain, you will have noticed they spent a decent amount, if not the majority, of time working on your mid-upper back (\u201cthoracic\u201d) mobility. The reason so much time and emphasis is put on the thoracic is this:\nThink of the amount of time the average person sits at a desk or in a car or stands chatting on the phone. This entire time, your thoracic spine is working overtime to take on all the forces that your neck loads it up with. So if you\u2019re sitting at a computer, poking your head forward to stare at the screen, the weight of your heavy head travels down to your spine and gets stored right in the middle of your back. Now as these forces continue to build up, your thoracic gets stiffer and stiffer. As a result, when you need to move to pick something up or paddle to catch that wave; because y", "What services are offered by the Travel Lodging Directory Services Division", "What were the findings of the tests conducted on the Tesco Simply Roast Meatloaf packs", "What should groups consider regarding the use of uniforms while traveling or during adventures", "Bridgehampton Custom Home Building Management, Inc is a privately-owned and operated company with many years of experience in this very personal business of building homes. We are a small but powerful team of professionals who take our work to heart.\nWe know that you have thought endlessly about your dream home. You've sketched and re-sketched as your ideas have evolved and as you\u2019ve seen what others have done in their homes. But this one is different \u2013 it is yours. It will embody you, from the layout of the floor plan to the most intricate details. Your home is about you, first and foremost.\nWe will give you sound guidance and clear advice. W", "What should individuals ensure when planning to place a dumpster on the street during a rental period", "What notable experiences did the author have while visiting vineyards in Bordeaux", "What are some practices that successful singers do outside of intense practicing to improve their voices", "According to the text, what are the implications of a person's ascension when it comes to the development of their mental, emotional, and physical bodies", "What colors does the wrap contain and what are the care instructions for the polyester blend fabric", "Football has come a long way from the kickabouts where it started. It has grown into a multibillion-pound industry watched by millions around the world. Not bad for a game that just involved people kicking a pig\u2019s bladder about a field or street. As the game developed there was soon a need to step up the organization and the first clubs started to emerge. You can bet these football pioneers would have jumped at the chance of some Football Training drill Videos not they had the internet in the nineteenth century.\nAnd it is to the eighteen hundreds that we have to go to find not only England\u2019s oldest club but the worlds. It is Notts County who hold the honor of being the very first football club. Playing in black and white Stripes, as they still do today they earned the nickname the Magpies but they are more commonly just known as Notts or Pies. They began in 1862 and have experienced pretty much all it is to be a football club from being in all four divisions to winning the FA Cup at least once. They have been up and down the leagues plus even out of it and suffered financial hardships on several occasions. Amazingly they have survived even providing the kit colors for a team that has had a bit more success Juventus.\nFollowing closely behind is the Stoke Ramblers, or Stoke City as they became, bei", "What type of book does the author mention creating for their confessions", "What actions did UK supermarkets take in response to the discovery of horse DNA in beef products", "All throughout Monrovia there are street vendors selling everything under the sun \u2013 out of wheelbarrows they push down the roads, in plastic baskets and buckets they carry on their heads, off cloths they lay down on the pavement to display their wares, and on makeshift tables and stands.\nIn particular, there are a lot of women selling fruits and vegetables, usually clustered in certain areas around town. There isn\u2019t a huge array of produce, but you will easily", "raved copper rollers Dimensions: 26. 5cm/10. 5?? Care advice for your plate Our products are microwave and dishwasher safe. We recommend using low temperatures and liquid detergents when washing, or alternatively washing by hand and drying with a soft cloth. Unsuitable for oven and freezer use. For Dimensions and Capacities please click here. For more information about Shipping please click here.\nEarn 0Reward points", "Almost anywhere! Just ensure your Group stays within our Adventure Standards.\nYes. The Two Scouter Rule is our MUST DO safety tool. It ensures the safety of both the Scouter and youth with security provided by the second Scouter.\nParents are responsible for arranging transport of their children to and from Group and Section Scouting adventures.\nParents may arrange transportation by family members or other parents taking children to and from the activity. If the other parent asked to transport youth is also a Scouter the The Two Scouter Rule applies, this means the lone Scouter may not transport youth to and/or from meetings. If Scouters are to do this there must be two Scouters in attendance.\nWithin your youth's MyScouts account, under \"Member Options\" ---> \"Emergency Information\" you can list if you would like your Emergency Contact to also be permitted to pick up your child.\nGuide your Scouters and parents of youth attending the adventure to ensure all of their medical and emergency contact information is correct and up to date.\nRun any reports your Group feels they may want to print & travel with.\nFundraisers! Here is a link to fundraising resources\nScouts Popcorn has been our largest fundraiser since 1989!\nScoutrees has been our longest running fundraiser starting in 1972!\nTo find out about fundraisers that may be happening locally visit your Council website. Here is a link to our Regional Map where you can connect to your Council's website.\nIndependent Group fundraisers initiated by a participants or a Scouter's idea can be anything your mind can come up with given safety is maintained. Make sure these fundraisers are within our Section an", "\u201cDeondra\u201d means Divine.\nThis headwrap is named after my good, good friend, soror, and fellow Taurus. We find laughter and silver linings, in all of life\u2019s treasures.\nThe", "form of self-soothing in adults.\nIn soothing ourselves, we are choosing to do what is easiest or most comfortable. In the context of the post-work workout, watching television is much easier than going for a three-mile run.\nThe question, then, is how can we change our behavior to live healthier lives? Gallagher says that the science of neural-plasticity has revealed that our brains can be reprogrammed. Those ingrained behaviors or tendencies that we picked up during childhood can be corrected.\n\u201cBegin by just watching. Watching your thoughts [and] watching your behaviors,\u201d says Gallagher.\nOnce you have identified the triggers of your negative thoughts, Gallagher says you should be aware of them and try to keep them from developing. Prevention of negative thinking can come in a variety of forms. Positive self-talk and support groups are helpful resources.\nIf you exercise by yourself, finding someone to exercise with and exercising regularly can be strong motivators.\n\u201cSurround yourself with people who are up to the kinds of things you want to be up to,\u201d Gallagher says.\nGallagher also says that \u201cit\u2019s really easy to fall off the wagon.\u201d However, by creating connections with the right people and surrounding yourself with people going through similar experiences will make it much easier to overcome those sometimes cripplingly negative thoughts and get off the couch", "What type of products does HQTelecom.com specialize in", "What does the name 'Deondra' mean", "What kind of meeting was the protagonist supposed to attend before being called into the conference room", "But, but, but ...\n... where's Attack of the Killer Tomatoes?\nQuite possibly the worst film ever made.\n47 posts \u2022 joined 2 Apr 2008\n... where's Attack of the Killer Tomatoes?\nQuite possibly the worst film ever made.\n\"... while Microsoft looks 10 years ahead\"\nLike they were doing when that Internet thing caught them wrong-footed a few years ago?\nTitle: K[i]lling ID [C]ards and the NIR - the Tory and LibDem [P]lans\nPage 2, Para. 1: \"... as it was when my [R]ight [H]on. friend was shadow Home Secretary ...\"\n\"That prior to today, the previous Microsoft school agreement required every computer, whether it is a Mac or running Linux - still required a Windows license?\"\nAnd BECTArd just handed over the money?\nThe public sector, it seems, has much to learn about basic economics and/or haggling skills. One still wonders how it is possible to determine that giving a company money is in any way cheaper than not giving a company money.\nWhy on earth are we conditioning our children to a single vendor's proprietary systems, rather than exposing them to multiple systems? To whine about lack of qualified/trained staff is simply to reinforce the same problem. Why not train the kiddies this generation so they are in a position to capitalize on their knowledge when they enter the job market?\nOh silly me.\nClearly someone is either incredibly dumb, or being given an annual backhander the size of Wales. Can't imagine which one is more likely.\n\"Consumers need firewall protection, Web protection, antispam and identity safeguards - these are among the essentials when it comes to security, and you can only get them through a full Internet security suite provided by security experts. \"\nI've been called round to look at people's machines after they've been \"protected\" with a paid-for McAfee or Symantec product, and nine times out of ten the punter just wants their computer working faster, not necessarily safer. All they want to be able to do is read emails from their kids and grandkids in something less than geological time. Install AVG Free and they're happy bunnies.\nSo based on my admittedly small-scale empirical evidence I'd opine most home Windows users would prefer a not-so-intrusive level of protection, rather than all-out fingers-in-every-pie protection.\nOkay, I may be missing something here, but:\nPara. 2: \"Microsoft's Public License (MS-PL) is used by 1.3 per cent of open-source projects\"\nPara. 3: \"MS-PL is tenth in a list of licenses used by the community with [Mozilla Public License] coming ninth and used by 1.25 per cent of projects\"\nLike I say, I'm probably missing something, but surely 1.3 is not less than 1.25?\nYou use Outlook and its icon gets dumped into quick start bar whether you want it to or not. Outlook overwrites Thunderbird as default mail client whether you want it to or not. Someone other than Microsoft perform a similar \"enhancement\" and Microsoft cry foul?\nThis is my caring face. Looks remarkably like my couldn't give a damn face.\nPara. 12: ...define \"Ubuntu\" [a]s an African concept of \"humanity towards others\".\nThat Bing managed to return results for \"Your arse both hands\", as frankly I wasn't expecting it to be able to achieve that.\nI wasn't so sure about the articles on anal insertion, prostate massage, fisting and so forth that really had nothing to do with the intent of my query. But at least the first two results were relevant.\nIn the interests of unpartizan opinionating I tried the same search using Google which returned four relevant results.\nWhich I guess \"proves\" either that Google is 100% better than Bing or that Bing is 50% crapper than Google.\nPara. 11: ... search box that likes to the search engine on the site itself.\nThink that should say links not likes!\nI'm not sure these folks have understood what malware/spyware is designed to achieve. Quite how they expect to shut down criminal gangs in other jurisdictions is a mystery to me. Perhaps their master plan involves purchasing multitudinous copies of AntiVirus2009 in order to prevent them from falling into the hands of naive users?\n... that this is the first step toward Embrace, Extend, Extinguish.\nNo amount of astroturfing or marketing-speak is going to convince me that this is not yet another move to monetise and fence off yet another thing that was working fine until Microsoft came along and \"helped\".\nGiven Microsoft's track record on Standards \"compliance\", why would we expect anything else?\nPersonally I would prefer our educational establishments focus on teaching English, Mathematics and Science to the exclusion of \"soft\" subjects such as Media Studies. I remember examinations being *hard*, and having to apply knowledge I'd gained to work out the answer, not just pick an option from multiple choice. I certainly don't recall being trained for months on end to pass an ultimately artificial and meaningless test simply to satisfy some governmental concept of \"quality control\".\nThere was a time when teenagers were capable of stringing sentences together in order to express themselves coherently. These days, it seems, children are taught to \"express themselves\" vaguely using cliches, \"like\" and \"you know\", forcing the onus of comprehension onto the listener, rather than articulating their thoughts and feelings clearly and succinctly to the benefit of all enjoying a conversation.\nEqually it seems, children get better marks in examinations for \"having a go\" than for providing clear, reasoned answers. Presumably taking part, and becoming at one with the herd, is far more important for children these days than striving to improve themselves as individuals.\nPerhaps the responsibility for falling educational standards does lie directly at our beloved government's feet. After all, if our children were taught to reason rationally and logically, and taught to express themselves clearly we could be in the devastating position of having a generation of adults who would no longer believe the pseudo-scientific claims made in advertisements for so-called beauty products, who could see the vacuous television programming endemic in our country for the content-free drivel that it truly was, who would no longer accept the spin and disingenuous pronouncements of a corrupt administration, and would possess the necessary vocabulary and language skills needed to express their displeasure clearly and coherently.\nWhat a terrible prospect that would be.\nSo scratch that. We need more pointless tests and more soft subjects. The less education our children receive during their time at school the better. Perhaps we should broaden History lessons to cover such important topics as Eastenders the early years?\ncounter-sues these idiots for being, well, idiots.\nYou seem to be able to sue anyone for anything in the US, so surely such a case would have more merit than most lawsuits?\nBest. Title. Evar!\nThank you for some much needed Friday lunchtime amusement, Mr Page!\nI sure hope they win.\nI wish them the best of British and/or Dutch luck.\nMunters in see-through apparel is something the average rail traveller can do without.\nOne shudders at the thought.\nHowever, if the female staff are pleasing to the eye then we should mount a campaign to ensure they receive more than adequate financial compensation from their employer for opting to show off their lovely norks.\n*shudders deliciously at that thought*\nNice to know the boys in Redmond take security as seriously as they always have.\nIncidentally, I've noticed MS have ceased to show the OS name during startup. Whilst this is quite understandable from a credibility standpoint, I feel that malware and virus writers are missing an important opportunity to have \"Pwned\" displayed in big letters across the splash screen (and maybe altering the \"progress bar\" into a ejaculating cartoon cock)\nMaking content-free speeches, demand that Something Must Be Done, then quietly do fuck all about it while simultaneously claiming Victory.\nI'm mildly surprised the stupid bitch didn't come up wit", "What is the Two Scouter Rule and why is it important for Scouting activities", "About Michael Klam\nMichael Klam organizes and hosts the Poetry & Art Series, which began in 2001 and features acclaimed musicians, visual artists, dancers, and poets. Klam edited A Year in Ink, Volume 6 of the San Diego Writers, Ink anthologies. He is executive editor of the San Diego Poetry Annual and a partner with the Border Voices Poetry Pr", "What activities did the couple engage in on Christmas Day while unable to travel home", "What opportunities does the current high vibrational energy provide for people regarding the ascension process", "What event was taking place in Guwahati when the explosion at the Kamakhya railway station occurred", "What predictions did NVIDIA's head make about the future of the iPad and its impact on laptops and Macs", "Why do physiotherapists focus on thoracic mobility when treating neck, low back, or shoulder pain", "What fruits does the author express a love for in the text", "ility to touch the lives of others and change the way they see the world. So let\u2019s write, about our beauty, our weaknesses, our emotions and anything we wish because it is all important. All we have to do is write. Continue reading Written: Lost in Translation\nWhen we think about love it can often be difficult to define it. What is it exactly? How do you know what you are feeling is true and authentic? A political comic and artist from New Zealand analyzes many different elements of love and what it really means. Continue reading A Love Story\nWhen you squint your eyes traffic lights brighten,\nreminding you that the city lights can cause fears to lighten.\nAnd when alone at twilight, looking up at the sky,\nstreet lights bring you comfort as day turns to nigh. Continue reading Pain\nDance with me please,\nor lets talk for awhile.\nCause I like when I\u2019m with you,\nwhen you make me smile.\nContinue reading Complicated\nPillows, blankets, and suitcases filled to the brim\nstuffed in the trunk of my car as I leave on a whim.\nRunning away has always been second nature to me,\nwhen life gets too tough, I pack up and flee. Continue reading Fle", "wrap contains the colors: pink, green, white and black.\nAll SALES FINAL\nThis is a polyester blend fabric, that should be machine washed cold, air dried and iron on low.", "What is expected to be the performance of the upcoming ARM chips in tablets compared to the existing options", "When you are renting a 5, 10, 15, 20, 30 or 40 yard dumpster, you want a company you can trust with prices that make you smile. Give us a call today and see the difference we can make in your next construction or clean out project.\nSimply give us a call and we will help you figure out your dumpster rental needs.\nOur dumpsters usually go out same-day or next-day depending on when you call.\nWe provide top-notch service, while going easy on your bottom line. What more could you ask for?\nOur trained operators are here to give you a fast and hassle-free experience from start to finish.\nOnce you are done, simply give us a call and we will get your dumpster picked up right away!\nOur staff is here to help whenever you need it. Simply pick up the phone and give us a call.\nMost cities or municipalities do not have many regulations regarding dumpster rental as long as you keep the dumpster entirely on your own property during the rental period. If you need to place your container on the street in any way, you will likely have to obtain a permit from the appropriate building permit office in your town. You can check with your local public works department to be sure.\nMost Joyce dumpster rental companies will take care of securing this permit for you if you rent from them. Make sure that if you\u2019re planning to put the dumpster on the street, the company has made the appropriate arrangements. You should also ensure that you get the permit in a timely manner and at the correct cost. If you thought the dumpster company was getting a permit and they did not, you will be the one who will have to pay the fine that is issued by the authorities.\nBefore they start seeking these dumpster rentals, they need to understand the type of box they would requirement for all their junk. This means that they must determine what size in terms of peak, width as well as length they desire. The dimensions will be determined by the work load they will accomplish as well as the height and width of garbage that could result from that. It will also be determined by the space on which the box will be located. The other matter they need to decide is the time in which they'll have these dumpsters inside their properties.\nWith regards to the extent of private property this tenant forgotten, you may have a tremendous cleaning challenge before you. Whether you have a folks or just by yourself and an link, emptying this rental is a challenge that can take 2 or 3 days. If you've been sensible and appointed a dumpster, you've made this challenge easier on yourself. You can take almost everything out to this dumpster instead of worrying about what is recyclable or could be donated to charity. Dumpster rental businesses will often look after sorting via items devote their dumpsters to see what can go to charity or even be reused precisely what can go to these recycling centers. There are hired a new dumpster, you'll need to take this effort yourself to reduce your costs with the local junk company.\nUpon renting a move off to your trash disposal on neighborhood cleanup, you will observe a chaos free neighborhood in no time. All the trash will probably be professionally treated and easily dumped into the dumpster without demanding your own intervention inside the project. One of the benefits of 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA businesses is they make certain that disposed junk is re-cycled in the environmental friendly fashion so, the likelihood of environmental pollution as part of your locality will probably be less which will reduce the event of rental destruction in your area.\nIn most in the places trash are chosen on weekly basis and there's a limitation associated with keeping trash outside house or office premises. With out companies like eateries, office buildings as well as residential apartments do not like to see the heap of trash in coming from of their buildings which can lower the standing of company, restaurant or housing apartments. At this time there came the impulse of several 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA service as well as garbage rubbish bin which can look after garbage. Dumpsters furnished by these rental businesses can be placed at the rear of the building as well as anywhere away from eyes and you need to take understand that it should be offered from road so that most of these rental companies can take the trash and unpack the dumpsters.\nI am not saying you want to shell out a fortune to get a trash 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce, WA, however! Here's a check out what you can do to get a good value on your rental (and never have to slip this dumpster fairy an extra thirty on the side!).\nActually, with a from the nearby junk removal assistance, you can last but not least say beneficial riddance to every final heap associated with trash near your property as well as free up your own indoor and outdoor living space for a whole brand new set of safe-keeping and utilization possibilities. Nearly all junk hauling services will certainly handle almost everything from appliance disposal to furniture disposal, with the exception of unsafe waste, mesothelioma materials, as well as medical supplies. You can even hold the dumpster dropped off at your residence and do the heavy lifting you to ultimately save on the ultimate cost of all that trash removing.\nThis specific piled up trash not only becomes a source of growing infectious conditions when piled up for long stretch of time, but also ruins good relations with friends and neighbors. There is no way that single individual can handle these types of huge a great deal of trash as well as clear the item immediately. They needs a assistance from professionals just like 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce companies that helps make your task hassle-free. They can remove the trash in no time on very affordable expense.\nRenting a dumpster creates a home renovation venture so much easier as well as faster and yes it doesn't have to cost you lots of money. There are smaller differences involving markets thus ask some sort of waste supervision professional along with specific questions you might have about your project ahead of deciding on the 8 Yard Dumpster in Joyce organization that's right for you.\nHoarding is a significant issue that impacts countless individuals, but there is aid available. In the event you or somebody needs aid overcoming compulsive hoarding as well as taking back again control over his or her life, grab the first step cur", "overty line in 2010 alone, while this year the administration\u2019s Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Tax Credit has benefited 2.2 million black families and nearly half of all black children.\nOther efforts that the report identifies as having a disproportionately positive impact on African Americans include subsidized jobs programs, increased funding for Pell Grants, mortgage-modification plans for distressed homeowners and health care reform.\u201d\nRead the rest of this story at TheRoot.com\nAnd check out the full report \u201cThe President\u2019s Agenda and the African American Community\u201d here.\nDo you think the Obama Administration has done enough\nto support the African American community?\nSound off below.", "oject. His book, Emma and the Buddha Frog (Puna Press), was a San Diego Book Awards finalist. Klam\u2019s most recent collection of poetry, The Cheapest Flight to Paradise, was released by Puna Press in 2018. His publishers are Puna Press and Garden Oak Press. He lives and surfs in San Diego with his wife Jennifer and children Emma, Henry, and Anya.", "some time now. So I'm not really surprised here.\"\nI pause and now I'm the one having trouble making eye contact with the Chief. God, I've been busting my ass, taking on all kinds of extra work, jumping through hoops to make myself indispensable, and still it came to this.\n\"I just need you to actually say the words, okay?\" I finally say to my boss.\nThe Chief is a pretty decent human being. She has always been kind to me. So her eyes are swimming with tears when she finally gets the words out:\n\"MM, we have to let you go.\"\nWell, God damn it.\nEighteen years. Two trade magazines, a book publisher, and two large national consumer magazines. Assistant to associate to senior-associate to senior to senior-staff to deputy. Every nine years, I doubled my salary. I slept well each night knowing that I provided for my family, and helped provide for lots of other deserving folks too--my publication's readers; my friends in the business; new writers--some of them patrons of this very blog-- desiring a foot in the door, a single, first break into the biz.\nI was pleased and not a little proud to think I had built up a career of distinction and value and accomplishment that was uninterrupted by the thing I had dreaded so much as a child, sitting at the dinner table in Goffstown, New Hampshire, and listening as my Dad explained to me what \"laid-off\" meant. He was at such pains to differentiate it from being fired, but all I understood was that, fired or laid-off, unemployed was unemployed.\nAnd that's what I am now.\nYeah, yeah, I know, I know. There are a lot of people in a lot worse shape. A lot worse. I have no problem putting the situation in perspective for myself. I just didn't think I'd actually have to start finding that perspective right now, today.\nSo, now you know.\nIf you'll excuse me, I have to go to bed so I can get up in the morning and go sign up for unemployment benefits. Maybe I'll post something else later tomorrow. Maybe I'll be in a better mood then.\nBut don't count on it.\nFrom Nowhere on the Masthea", "What does the speaker believe about the use of Roberts Rules of Order with the group", "Adam and Jason Tilford opened their new restaurant, Mission Taco Joint, on Thursday. It\u2019s located in the Delmar Loop and serves burritos, tacos, and tortas. Being a fan of Milagro, I made a point of stopping in for the opening.\nA lot of people think it is uncool to review a restaurant on opening night. I tend to agree, but I also know a lack of available information on new places can deter people from taking a chance. So hopefully this post will help give a little information on a new place from some already successful restaurateurs.\nI started with the wild mushroom huarache. This was a crisped corn masa boat topped with refried black beans, mushrooms, huitlacoche, goat cheese, arugula, and Mexican crema. If you love mushrooms like I do, you need to try this dish.\n- Roasted duck (left) \u2013 shredded chile roasted duck, crispy pork belly, avocado serrano sauce.\n- Yucatan chicken (middle) \u2013 achiote marinate chicken, pickled onion, fiery arbol salsa, and queso fresco.\n- Cochinita pibil (right) \u2013 achi", "we are targeting the city ultimately or ideally to be 50% Hong Kong people and 50% local people together with people from around the world\u201d.\nKo and other backers of the project have emphasised the need for the Irish government and local authorities to work closely with private investors in order for the project to be a success for all parties. Ko added that, \u201cpost-Brexit, such a new city would help make Ireland more attractive for international financial services\u201d.\nPaddy Malone, PRO of Dundalk Chamber of Commerce, was among a group from the chamber who met with the Victoria Harbour Group in Dundalk yesterday.\nFollowing the meeting, Malone said the Hong Kong investors \u201chave identified that we have a very strong infrastructure in most areas\u201d, commenting on our broadband and road network in particular. He further stated that the investors emphasised the need for a light rail, regional hospital, and a university, but specified that such developments are \u201call on agenda with the 2040 plan\u201d.\nAdam O\u2019Sullivan \u2013 Reporte", "What type of fishing techniques were used by Capt. Hans Kaspersetz and Capt. Dereck Bielitz during their trips", "What accomplishments did John Kerry achieve while facing both Reagan and Bush I administrations", "What are the two dishes mentioned as the reviewer\u2019s favorites at Mission Taco Joint", "or willing to hypothesise, but one can't help thinking that it was something to do with the migration from Pipex to Tiscali.\nReinstating the service apparently takes longer than it would for a new broadband connection to be provided. A new connection can be made in 10 days, reactivating an existing paid for account takes 16 days.\nThis email balls-up sounds like yet more of the same uselessness. As I said to the client after explaining to them that despite them paying for a service, their provider had taken it into their heads to kill their service and keep taking the money, this kind of incompetence requires years of practice.\nYet another well thought through idea from our beloved government.\nSurely no-one would be so underhand as to use a fake ID card/passport when purchasing a new handset would they?\nSo we would have a massive database containing the details of every law-abiding inhabitant of this country, but not one of those pesky baddies would be on there as they don't play the game the way government think they should.\nI'm still struggling to comprehend how the set of all law abiding persons is going to magically contain the set of all non-law abiding persons.\nObviously I don't understand set theory as well as our beloved leaders.\nNow Microsoft know how the rest of us feel.\n... why HM Gov are so keen to avoid prosecuting BT and Phorm for doing the same thing. After all, if it's found to be illegal for business, surely it couldn't possibly, even remotely be illegal for our beloved government to do the same, now, could it?\n... Microsoft making a big hoo-ha about adding features to their second-rate browser that have been available in the competition for years, whilst trying to make it sound like they're \"innovating\".\nRemember the fanfare when they wheeled out tabbed browsing like it was the Second Coming?\nThis is hardly news.\nIf Orange Poland had paid for actors, and been exposed for doing so by a third party, then it would be news. But as things stand:\n\"Nothing to see here. Move along, folks.\"\n... there was a Linux option.\nI really can't see Vistard running (or should that be stumbling?) at anything approaching a usable speed, which can only negatively impact Asus's sales.\n\" Oops... the leaves fell off and we're temporarily unable to load that page.\nIf you go back a page and try again it may work just fine. If not, check out our support site for more information. \"\nIf I try to click on anything picturey.\nYou might have thought a bit of testing may have been performed before being given over to the public. Not that they ever seem to bother testing their OSes so not sure why I expected to view a working/usable product.\n\"Suggestion for the Post Office... why not set up a rival to e-bay with minimal fees and transfer payment to the seller automatically on delivery? They already have a network of pick-up/drop-off points, and seem to need more business...\"\nBut wouldn't that mean they'd have to actually do some work?\nHey, no offense to you or any of the other reasonable 'Merkins!\n... that Amanfrommars was very nearly comprehensible?\nNice to see Jim The Boss failing to a) spell b) punctuate c) use upper and lower case (big and little letters) d) get the point of humour e) realise we don't care what he thinks. Gotta be a Merkin, surely?\nSo I can pay BT \u00a35 per month for the rest of my life to back up 50GB of data (say another 40 years = \u00a32395.20), or I could pay a one-off cost of \u00a350 for a 500GB external USB disk to backup to and maintain control of my data independant of ISPs, broadband network failures, etc., etc. and not have my data being held to ransom.\nFor the life of me I can't fathom out which of the two options would be more cost-effective.\nNeedless to say I chose not to sign-up to the Digital Vault bollocks when it was first touted.\n> The rate they keep aborting female foetuses, India will end up with too many men.\nThere was a radio programme earlier in the year (it might even have been last year) that told of a poor man who was pretty much forced to share his wife with a local rich man. Neither male seemed to be particularly happy with the arrangement. I'm not sure either of them sought the woman's opinion.\nAlso I recall seeing a programme on TV about women who were married and then murdered for their dowries. Sadly these crimes never seem to get investigated properly. Especially if those alleged to have committed the crimes are rich and/or powerful.\nSeems to me the situation will only get worse.\n> Not knowing what Tom was talking about, I checked to see if you needed something unusual to view their site. Having been there, I still don't know what Tom was talking about, but I have gained a headache.\nBlimey that website's a tad on the loud side!\nSeems to work fine in Linux, although I didn't try booking anything as a) I don't want to buy a flight b) I'm not sure I could prevent my eyes from bleeding.\nThey do seem to have the wrong attitude towards their customers though. One would have thought they would be pleased to get as much business as they could.\nFor 6 years or so. Back then we were so impressed with them that we started using them for all our client's webspace, email, etc.\nI concede that their \"support\" has deteriorated quite badly over recent years. When I first signed up with them they had a team based in the UK who were both knowledgeable and helpful.\nThese days \"talking\" with the outsourced providers is an exercise in futility, as they seemingly have no comprehension of basic English, and (this is not really their fault!) I sometimes have severe difficulty understanding them over the incredibly bad VOIP line.\nThat said, *my* website(s), email, PHP and databases have been available without noticable interruption for that whole 6+ year period. Sadly one or two of our customers have not been quite so lucky.\nI started laughing when I reached that part, and didn't stop laughing until I nearly choked to death on my coffee.\nWhen are Microsoft going to finally withdraw Vista and give everyone XP SP3, Apple or Linux vouchers so users can obtain an OS that, well, works?\nThink I'll re-read the article just to give myself some more early-morning merriment!\nI'm somewhat flabbergasted that it is considered necessary to add these five words to the dictionary in the first place. Surely any end user who *wants* those words in their dictionary would have added them already?\nThat there is no way for these words to be inserted into the main dictionary without replacing the entire database is also rather disturbing. I would have thought adding a few rows into a database was pretty trivial, even for Microsoft.\nNice to see Microsoft taking so much care with these few words. But it's a shame that they don't update our dictionaries for us every time a new word is coined.\nI installed SP3 on my laptop.\nWindows starts as normal, and allows me to open various programs.\nIn fact my computer works just as it did before I installed SP3.\nObviously this Service Pack is bugged.\nthink this looks like an on/off switch?\nAnd seriously, \u00a3100k for a 3 circles and a splash of colour? Gonna be kinda hard convincing the locals that that's money well spent, I suspect.\n\"...before reusing the sequence\"\nJust to nit-pick, isn't the idea of a one-time pad that it is used only once?\nUs poor folk who don't have anti virus / malware protection on our Linux systems?\nHow exactly would The Banks attempt to enforce this anyway? How would they prove that a customer had not taken reasonable care? Or would they just opine that said customer was incompetent and treat that as proof?\nDespite BT's claims that their trials were \"legal\" what annoys me most is that they did not have the courtesy to advise their support staff and customers (who fund their advertising, ultimately) that they were conducting a trial.\nThe whole cloak and dagger, and denial of trials does not support their position as being trustworthy in any way. If I had been asked if I would be interested in participating in a trial I", "What pivotal moments in John Kerry's campaign are highlighted as indications of his character and legacy as a 'superhero'", "As a fairly wealthy, Caucasian woman, living in Canada, I have never been in a situation where I have had no where to go. For these individuals however, ones who have had to live with serious misfortunes for an extended period of time, are affected by the housing crisis. These individuals hope to share their stories in order to diminish the stereotypes and misconceptions surrounding the lives of individuals living on the streets. Continue reading Street Life\nWhy do I turn my back\nfrom those who really love me?\nWhy don\u2019t I tune my heart\nto those who really care? Continue reading Worth\nmy feet in the muck\nof the wrongful demands\nfrom those who have luck\non their sides. Continue reading Luck Doesn\u2019t Exist\nIt\u2019s okay to be alone sometimes, it can even be important. Do not forget how significant you are and how many people you influence. And when you think of such things, remember that even when you are alone, you are not forgotten. Continue reading Solitude: Lost in Translation\nOur words mean something important, whether we choose to believe it or not. What we write and what we share with the world impacts others; it has the capab", "find tomatoes, onions, garlic, greens, cucumbers, potatoes and sweet potatoes, plantains, and avocados (which Liberians neatly call \u201cbutter pears\u201d).\nI\u2019m not very good at eating my veggies, but I love the fruits they have for sale \u2013 pineapples, papayas (which Liberians and other Africans call \u201cpaw paw\u201d), oranges, apples, mangoes, guava, and bananas in more shapes, sizes, and flavours than you ever knew existed. My favourite are the small sweet fingerling bananas"]}