{"q_indices": [51, 38, 69, 17, 29, 22, 15, 24, 99, 44, 41, 57, 108, 73, 94, 60, 50, 70, 48, 78, 104, 123, 120, 74, 111, 64, 103, 54, 9, 26, 92, 31, 68, 125, 40, 12, 127, 96, 124, 63, 76, 32, 18, 30, 106, 67, 3, 13, 122, 86, 84, 56, 101, 59, 49, 88, 14, 71, 112, 114, 107, 91, 72, 25], "a_indices": [27, 55, 1, 126, 117, 115, 77, 52, 20, 90, 34, 37, 87, 66, 39, 105, 6, 8, 75, 23, 81, 121, 100, 0, 58, 116, 36, 89, 119, 45, 46, 85, 62, 118, 110, 16, 47, 109, 102, 19, 95, 61, 79, 113, 93, 28, 83, 80, 21, 65, 98, 82, 53, 11, 7, 43, 97, 42, 4, 2, 10, 33, 35, 5], "texts": ["re information.\n2253 Poipu Road\nKoloa Kauai, Hawaii 96756\nHours of Operation\nDinner \u2013 7 days a week 5:30pm - 9:00pm\nBar opens at 5:00pm", "Receiving pet insurance coverage is a really significant element of assuring the lengthy term wellness of your pet. The fees of caring for a pet can usually exceed these for caring for lots of of the ailments and situations that humans endure. In answer to the require for a way to manage fees for care, RSPCA Pet Insurance coverage was produced.\nWhen an person wants instant therapy for a pet, they usually have not factored in the fees that may well be involved in receiving that care. In lots of circumstances the fees of x-rays, surgery, or other forms of therapy can total many thousand dollars. Some veterinary hospitals charge many hundred dollars per day for a pet to be kept throughout recovery from surgery.\nThe fees for routine care can also be prohibitive. A lot of individuals do not take their pet to the vet often. The fees for a common verify-up are usually not a priority. In lots of circumstances, the situations and illnesses that a pet is hospitalized with, would have been found and treated extra affordably throughout a common verify-up.\nWhen a pet is observed by a vet on a common basis, receives routine vaccinations, and is treated for situations as they initially happen, they have a longer and healthier life. When the fees for this form of therapy has been prohibitive in the previous, nowadays a particular person can get insurance coverage that pays for these remedies.\nWhen a particular person has pet insurance coverage, the fees for routine and common care are integrated in the premium price that is paid each and every month. Prices and levels of insurance coverage differ to make it versatile and inexpensive for anybody with a", "These are defined to be those contracts in which the terms of the agreement are fully and openly incorporated at the time the contract is entered into, while implied contracts are such as arise by legal inference and upon principles of reason and justice from certain facts, or where there is circumstantial evidence showing that the parties intended to make a contract. 2 Bl. Com. 443. As contracts for subscription to stock contain no stipulation with reference to the rights of creditors and depositors, it is clear that such rights can only be asserted upon the theory that the subscriber impliedly bound himself to respond to any liability arising indirectly from his contract of subscription.\nWhether the promise raised by the statute was an implied contract not in writing or a liability created by statute, it is immaterial to inquire. For the purposes of this case it may have been both. The statute was the origin both of the right and the remedy, but the contract was the origin of the personal responsibility of the defendant. Did the statute make a distinction between them with reference to the time within which an action must be brought, it might be necessary to make a more exact definition; but as the action must be brought in any case within four years, it is unnecessary to go farther than to declare what seems entirely clear to us, that it is not a contract in writing within the meaning of \u00a7 10 of the Nebraska act. Hawkins v. Iron Valley Furnace Co. 40 Ohio St. 507.\nPlaintiff, however, insists that defendant's contract here sought to be enforced was not entered into between him and the bank, but between him and the creditors of the bank; that the order of the Comptroller of the Currency for the assessment of the shareholders did not create a cause of action or set the statute of limitations running, nor in any way affect the validity or duration of the right which belongs to the creditors to have this liability enforced; and that the action not being upon the contract of subscription, but upon the contract of the shareholder with the creditors of the bank, entered into by himself with the creditors through the agency of the officers of the bank, different considerations apply, and the statute of limitations does not operate as a bar so long as there are any outstanding claims against the bank.\nIn support of this proposition we are referred to \u00a7 2 of the act of June 30, 1876 (19 Stat. at L. 63, chap. 156), which declares 'that when any national banking association shall have gone into liquidation under the provisions of \u00a7 5220 of said Revised Statutes, the individual liability of the shareholders provided for by \u00a7 5151 of said Statutes may be enforced by any creditor of such association, by bill in equity in the nature of a creditors' bill, brought by such creditor on behalf of himself and of all other creditors of the association against the shareholders thereof,' etc.; and we are cited to several cases holding that claims against shareholders under similar statutes do not become barred until the expiration of the time at which the claims against the corporation also became barred.\nThere are several answers to this position. Section 5220, to which the 2d section of the act of June 30, 1876, is supplementary, contemplates only a voluntary liquidation, providing, as it does, that 'any association may go into liquidation and be closed by the vote of its shareholders owning two thirds of its stock.' Richmond v. Irons, 121 U. S. 27, 47, 30 L. ed. 864, 870, 7 Sup. Ct. Rep. 788, 797. Now, the Capital National Bank did not go into voluntary liquidation, but, as averred in the bill, 'the Comptroller of the Currency of the United States became and was satisfied of the insolvency of the said Capital National Banking Association,' and thereupon appointed a receiver. In other words, the proceedings were taken under \u00a7 5234 as supplemented by \u00a7 1 of the act of June 30, 1876, authorizing the Comptroller of the Currency to appoint a receiver when the association had refused to pay its circulating notes and is in default, or he is otherwise satisfied of its insolvency.\nBut it is also sufficient to say of this that the action is not brought by the creditors under the 2d section of the act of June 30, 1876, but by the receiver under Rev. Stat. \u00a7 5234. In such cases no debt becomes due to the receiver as such until a deficiency has been ascertained and an assessment made, when the statute begins to run. Scovill v. Thayer, 105 U. S. 145, 26 L. ed. 968; Hawkins v. Glenn, 131 U. S. 319, 33 L. ed. 184, 9 Sup. Ct. Rep. 739. Upon the theory of the plaintiff, if the statute of limitations were pleaded, it would become necessary for the receiver to show that there were outstanding claims against the bank which were not barred by the statute, and therefore that the bill might be maintained. This would involve a departure from the whole theory of the bill in this case, which is based upon the allegation that the Comptroller of the Currency made an assessment upon the stockholders June 10, 1893, payable July 10, from which latter date plaintiff claimed interest. Defendant demurred to this upon the ground that the bill set forth a cause of action barred by the statute, and plaintiff went to a hearing upon this demurrer and was defeated. Obviously he cannot now set up a right to recover, if the creditors had brought a bill under another statute, to which no allusion is made in the bill in this case, and which provides for a wholly separate and independent remedy.\nPlaintiff's final contention, that no cause of action arises until a demand has been made, is also fully met by the allegation of the bill that on June 10, 1893, the Comptroller of the Currency made an order in which he declared that he had made an assessment and requisition upon the shareholders, 'and that he did thereby make demand upon each and every share of the capital stock of the said association,' and directed the receiver to take proceedings by suit to enforce the individual liability of the shareholders. Having made this allegation himself, we do not understand upon what theory the plaintiff now assumes that no demand was made.\nIn the view we take of the statute of limitations, we have not thought it worth while to consider the points made by the defendant, that the action should have been at law, and that the bill is defective for the want of proper parties.\nThere was no error in the decree of the court below, and it is therefore affirmed.\nCC\u2205 | Transformed by Public.Resource.Or", "What challenges are identified regarding the future of Turkey and Mesopotamia after peace is restored", "JOHN W. McDONALD, Receiver, etc., v. DAVID E. THOMPSON.\n184 U.S. 71 (22 S.Ct. 297, 46 L.Ed. 437)\nJOHN W. McDONALD, Receiver, etc., Appt. v. DAVID E. THOMPSON.\nArgued: January 13, 14, 1902.\nDecided: February 3, 1902.\n- opinion, Brown [HTML]\nThis was a bill in equity originally filed May 20, 1898, in the circuit court for the district of Nebraska, by Kent K. Hayden, receiver of the Capital National Bank of Lincoln, Nebraska (of whom the present appelant is the successor in office), against David E. Thompson, to recover defendant's proportion of an assessment upon the stockholders of the bank to the amount of the par value of their shares. The bank failed on January 23, 1893, and a receiver was shortly thereafter appointed. On June 10, 1893, the Comptroller of the Currency ordered the assessment, which was made payable July 10, 1893.\nThe bill alleged Thompson to have been the owner of 210 shares of the capital stock, which he had acquired upon subscription to such stock and as a part of the original issue; that he, knowing the bank to be in a failing condition and practically insolvent, and in anticipation of its approaching failure, had sold and caused such stock to be transferred to certain irresponsible parties, and that such transfer was made with intent to defraud the bank, its depositors and creditors.\nDefendant demurred upon the ground that it appeared by the bill that the cause of action was barred by the statute of limitations. The demurrer was sustained, the bill amended, another demurrer interposed and sustained, and the bill dismissed. An appeal was taken to the circuit court of appeals, which affirmed the judgment of the circuit court.\nMessrs. J. R. Webster, John H. Ames, and Andrew E. Harvey for appellant.\nMessrs. Halleck F. Rose and C. E. Magoon for appellee.\nMr. Justice Brown delivered the opinion of the court:\nThis bill is founded upon Rev. Stat. \u00a7 5151, which declares that 'the shareholders of every national banking association shall be held individually responsible, equally and ratably, and not one for another, for all contracts, debts, and engagements of such association, to the extent of the amount of their stock therein at the par value thereof, in addition to the amount invested in such shares,' etc. By \u00a7 5234 the Comptroller of the Currency is authorized to appoint a receiver of insolvent banks, who 'may, if necessary to pay the debts of such association, enforce the individual liability of the stockholders.'\nThe case turns upon the applicability of the state statute of limitations, which, so far as it is material, reads as follows:\n'Sec. 5. Civil actions can only be commenced within the time prescribed in this title after the cause of action shall have accrued.\n'Sec. 10. Within five years, an action upon a specialty, or any agreement, contract, or promise in writing, or foreign judgment.\n'Sec. 11. Within four years, an action upon a contract not in writing, express or implied; an action upon a liability created by statute other than a forfeiture or penalty.'\nAs the cause of action in this case accrued on July 10, 1893, when the assessment was made payable (Hawkins v. Glenn, 131 U. S. 319, 33 L. ed. 184, 9 Sup. Ct. Rep. 739; Glenn v. Marbury, 145 U. S. 499, 36 L. ed. 790, 12 Sup. Ct. Rep. 914; Thompson v. German Ins. Co. 76 Fed. 892; Van Pelt v. Gardner, 54 Neb. 701, 74 N. W. 1083, 75 N. W. 874), and the action was begun on May 20, 1898, more than four but less than five years thereafter, the case really turns upon the question whether the action is upon a 'contract or promise in writing,' or 'upon a contract not in writing, express or implied,' or 'upon a liability created by statute.' If the cause of action be upon a written contract, the action was brought in time. If upon a contract not in writing, or a statutory liability, the statute of limitations is a complete bar.\nUsed in this connection and as distinguished from a contract not in writing, express or implied, we think it entirely clear that \u00a7 10 contemplates an action between the immediate parties or their privies to a written contract, and that the only contract covered by that definition in this case is the one arising from the allegation of the bill that Thompson was the owner of 210 shares of the original capital stock, and 'that he acquired the same upon subscription to such capital stock,' and by a receipt of certificates for such shares. The only contract to be gathered from this allegation is one between the bank on the one hand and the defendant on the other, by which the latter agreed to take and pay for a certain number of shares, and the former agreed to issue certificates to him for the same. Had the action been brought upon this contract,as, for instance, by the bank to recover an unpaid assessment upon the original shares,the case would have fallen within \u00a7 10, and the suit might have been brought within five years.\nBut there was no contract in writing with the creditors or depositors of the bank, and none with the bank itself, to which the receiver could be said to be a privy, except to pay for the stock as originally issued. Granting there was a contract with the creditors to pay a sum equal to the value of the stock taken, in addition to the sum invested in the shares, this was a contract created by the statute, and obligatory upon the stockholders by reason of the statute existing at the time of their subscription; but it was not a contract in writing within the meaning of the Nebraska act, since the writingthat is, the subscription contained no reference whatever to the statutory obligation and no promise to respond beyond the amount of the subscription. In none of the numerous cases upon the subject in this court is this obligation treated as an express contract, but as one created by the statute and implied from the express contract of the stockholders to take and pay for shares in the association. Carrol v. Green, 92 U. S. 509, 512, 23 L. ed. 738, 739; Terry v. Little, 101 U. S. 216, 25 L. ed. 864; First Nat. Bank v. Hawkins, 174 U. S. 364, 43 L. ed. 1007, 19 Sup. Ct. Rep. 739; Matteson v. Dent, 176 U. S. 521, 44 L. ed. 571, 20 Sup. Ct. Rep. 419; Whitman v. National Bank, 176 U. S. 559, 44 L. ed. 587, 20 Sup. Ct. Rep. 477.\nWhile \u00a7 10 does not use the words 'express contract,' but the words 'contract or promise in writing,' we think that, taken in connection with \u00a7 11, which is confined to contracts not in writing, express or implied, express contracts are primarily and principally intended by the earlier section.", "ng\nOn some occasions there will be forced passing places in the road, this could be\nfor various reasons such as road works or to slow traffic down in that particular\nroad. You will normally see a road sign which will tell you in good time of an approaching\nmeeting situation, take a look at the following signs and their meanings so you\nare prepared the next time you see them:\nFigure 1: Various traffic signs that warn you of a narrowing of the road or forced\nThe road you are driving on might have a placed obstruction which will give you\npriority over oncoming traffic or make you give way to oncoming vehicles, an example\nof this is shown in figure 2 below:\nFigure 2: Obstruction in road with forced priority\nPassing a larger vehicle\nSometimes you might be forced to pass a larger vehicle and will have to use the\noncoming traffics lane to do so, there are a few things you need to remember if\nyou are going to pass a larger vehicle. Always leave a bigger gap when directly\nfollowing a larger vehicle, due to their sheer size you want to have a wider view\nof what is in front of you if they stop and whether or not you can pass them, and\ntherefore being further back will widen your view. This is especially useful when\nbeing behind a bus, they will stop quite frequently and you\u2019ll need to keep an eye\nout for passengers walking out from behind/in front of a bus, make sure you check\nwell ahead before you decide to pass a bus because any oncoming vehicles shouldn\u2019t\nbe forced to slow down for you. Again, make sure you check your mirrors and indicate\nright before you pass a stopped bus if anyone can benefit from your indication.\nCheck out the following video showing how to correctly pass a bus that has stopped:\nTypical meeting/passing situations\nThere are a variety of typical everyday meeting/passing situations which you may come across, the more situations you come across will improve how you will deal with the next meeting/passing situation that arises. Have a look at the video below which shows a narrow residential road where meeting situations will almost certainly arise. Take special notice of how we have planned ahead to anticipate an oncoming vehicle.\nFINELINES guide to dealing with meeting, passing and adequate clearance\nOur end of tutorial guide will brush up everything we\u2019ve gone over in this section,\ndon\u2019t depend on this part alone however, have a read through the whole section and\nwatch the videos if you haven\u2019t already. The only way to master this aspect of everyday\ndriving is to practise as many meeting/passing scenarios as possible because a lot\nof your own judgement is needed in these situations. We at Fineline Driving Academy\nalways make sure our learners get extensive practise with passing/meeting situations\nto make sure they are well prepared for their driving future. Here are the main\npoints that can be learned from this particular tutorial:\n1) Plan well ahead to decide whether the road you are on narrows and realise if\na meeting situation is approaching.\n2) Look out for road signs that tell you if the road narrows, or if priority is\ngiven to yourself or oncoming vehicles.\n3) If you are approaching the narrowing point of the road before the approaching\nvehicle you should probably pass with the other vehicle holding back, if they reach\nit first then you should hold back.\n4) Try to leave at least a 2 car length gap between yourself and any parked vehicle\nyou wait behind.\n5) Make sure you check your centre and right mirrors before continuing to make sure\nnobody behind you is overtaking.\n6) Steer quite sharply to clear the parked vehicle and leave a car doors width between\nyour car and the parked vehicle (if possible).\n7) Keep further back behind a larger vehicle to widen your view, if you pass a pulled\nover bus then look out for passengers walking out from behind/in front of the bus.\n8) Only indicate as you pass a parked vehicle if someone will benefit, make sure\nto cancel the indicator if you do indicate to prevent misleading other road users.\n9) Judge each situation individually depending on what is going on at the time,\ntake every surrounding factor into account because there are many different types\nof meeting/passing situations you can come across every day.", "Bayside Conference Places Two Baseball Teams In Final Four\nAt the start of Friday, the Bayside conference was guaranteed at least one team advancing to the Maryland High School Baseball Semifinals. The 1A East Region Final pitted St. Michaels against Washington. Thanks to an 11-1 win St. Michaels continues their quest for a state title. The game was essentially decided in the s", "August 26, 2002\nObituary: Charles A. Twiss\nJuly 3, 1915 - Aiug. 20, 2002\nCharles A. Twiss, 87, of Gladstone, Mo., passed away Tuesday, August 20.\nCharley was born July 3, 1915, in Norfolk, Neb. He was an aircraft sheet metal mechanic, retiring from TWA at the Kansas City overhaul base in 1984.\nHis wife Maxine preceded him in death in 2001.\nHe leaves tw", "econd inning. Individually the inning belonged to Devin Stanford. The Saints pitcher struck out the side in the top of the frame. He then followed with a 2 RBI base hit to open the scoring for St. Michaels.\nSt. Michaels will face Brunswick on May 24 in Frederick.\nIn 2A, Queen Anne\u2019s advances to the semis with a 7-4 win at Fallston. Next up for the Lions, Williamsport on May 24.", "What are members of Choosing Wisely advocating for in the healthcare industry", "Petition Reimburse excess VED paid for campervan/motor homes from Sept 19 to Mar 20\nWhile the Government has now reduced annual VED liabilities for most new motorhomes to a flat rate, from September 2019 to March 2020 newly registered motorhomes were liable for VED of up to \u00a32,135. All owners affected should be also be reimbursed the difference.\nThe VED that is charged for vehicles registere", "nding in 2008 at $206.5 million.\nFive different offers are available online, ranging from 60-day risk-free trial, five-piece deluxe system for $59.95 (including two-for-one special and free bonuses) to an entry-point offer for three-piece, 30-day trial for $19.95.\nJessica Simpson, Alyssa Milano, Vanessa Williams, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Serena Williams, among others.\nOxiClean vs. Clorox OxiMagic\nThe OxiClean brand of stain removal products, marketed by product conglomerate Church & Dwight, includes a number of laundry, carpet, baby and outdoor cleaning products marketed via direct response TV, online and at retail.\nThe OxiClean brand was the brainchild of the Appel Family, who had made Orange Glo a famous household product. OxiClean, pitched by the now legendary Billy Mays, became a giant DRTV hit in 2001, eventually transitioning to retail before the family sold Orange Glo Intl., to Church & Dwight in 2006 for $325 million.\nThough the OxiClean line is now a retail giant, DRTV ads now often direct consumers to the OxiClean Web site (www.oxiclean.com) for purchase, as well as for special coupon offers to purchase at retail outlets. DRTV-to-online couponing became a popular way for major household product marketers (think Procter & Gamble, Clorox and others) to test DRTV as a new marketing method in the earlier part of this decade. Now, a true DRTV stalwart uses the same tactics.", "What are the three stories mentioned in the text segment and what distinctions does the author make about them", "What are the concerns mentioned about the changes in the Euphrates river and its impact on Lower Mesopotamia", "What restaurant was awarded Best Special Occasions Restaurant in 2012", "What event or program featuring Nigel Sylvester is set to start on June 1st", "lassic Marvel adventure story coupled with a human element, as Jean Grey's sister starts to come to terms with the death of her sister. The story also gives us more of Jean's origin in a way that still gives me the willies.\nNext is \"Winter Carnival\" featuring Iceman. One of my favorites, George Perez, penciled this fun romp at Dartmouth. The thing that still holds true for me today is that it is an Iceman story that is actually pretty good. Bobby Drake was a character I really didn't think much about (His portrayal on \"Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends\" was sort of my template for him!) and this story brought him out into the spotlight very nicely.\nLast is \"Show Me The Way To Go Home\" featuring my favorite X-Man, Nightcrawler. It is a silly little romp where he and another teleporter end up in a land where men are a rare commodity.\nThree great stories, told in Black and White, that I have owned FOREVER.\nHowever, I still prefer my comics in color", "What benefits does pet insurance provide for pets with active lifestyles", "What location does Plant Up operate in, and what is the position they are recruiting for", "at all and how I have always operated, you would understand my reluctance \u2013 at first \u2013 in understanding what God was telling me to do. I have never in all my life left a place of employment, without having something lined up to go to next.\nI have always been very practical in that way. Always have had a backup plan; not this. time.\nThis time, I am trusting God to lead me where He wants me to go. I believe He is calling me into using my gifts of words to minister to others. So, with that being said, I am currently working on a book to encourage others and offer hope. I will continue to write this blog, not just to share Jesus with others, but because I feel this is a small part of His plan for me.\nThe end of this week will signify the end of one long chapter in my life and the beginning of a new one. As always, I can\u2019t wait to see where God leads me!\nMay you be blessed and know the God Loves You\u2013right where you are! Much love", "\"To call the Yankees and the Red Sox, two of the best teams in baseball, 'pathetic' and 'embarrassing,' that's just ridiculous,\" Pedroia told ESPN.com on Friday. \"If he doesn't want to do Red Sox and Yankee games, he should tell the umpires' union. Then when we're in the World Series, he'll be out of that assignment, too.\"\nJoe West complained after the conclusion of the Boston-New York series earlier this week that the games are running too long. The umpire has been in the major leagues for 32 years and has worked over 4,000 games.\n\"They're the two clubs that don't try to pick up the pace,\" West told the Bergen Record on Wednesday. \"They're two of the best teams in baseball. Why are they playing the slowest? It's pathetic and embarrassing. They take too long to play.''\nNow it appears that West could be penalized for his brash comments, as sources told ESPN.com's Wallace Matthews that the crew chief is likely to be reprimanded.\nAccording to Pedroia, it was quite obvious that the umpiring crew was dissatisfied with the rate of play.\n\"Remember [home plate umpire] An", "Posts Tagged: Franz Niederholzer\nPandemic And Wildfire: California Is Preparing For A Crisis Within A Crisis\n(CapRadio) Ezra David Romero, April 15\n\u2026To protect human health, prescribed burns are not allowed for the time being on Forest Service land. But Ryan Tompkins, a forest advisor with the UC Cooperative Extension for Plumas, Sierra, and Lassen counties, says it's still early enough to prepare for wildfire with other tools like thinning and in some cases burning.\n\u201cIt is really difficult because of the concerns about smoke and COVID, but sort of now is our chance to be prepared,\u201d said Tompkins.\n\u2026\u201cWe know the agencies are going to have maybe limited capacity, limited resources, they're going to have other strains on their organizations while dealing with this crisis,\u201d Tompkins said. \u201cSo, I think it emphasizes in a silver lining way that we all have a piece to play or a role to play.\u201d\nSusie Kocher, a forest adviser for the Lake Tahoe region with the UC Cooperative Extension, is concerned about a triple threat of COVID-19, wildfires, and power shutoffs.\n\u201cThese two potential situations just could stack on top of the uncertainty of what people need to do,\u201d she said.\nPandemic Crisis Got You Planting a Garden? Join the Club. (18:23)\n(BYU Radio) April 14\nGuest: Rose Hayden-Smith, PhD, Kellogg Food and Society Policy Fellow, Emeritus Professor of Agriculture and Natural Resources for the University of California, Author of \"Sowing the Seeds of Victory: American Gardening Programs of WWI\"\nThe pandemic has sparked a moment of \u201ccrisis gardening\u201d among Americans. It's not much different from the Victory Gardens that sprung up in yards around the country during World War I, and then again in World War II.\nNew fungicide approved for Calif. tree nuts\n(Farm Press) Tim Hearden, April 14\n\u2026 University of California, Riverside plant pathologist Jim Adaskaveg helped develop data to validate the efficacy of ManKocide for California tree nuts and says the product has advantages, including ease of use.\nIt is also highly effective against copper-resistant bacteria in California, Adaskaveg said in an email.\n\u201cThe product has efficacy against the walnut blight and bacterial spot of almond pathogens and suppresses fire blight on pome fruit and bacterial blast on almond,\u201d he said.\nAdaskaveg said he is unaware of other products that have this combination as a premixture,\nPeople are rushing to plant 'pandemic gardens' and seed companies say they can't keep up with the surge in demand\n(Business Insider) Michelle Mark, April 14, 2020\n\u2026It's not the first time economic crises have led Americans to grow their own food. One food historian told HuffPost that the trend began during WWI and WWII.\n\"Crisis-gardening is not new,\" Rose Hayden-Smith, the author of \"Sowing the Seeds of Victory,\" told the outlet.\n4-H searches for locals to serve on sponsoring committee\n(San Benito Link) Devii Rao, April 14\nWe are looking for a few local people to serve on a sponsoring committee to keep 4-H active and strong in San Benito County. The sponsoring committee will organize events such as letter writing campaigns, barn dances, dinners, silent and live auctions, fireworks booths, having 4-H youth sell treats at the fair, or your other creative ideas! Sponsoring committee members are not required to have any affiliation with 4-H. We are looking for business leaders and other people who are well connected in the community and who are motivated to provide educational and leadership opportunities to our youth.\nCalifornia dairies dump milk, crops may be left to wither as coronavirus pandemic disrupts food system\n(SF Chronicle) Kurtis Alexander, April 12\n\u2026\u201cEverybody's scrambling. The whole food system is scrambling,\u201d said Daniel Sumner, an agricultural economist at UC Davis. \u201cI don't see a big supply-side issue for agriculture. It's really an issue with the food (delivery) system.\u201d\nWidespread shutdown order slams California dairy farmers, \u2018You can't turn off the cows'\n(Sacramento Bee) Michael Finch II, April 10\n\u2026\u201cLike every part of the food system, there are complications. The issue for milk is you can't turn off the cows,\u201d said Daniel A. Sumner, an agricultural economist and professor at UC Davis. \u201cWhat's becoming more of a problem is the slightly longer-term outlook where we have a massive recession (coming).\u201d\nDairy prices are regulated by the federal government and fluctuate on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. So the price of large quantities of milk, cheese, whey and milk powder is set based on data from the prior month, Sumner said.\nIn January, milk traded at nearly 18 cents per pound and by March the amount fell nearly five cents. Sumner said this suggests there is a price shock to come in the summer.\nGrocers Serving Low-Income Neighborhoods Pinched by Shortages, Rising Prices\n(KQED) Farida Jhabvala Romero, April 10\n\u2026\u201cThis hoarding behavior is unfortunate,\u201d said Richard Sexton, a professor of agriculture and resource economics at UC Davis. \u201cWe can understand why people do it, but it is what's causing these disruptions.\u201d\n\u2026 The current shortages could deepen disadvantages for family-owned neighborhood stores, said Sexton, the UC Davis economist.\n\u201cThe little guys, the small chains of just a few stores, could get the short end of the stick in this situation because food manufacturers and distributors are going to probably prioritize their biggest and best customers,\u201d he said.\nPrivate Grant Will Support New UC California Organic Institute\n(Organic Farmer) Marni Katz, April 10\nA $1 million endowment will establish the University of California's first institute for organic research and education within the UC's Agriculture and Natural Resources division (UC ANR), expanding the UC Cooperative Extension's research and outreach capacity to target organic growers in California.\nUCANR points to help for Californians amid crisis\n(Farm Press) Mark Bell, April 10\n\u2026In response to these pressing needs, UC Agriculture and Natural Resources, like many other universities and extension organizations across the country, are moving quickly to get more information online. While I haven't seen the actual numbers, we know millions of students (both high school and university) are quickly transitioning to online classes.\nScientists Worry Agency Plan to Prevent Fires Could Do Opposite\n(Bloomberg) Bobby Magill, April 9\n\u2026Controlling wildfire in the region depends on how many firefighters the federal government has on the ground\u2014and they'd have to be in the right place at the right time for the fuels reduction plan to work, said Max Moritz, a wildfire specialist at the University of California, Santa Barbara studying how wildfire affects broad landscapes.\nAs the climate changes, the effectiveness of fuels reductions projects and fuel breaks begins to fade, he said.\n\u201cClimate change seems to be priming the landscape for fires to ignite more easily, spread more easily, to burn hotter and larger\u2014so all of these aspects of climate change would make one suspect that fuel breaks have a harder and harder time doing their job,\u201d Moritz said.\nThe wildfire program is an \u201cexpensive large-scale experiment,\u201d he said.\nThe real reason we're seeing more wildlife during the pandemic\n(Pop Sci) Ula Chrobak, April 9\n\u2026In those cases, additional sightings might be due to simple behavior changes. But a less charismatic creature may be also on the rise due to an increased human presence at home. Niamh Quinn, a human-wildlife interactions advisor with the University of California, thinks that rat populations may be increasing in New Orleans and elsewhere. That's because people are cooking, storing, and disposing of at home, drawing rats away from closed restaurants and toward residences.\n\u2026Quinn agrees. Late last year, she radio-collared five coyotes in Los Angeles for a research project. She says that her coyotes haven't changed their routines since the shelter-in-place order went into effect, staying in their respective territories, which include areas near", "What multimedia theater hosted the artists during the 2000 edition of MUTEK", "Book Men\u201d Kevin Liell will be exhibiting. - Legendary artist Michael Golden who worked on Marvel Comics\u2019 Star Wars and Indiana Jones comics. - New York Times best selling author Peter David, writer of the famed Star Wars Tale \u2013 \u201cSkippy the Jedi Droid\u201dwill be there, alongside former Starlog Magazine editor and writer Bob Greenberger. - Great door prizes like Sideshow Collectibles\u2019 Han Solo in Carbonite, \u201cRobot Chicken\u201d DVDs signed by Seth Green and Matt Senreich, autographed Stan Lee Spider-Man posters and cool Indiana Jones goodies from our friends at Lucasfilm, Ltd.\nGreat comic creators like Jerry Ordway, Billy Tucci, Chris Giarrusso, Mike DeCarlo, Joe Kelly and many more. Star cars like the 1966 Batmobile and Green Hornet\u2019s \u201cBlack Beauty\u201d. Cosplayers, gaming, original artwork, sketch cards, action figures, movie props, comic and more. It will all be there at the Trumbull Marriott Hotel on August 18th in Trumbull, Conncticut. Be there and start feeling the Force!\nFor more information visit www.comiconn.com. ComiCONN is put on by the world\u2019s biggest Indiana Jones fan; Mitch Hallock from TheIndyCast podcast and TheRaider.net and the Alternate Universe comic shops; proud sponsors of Cris Macht\u2019s new Star Wars documentary; \u201cThe Force Within Us\u201d", "What is users' general sentiment regarding the release of the video mentioned in the comments", "What key actions should a driver take when approaching a larger vehicle, such as a bus, according to the text", "Who are the interviewees mentioned in the text related to testing standards", "Saint Louis Construction Reviews\nDowell Plastering & Remodeling\nDowell Plastering & Remodeling has provided quaity plastering for the St. Louis are for the past fifty years. We are a family owned and operated.\nRelated keywords:covespatch plastering\n4600 Spring Dr,\n|Write a Review|\nUnited States Construction - Recent Activity\nDo not call rotor-rooter to clear a drain. It\u2019s a sales opportunity for them.", "to align itself with the road map for the transitional government. As a result, UNDP refocused its activities around the following priorities:\n- Support protection of people, their property and their rights by developing the capacities of communities to cope with the crises\n- Facilitate the return of former rebels to their home regions in the Central African Republic and reactivate the resettlement programme in the north-west and central-north regions\n- Facilitate technical implementation of the road map; the return to peace; the holding of free, democratic and transparent elections; and continued reforms in the justice sector; and\n- Reactive the implementation of the accelerated MDG framework for food security\nToday\u2019s march coincides with a United Nations mission to conduct field visits and consultations with CAR transitional officials, regional organizations, the diplomatic corps, faith-based organizations, civil society, the humanitarian community and United Nations representatives based in the country to assess the conflict\u2019s impact on the civilian population, particularly for women and children.Contact Information\nChristian Aim\u00e9 Ndotah, UNDP Communications Officer,Central African Republic\nTel.: +236 75 50 55 45/70 50 55 45", "What is the title of the event that features new media performances by multiple artists including Alva Noto and Frank Bretschneider", "What language skill is required for the position at the company", "What event celebrating New York's mobile food community is happening on September 7th, 2013", "What does the course explain about the North American Cargo Securement Standard", "d between September 2019 and March 2020 should be the same as all other vehicles in their class. They should be brought in line and the excess revenue collected be returned to the owners where possible.\nAt 10,000 signatures...\nAt 10,000 signatures, government will respond to this petition\nAt 100,000 signatures...\nAt 100,000 signatures, this petition will be considered for debate in Parliamen", "I know I said the next Rick's Rants would be a year in review, but I haven't finished it yet and this edition basically wrote itself, so all you avid readers out there will have to wait a little longer for me to reveal my top picks of 2007. Sunday was a rollercoaster of emotions starting with what may possibly be my last visit with my grandmother before she passes on. I then hopped on a flight taking me back to St. Louis for my last semester of college. Sitting on the plane listening to some sappy music, I over-thought the inevitable aging of my family members and myself. I arrived to the Giants beating my hometown of Philly's dire enemies, which was fleetingly comforting, but I needed something more. Come 7 o' clock, central time, I couched myself as I usually do on a Sunday night, and headed on over to FOX, a channel I haven't turned to in a long time. FOX really delivered escapism and hilarity to the max when I needed it most.\nI don't think I've watched anything on FOX barring football games and a few episodes of Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader? since I cut myself off from 24 and American Idol a few years back. I just couldn't resist a Terminator TV show, and apparently I'm not the only one. The premiere scored the highest ratings of any new show in the past 3 years. I must say I was pretty impressed with The Sarah Connor Chronicles. The action was fast and furious and looked fantastic to boot. I really liked how they established the timeline upfront, starting in 1999 and traveling to present day 2007. Since Sarah was attacked by the Governator in 1984 she's been through some serious shit including dying of cancer before Terminator 3. I know the majority opinion was that Terminator 3 was weak, but I must take the dissenting opinion on this one. I thought the action was pretty jawsome, a must for a Terminator movie, and the ending really brought the whole trilogy together for me in an unexpected and deeply satisfying way. I don't know if word has reached your ear yet of this new Terminator trilogy starting off in summer 2009 starring Christian Bale as John Conner, but I'd be much obliged to be the harbinger for those of you not in the know. Christian Bale is certainly making a good run for my coveted top actor spot. His roles have been diversified, yet all seem to fit quite nicely into my movie preference niche. His American Psycho was brilliant, Equilibrium was sweet, Michael Keaton's Batman would get his ass kicked by Bale's, and his performance as twin brothers in The Prestige is one of the finest displays of acting I've ever seen. With The Dark Knight coming this summer and Terminator next summer I think I might have to make a freaky shrine of Bale with a bust of his head made of Snapple caps or something... anyway... moving on.\nThe Family Guy commercials during Terminator were pretty enticing so it seemed only logical to keep it rolling with FOX. About 5 years ago Family Guy was god. Not a day would go by without some sort of Family Guy reference and the episodes from the first three seasons were watched repeatedly. Since those golden years I've seriously dropped the ball. I've seen maybe 4 episodes since season three (all of which failed to astonish) and the brilliant Star Wars spoof. Sunday night's episode was certainly dressed to impress. They did a hilarious take on teen dramas and somehow managed to make Peter as a stroke victim funny instead of cruel, which was an incredibly hard task because I just saw The Diving Bell and the Butterfly. For those of you out there who haven't yet, you're in for a treat; it's a movi", "What is meeting, passing and adequate clearance?\nAlthough the title of this tutorial might sound complicated, it involves a part\nof driving that you will have to use probably every time you get behind the wheel.\nImagine driving down a typical urban road which has parked cars on both sides, a car is approaching you in the opposite direction and both of you can\u2019t\npass each other at the same time due to the road not being wide enough. You\u2019ll have\nto pull in to an available space on the left to let them pass, or they must do that\nsame for you, then you\u2019ll have to continue making sure you don\u2019t get too close to\nparked cars. This tutorial will go over the correct method of meeting vehicles whilst\ndriving and adequate clearance when passing parked vehicles.\nHow to know if a meeting situation is coming up\nYou will have to use some quick judgement to decide whether a meeting situation\nis coming up, planning ahead is vital because you don\u2019t want to end up in a situation\nwhere you and an oncoming driver has tried to squeeze through the same space and\nyou both result in being stuck. When you are driving, have a look ahead and think\nabout any narrowing spaces which might be too tight for two cars to pass at the\nsame time, then you need to decide if you will hold back or whether it is more convenient\nfor the other vehicle to hold back. A general rule here is, if the space looks too\ntight then you should hold back and continue after the oncoming vehicle has passed.\nYou should think about where the road begins to narrow, maybe there is a situation\napproaching where a car is parked on either side of the road and they are opposite\neach other therefore causing a narrowing of the road. If you are closer to the narrowing\nthan the oncoming vehicle, you should be able to pass through with the oncoming\nvehicle holding back. Similarly if the other vehicle is closer to the narrowing\nof the road, you should hold back and let the oncoming vehicle pass and then carry\non once it passes. The following video gives a demonstration of this:\nWhat to do after the oncoming vehicle has passed\nYou\u2019ll notice from the above video that our vehicle didn\u2019t come to a stop, instead\nit kept rolling and therefore avoiding the need to stop by planning ahead. This\nwill help keep traffic flowing and also reduce your carbon footprint because moving\nyour car off from a stationary position requires more power from the engine and\nburns more fuel. You should always keep at least a 2 car length distance from yourself\nand any parked car you are waiting behind (if this is possible), and make sure that\nyou check your centre and right mirrors before continuing because a following road user might try to overtake you. When you have checked the mirrors and continue, make\nsure you turn enough to avoid clipping the parked car. This is what\nadequate clearance means, a lot of parked vehicles are damaged, (and have their mirrors ripped off!) because passing vehicles\nmisjudge how close they are to the parked car, leaving a 2 car lengths distance\nwill help avoid any contact. Try to also leave a car doors width between you and\nthe parked car in case somebody in the parked vehicle opens their door.\nWho should wait in a passing place?\nThis all depends on the situation and each situation should be treated with the surrounding\nfactors in mind. There are a few things to think about if you are approaching a\nmeeting situation, the first is whether both cars can pass at the same time or not,\nmake sure you know whats behind you and be prepared for peoples actions in the parked cars on\nthe road (somebody might open the door of the parked car as you pass it).\nAs mentioned a bit earlier, you really need to use your own judgement when meeting/passing\noncoming traffic. Not only should you judge the width of the road, you should also\njudge how fast the oncoming car is travelling as well as their road position and\ngeneral driving behaviour, they may not hold back like you want them too and if\nyou think they might not then you should just wait. Is the oncoming vehicle larger\nthan normal? If so then they might not fit into the gap you are leaving them so\nyou should be courteous and hold back.\nRoad signs that warn you of meeting situations approachi", "Only Nick Saban could turn a two-game losing streak into a $1-million-a-year raise.\nAnd one of those losses was a come-from-ahead collapse against archenemy Auburn that had over-coaching written all over it.\nFormer Alabama coaches such as Mike DuBose or Mike Shula -- maybe that's Saban's saving grace; he isn't named Mike -- would have been fired before they could have reached the locker room if their teams had given up 13 points to the Tigers in the final 34 seconds.\nInstead, the Alabama brass gave Saban a contract extension through 2022 and a $1 million raise to a preposterous $6.5 million a year. Never mind that within the narrow confines of major college football, $aint Nick is probably worth it. At least as long as he finally beats a ranked Auburn team when they meet again this season.\nBecause for all of Saban's success, that's never happened. He's 0-6 against Tigers teams that finished seasons with at least nine wins.\nWhen Bill Curry went 0-3 against Auburn as the Tide coach in the late 1980s, he fled for the calamity that was Kentucky before his fourth season in T-town rather than have one more brick thrown through his office window for disappointing Houndstooth Nation.\nBut $aban gets a $1 million raise and extension after collapsing at Auburn, then getting outcoached and his Tide outplayed by Oklahoma in the Sugar Bowl. Poor OU coach Bob Stoops. He's still under $4.8 million per year (at least as of press time Tuesday night).\nAnd what of Auburn coach Gus Malzahn, whose magical, maniacal offense has now bettered Saban two of the past four seasons? Should the Tigers again trip the Tide this autumn in Tuscaloosa, does Malzahn's $3.85 million deal escalate by $1 million a year? And shouldn't it, at least as long he can also grab his first official national championship? Technically, he was only the offensive coordinator when AU won it all in 2010 for since-fired Gene Chizik.\nThen again, Saban did rescue former Tennessee head coach Lane Kiffin from the unemployment line, then pay him $680,000 a year. Has anyone ever had a softer landing falling off a Trojan horse?\nSo maybe the raise was more $aban displaying his humanity to man. Or maybe it was about fear. And fear only. Because life has been pretty good under $aban throughout his seven seasons at the Capstone. Three national championships. Four SEC West titles. Five BCS bowls.\nThat's legendary stuff. You could bring Bear Bryant back from the dead and hand him scholarship limits and academic performance requirements, and he might not duplicate half that success. And from this corner, Bear remains the best college coach ever.\nBut Alabama athletic director Bill Battle played for Bryant before he coached against him at Tennessee. He knew the Be", "e that will remind you how remarkable life really is. A very special James Bond spoof American Dad immediately followed, Stan Smith: Tearjerker. I never really dug on American Dad like I did Seth MacFarlane's first child, but I thought this episode was clever and brought the mirth on strong. The diabolical plan boat tour which Tearjerker forcibly subjected our hero to was certainly a highlight. My friends weren't as impressed with American Dad so the channel quickly switched to a rerun of NBC's American Gladiators revival before the credits, which I can only assume were James Bond styled, rolled.\nAmerican Gladiators... I should state off the bat that after my incredibly satisfying evening with FOX I got up and left about 4.5 minutes into Gladiators. I elected to finish unpacking instead of watch a rerun which really says volumes about the weakness of the show. The gladiators all have catch phrases and are bat shit crazy; the one enjoyable part of the show. Each gladiator has a one liner they spew out every time the camera zooms in on them, except Wolf who just howls. I hope they don't get sued. SEGA's Wolf has had the same catchphrase since Virtua Fighter 2 back in 1994. Unfortunately the coolness factor of the gladiators can't save this pathetic attempt at entertainment. The contestants were way too annoying with \"Big Country\" hick ass Jeff at the top of my irritation list, with Christie getting an honorary mention. Thanks for perpetuating southern stereotypes big guy. The only thing more aggravating than the contestants is the final eliminator challenge. It's a completely illogical event with no clear rules and regulations that makes for totally unfair competition. Let me break it down for you. Contestants must first climb an 8 foot wall using a rope, jump into a pool and swim under a flaming surface and then climb a cargo net. No one has dived into the pool yet; I don't understand why, but at least it's fair so far. Then there's a barrel roll where the contestants must latch there body onto a barrel while it rolls down an incline. This portion of the event was taken directly from Ninja Warrior (a far superior analogous show), but in translation lost its justice. In Ninja Warrior if contestants fall off early they fall into a pool of water and are eliminated from the competition. If contestants fall off at any point on American Gladiators they land on a mat and are allowed to continue running the course without a time penalty (awful). Then they have to get across a large gap in one of two ways. They can peddle across on the extremely hard Handbike which takes time, energy and skill, or they can drop off the Handbike without even doing one rotation, run across the gap and then climb their way to the next platform with no time penalty of any kind (ridiculously awful). The last portion is the Travelator, an inclined treadmill with a rope that hangs half the distance to the top. That rope seems like a godsend but it's really a trap. If you grab the rope and try to set your feet you'll smack your face as your feet are swept away beneath you. In '\"Big Country\" Jeff's 15 minutes of fame he managed to fall down the Travelator about 15 times. NBC has already re-signed the show for a second season. I thought NBC pays people the big bucks! What genius designed that obstacle course? They best be retooling the course before next year or they may find themselves with seriously dwindling ratings. Let me know what you guys think about Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles, Family Guy and American Gladiators with a comment. Until next time...", "What positive experience did the author have with their home builder representatives", "The orchestral track \"Shred I. Multiverse\" from San Francisco Bay Area \"blackened, technical post-death metallers\" OBLIVION, who feature in their ranks former ALL SHALL PERISH guitarist Ben Orum on bass, can be streamed in the YouTube clip below. The song is one of three bonus tracks on OBLIVION's new album, \"Called To Rise\", which was released on January 1.\nCommented OBLIVION vocalist Nick Vasallo: \"As a band, OBLIVION doesn't want to just fit into the typical death metal category. Sure, we come from primarily a death metal background and we fulfill all the stylistic criteria associated with it. But we want our music to have broad conceptions and extreme depth.\n\"I composed a piece called 'Multiverse' that exists within two universes: metal and classical. The notes are identical and the music functions both as modern art music and modern extreme metal. We hired some of the top string players in the Bay Area to perform the work and recorded video of the sessions.\n\"One of the aspects that I want to bring from the metal world into the classical is the physical embodiment of the music. Notice how the musicians are almost obligated to move their bodies and headbang to the music in order to rhythmically play it.\n\"'Shred' is very rhythmic and, like a metal musician, requires total physical involvement with the music.\n\"The second movement, 'Long Deaf Hate', is a tribute to a band that every metalhead knows and by the end of the piece they should recognize the quotation from which I draw all the musical material fro", "What is the significance of the cover painted by Paul Gulacy in the text, and how many comics does the author mention are in their collection", "What entertainment did the author turn to on FOX that provided them with escapism and hilarity during an emotional time", "impressed by the dishes created \u201cfor people with a passion for dining\u201d as you enjoy the contemporary, clubby atmosphere.\n1st Runner-up: Carbone\u2019s Ristorante, Hartford\n2nd Runner-up: Grant\u2019s, West Hartford\nNext Category: Best Steakhouse\nPrevious Category: Best Seasfood", "o sons, five grandchildren, and 10 great-grandchildren.\nAmong his surviving family are Charlie and Carroll Twiss of Woodinville; granddaughters Charlotte Boden of Woodinville, Cynthia Clark of Seattle and Catherine Zimmerman of Layton, Utah; grandchildren, Tyler and Kyle Archuleta of Woodinville, and Kris, Catie, Charlie, and Tommy Zimmerman of Layton.", "What was Red Sox manager Terry Francona's reaction to the comments made by West regarding the length of games", "testing standards.\nInterviewees: Eric Holmboe, M.D., chief medical officer of the American Board of Internal Medicine\nDavid Newman (pdf), a New York emergency room physician and author of Hippocrates' Shadow: Secrets from the House of Medicine\nAlso of interest: 5 things to talk about with your doctor.\nDiscounts & Benefits\nNext ArticleRead This", "\u201cOur customers are always #1. We always look out for our customers.\u201d\nMeet Alice and Valentino, the co-owners of The Chipper Truck, a late-night only, Irish food truck based in Woodlawn, NY. In this mini Irish community tucked away in the Bronx, eager night owls come hungry to The Chipper Truck for addictive Irish comfort food. H", "NEWSHONOURS IN DEVELOPMENT STUDIES2013-06-13\nIn March our Senior Community Development Worker, Robert Kazunga, successfully completed his honours degree in development studies. To help him celebrate, we sent him a goat!\nRobert wrote to say how excited he was to be able to share the gift \"with my family, parents, relatives and friends at the village. (continues)STAFF CHANGES2013-06-07\nWe are delighted to announce the appointment of John Hayward as part-time Fundraising and Communications Officer. He comes to SEED with 18 years' experience in the charitable sector, including international development in Tajikistan and northern Iraq.\nJohn says, \"I've seen for myself how equipping individuals with income-generating skills empowers whole communities in a way that humanitarian aid and welfare can never achieve. (continues)FINANCE OFFICER VACANCY2013-05-27\nSEED requires a Volunteer Finance Officer (2-3 hours per week / 8-12 hours per month)\nThis voluntary role will suit a person passionate about using his/her financial skills and experience (ideally in the charity sector) to make a real difference.\nThis flexible role only requires a few hours a week (or a day or two per month), so can work well around other commitments. (continues)100% A'LEVEL PASS RATE2013-04-04\nCongratulations to the Victorious Learning Institute (VLI) for its fantastic results! If you remember, in 2010 a group of young teachers came to SEED to ask for assistance with setting up a school. The school is now thriving, providing education for 230 pupils in a very deprived neighbourhood. In only three years the school has become a successful educational establishment with outstanding results compared to the national average. (continues)SEED UK CAPACITY TRIPLED2013-04-04\nAysha Madha, previously a trustee, has won a place on the Vodafone World of Difference programme to work part-time for four months for SEED. Aysha is one of 500 people from across the UK selected to work at a charity of their choice, supported by the Vodafone Foundation.\nAysha's rol", "What are some of the main features or attractions at the Connecticut ComiCONN event on August 18", "What was Charles A. Twiss's profession before his retirement", "Which teams faced off in the 1A East Region Final of the Bayside Conference", "How long has Dowell Plastering & Remodeling been providing plastering services in the St. Louis area", "2:14 PM\ngood story line to these videos plus the music is the sh!# nice i like the part when you jump the table in the Afternoon Episode..........nice nice, nice............\n6/19/2010 8:01 AM\n(Add yourRIDER THAT IS ONE OF THE BEST BUT VERY GOOD TO SERVE MORE own)\n6/12/2010 4:37 PM\n6/4/2010 6:45 PM\nWhere's the rest?\n6/2/2010 3:56 PM\nmaybe the 1st june 2011 ? lol\n6/2/2010 1:11 PM\nIts crazy how it says it starts on june 1st nd its the 2nd nd its still not on...i wanna see it though nigel's my nigga.\n6/2/2010 11:51 AM\nfuck it's too long i really want to see that !\n6/2/2010 11:09 AM\nToday I hope.\n6/1/2010 7:38 PM\nwhen can we c it??\n6/1/2010 7:18 PM\n6/1/2010 1:17 PM\nwhen will it be on glen?? at 11:59?? lol\n6/1/2010 1:07 PM\nfirst ain't over dawg!\n6/1/2010 12:58 PM\nSo ? We are the 1st and i don't see anything =(\n5/31/2010 7:31 AM\nLivin the live!\n5/31/2010 1:27 AM\ntrue bmx street\n5/31/2010 1:23 AM\nThe song's name is Donnis - Tonight\n5/30/2010 7:18 PM\nthis dude is my hero ... lol .... so full of raw talent\n5/30/2010 6:41 PM\nlove dis bra (no homo)\n5/30/2010 6:39 PM\nAlec t. m.\n5/30/2010 12:57 PM", "DR Winners Draw Branders Into Competition1 May, 2009 By: Thomas Haire Response\nBrand marketers' expansion into the DRTV space during the past decade has been well documented. Perhaps no two verticals have been more affected by this change than the beauty-and-personal-care space and the housewares market.\nWhether it is a direct attack \u2014 think Neutrogena's direct attack on Proactiv Solution with its new skin iD product in 2008 \u2014 or an attempt by a major conglomerate to capitalize on a new market created by a hot direct response product, today's branders can't seem to get enough of the opportunities that await them in DRTV.\nOpportunity doesn't necessarily breed success, however. Here's a look at four different cases of products from brand marketers created and designed to take on DRTV champions in recent years.\nProactiv Solution vs. Neutrogena skin iD\nAccording to Guthy-Renker Corp.'s Web site, www.proactiv.com, \"Instead of treating one pimple at a time, the Proactiv system was developed to treat your whole face and help prevent acne before it starts. That's the Proactiv difference. With just three simple steps a day, you can stop the suffering and start living with the clear, radiant complexion you've always wanted.\"\nFirst marketed via infomercial in 1994, Proactiv Solution is the preeminent DRTV skincare brand. TNS Media Intelligence measured Guthy-Renker's short-form DRTV spe", "What concerns does Kentucky coach Mitch Barnhart have regarding the compensation of basketball coach John Calipari", "The only thing that will be going down the drain is your money. I rented an...\nWe purchased our Infinity home in November of 2015 and moved in June 2016. The entire experience with the builder representatives was positive from the start t...\nMarshall gets 5 star, he got the job done and had cool house again at 8:30 at night, Made ours house cool again. With both of us having medical problems (husba..", "What type of insights can brands access from tagged Instagram stories and posts", "What episode of American Dad is mentioned as being particularly clever in the text", "One of the Teenage mothers in the area receiving Goats from PEFO staff\nAdopt a Goat Project\nThe UDHS Report 2000/01 singled outBusia as the districtin Uganda with the highest teenage pregnancy and childbearing rate at 37%. This project was established to economically empower single teenage mothers in the district.PEFO has a goat farm. A female goat from this farm is given to each unwed mother as capital. These girls can use this goat to produce milk, kids, whatever will improve her and", "What type of products does the OxiClean brand include", "What is one of the classical music elements mentioned in the text that influences the structural composition of the music", "d secured on vehicles so it can be transported safely. Covering each of the salient points in the North American Cargo Securement Standard, this course explains the regulations\u2019 requirements and prohibitions, regardless of whether drivers load the cargo themselves. Use this course so all employees learn how to properly load and secure all types of cargo and why it is vital to adhere to the DOT Cargo Securement regulations", "Despite there being a lack of real news detailing any real progress in terms of Villa transfers, it hasn\u2019t stopped the publication of hundreds of Villa transfer rumour stories (most of them rehashed mutations of each other) doing the rounds. The running theme seems to be patience is needed, before things start to kick into action at the end of the week, with the window opening for real on July 1st.\nSo far, the main recent transfer rumour concerns apart from the goalkeeping position (with Sam Johnstone still expected to be the number one, at least for next season) are as follows:\nTerry Defo Incoming?\nSaturday \u2013 watch this space. The picture will probably become a lot clearer then, if it\u2019s happening, with there even the chance of seeing JT wearing a new Villa kit. I\u2019ll discuss MOMS actual thoughts on JT elsewhere).\nIf Terry comes in, then I\u2019d expect the Daily Mail\u2019s story today putting Villa in the mix for Bristol City\u2019s 6ft 5 centre back Aden Flint to be going up a cul-de-sac.\nThe 27-year-old is valued, according to the paper, at \u00a34m, with Fulham and Middlesbrough supposedly in the hunt.\nVilla would have too many centre-backs on their books with Micah Richards and Tommy Elphick needing to find new clubs, before Villa can entertain any others, especially if Terry does come in.\nGil Tug of War\nBefore the Villa players are called back to Bodymoor Heath next month to begin their preseason, the fate of Carles Gil will probably have been decided, with either Deportivo La Coruna and Real Betis the likely destination based on reports last week.\nVilla are no doubt playing hardball over the price to ensure getting the best deal possible for the 24-year-old, whose reputation hasn\u2019t been too damaged despite a largely unsettled time at Villa.\nRecent reports in Spain, suggest that Villa are looking for a figure twice as much as the sub 2m Euro offers that have come in so far for Gil. Will Villa dig their heals in so much that, they\u2019ll let it play out until the end of the transfer window and Gil will be forced back to Bodymoor Heath?\nIt\u2019s doubtful and maybe self-defeating in the respect of not wanting any bad blood in the preseason training camp, where a promotion-focused squad has to be built asap.\nIn an ideal world, it would have been good to have Gil in the Villa squad for next season, as he offers the kind of guile that is rare in the division. It ain\u2019t going to happen though, due to both the player\u2019s wish of staying in Spain and also Bruce\u2019s outlook in how Villa are to play.\nEuro Hold Ou", "What is the author currently working on as part of their belief that God is leading them", "What is the purpose of the goat ceremonies in relation to teenage mothers", "ander, March 9\n\u2026 \u201cIt's not fair to say that fuel treatments won't do any good,\u201d said Max Moritz, a UC Cooperative Extension wildfire specialist at UC Santa Barbara. \u201cIt may provide some protection in some places. But most of us studying this agree that you can't just do this and (expect to) make much headway.\u201d\nThe plan by the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, or Cal Fire, comes at the request of Gov. Gavin Newsom. On his second day in office, Newsom asked the agency to develop a proposal to address the increasingly destructive fire seasons that have rattled the state and are expected to worsen with climate change.\n\u2026In the meantime, many researchers say the most effective approach to fire protection is not in the forests, but in communities. They recommend making homes more resistant to fire with hardier construction materials, and clearing the vegetation around them.\n\u201cYou have to address the home vulnerabilities themselves,\u201d said Moritz at UC Santa Barbara. \u201cIf you don't, you're just not going to make a lot of progress on fire.\u201d\nAfter more than 140 years, a massive fig tree gracing the plaza where Los Angeles was founded collapses\n(LA Times) Matthew Ormseth, March 9\n\u2026 The four figs were planted at El Pueblo by agriculturalist and City Councilman Elijah Hook Workman, KCET reported in 2013. The Ficus macrophylla was brought from Australia to Southern California in the 1860s and 1870s, probably to provide shade and ornamentation, said Donald Hodel, a horticulture advisor for the University of California's Cooperative Extension.\nHodel described the Moreton Bay fig as a commanding breed of tree with an enveloping canopy that threw plenty of shade.\nHis reasons for admiring the Moreton Bay fig: \u201cTheir grandeur; their size \u2014 they have an imposing habit; their root structure is incredible; the spreading nature of their branches.\u201d\nHodel said he last saw the El Pueblo figs about six years ago.\n\u201cI wasn't too impressed by their health or their size, considering they're 140-something years old,\u201d he said.\nCalifornia's 2018 Was the Worst Ever Recorded for Wildfires\n(Gizmodo) Tom McKay, March 9\nUniversity of California, Santa Barbara UC Cooperative Extension wildfire researcher Max Moritiz told the Chronicle, \u201cIt's not fair to say that fuel treatments won't do any good. It may provide some protection in some places. But most of us studying this agree that you can't just do this and (expect to) make much headway.\u201d\n4-H leader who taught lost Benbow girls outdoor skills being flown to Washington, DC for recognition\nKym Kemp, March 7\nWhen Leia Carrico, age 8, and her sister, Caroline, age 5, disappeared into the woods around their home near Benbow on March 1, the whole nation held its breath for the next 44 hours until they were found. But, though their 4-H leaders were worried, too, they say they also knew the girls had something many other children don't\u2013they had survival skills from a class taught by their Outdoor Adventures 4-H project leader, Justin Lehnert.\nLehnert is being honored in Washington, DC, on Tuesday for his role in teaching Leia and Caroline outdoor skills.\nResearchers highlight plan to eat healthy on a budget\n(Consumer Affairs) Kristen Dalli, March 7\nFollowing a healthy diet can come with a hefty price tag, but a team of researchers has outlined a way for consumers to stick to a healthy diet -- and also stick to their budgets.\nAccording to the team, consumers -- and their families -- can have healthy meals if they focus on buying items in bulk and planning meals in advance.\n\u201cThis study determines the likelihood that families living in low-income households could create meals that meet the USDA dietary guidelines presented in MyPlate nutrition education materials,\u201d said researcher Karen M. Jetter, PhD. \u201cIn addition to food cost, the other factors considered were access to stores, time for meal preparation, and whether the menus included culturally appropriate foods.\u201d\nHealthy eating is possible on a limited budget, study shows\nStudy: Eating healthy on a budget is possible\nEating Healthy Is Possible on a Small Budget, Says Study\nSorry, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, but \u201cfarting cows\u201d aren't the problem\n(New Food Economy) Sam Bloch, March 7\n\u2026As it turns out, neither side was accurate. Republicans are likely to continue linking Green New Deal priorities to a supposed hamburger ban. But if you don't hear about cow farts anymore from AOC, it may not be because of GOP criticism. Frank Mitloehner, an animal scientist and air quality specialist at the University of California, Davis, insists cattle flatulence isn't the problem it's made out to be, and says he helped set the record straight.\nHere's what seems to have happened. On February 4, shortly before Ocasio-Cortez announced the Green New Deal, she was speaking to school children in Queens, New York. When one asked how they could \u201ccombat\u201d climate change, Ocasio-Cortez offered two practical options\u2014stop using disposable razors, and skip meat and dairy for one meal.\nMitloehner tweeted at her.\n\u201cDear @AOC: we all try to help the climate,\u201d he wrote. \u201cHowever, the two options you offered have low impacts compared to the 800lb gorilla, which is to reduce fossil fuel use. About ? of greenhouse gas emissions in the US stem from transport and energy prod&use. Meat/milk = 4 % of total GHG,\u201d referring to findings in a recent EPA report.\n\u2026 \u201cI give her team a lot of credit for reaching out,\u201d Mitloehner says. \u201cIf we really are serious about making a difference in carbon emissions, you cannot do this without agriculture involved.\u201d\nCalifornia supplies a quarter of the world's sunflower seeds\n(Capital Press) Padma Nagappan, March 7\n\u2026Khaled Bali is a University of California Department of Agriculture and Natural Resources statewide water and irrigation specialist who has been working since 2016 on a four-year trial on sunflower varieties.\nHe was asked by the University of Georgia to help ascertain which varieties were drought resistant. He chose to conduct his trial in the low desert region of the Imperial Valley, since it gets little rain during the growing season between February when it's planted, and June when it's harvested. This would make it easier to control and measure the actual water applied to the crop varieties.\n\u201cWe're looking at 285 varieties of sunflowers, to see which ones do well under stress,\u201d Bali said. He has tested different plantings each growing season for the past three years, and will finish the trial this year.\nLivestream coverage of fire protection panel discussion in Nevada City\n(Sierra Sun) March 7\n\u2026Following the films, the community is invited to join an ongoing conversation around the new reality of living with fire in the wildland urban interface. Panelists represent a diverse cross-section of the wildfire prevention community including: Cal Fire, Fire Safe Council of Nevada County, Nevada County Office of Emergency Services, Nevada County Resource Conservation District, Pacific Gas and Electric Company, Tahoe National Forest and University of California Cooperative Extension. The panel discussion will be moderated by YubaNet Co-founder Pascale Fusshoeller. [Kate Wilkin, UCCE fire advisor, participates on the panel in the last hour of the video.]\nBees, blooms off to slow start\n(Western Farm Press) Logan Hawkes, March 6\n\u2026This year, almond bloom started around a normal time, with some early varieties showing a few open flowers in the first week of February,\u201d reported Franz Niederholzer, UCCE farm advisor for Colusa, Sutter, and Yuba Counties. \u201cFor most of the month bloom progressed very slowly,\u201d\nBy the middle of February, he says, \u201cbloom for Nonpareil was at least two weeks behind, and bee hours were limited until the last week of the month. Last year, between Feb 1-20, we accumulated 130 bee hours of good honey bee flying weather [55 F., no rain, and wind less than 10 mph]. For the same interval this year, we had around 10 hours and only six of those occurred with open flowers", "o are ready to buy and to facilitate the queries of those who are not ready to commit to a purchase. It is designed to address the changing face of automotive retail.\nConversational Marketing in automotive retail provides anytime, anywhere, device-agnostic engagement. Whether potential buyers visit a website on their desktop, mobile phone or tablet, conversational assistants instantly guide them on their purchase or product discovery journey.\nUnlike the usual live chat assistance or automated bots, Conversational Marketing in automotive retail initiates intelligent conversation that feels natural and takes a logical path focused on giving buyers what they\u2019re there for; suggesting the right options, such as connecting a potential buyer to a sales representative via VoIP or scheduling a call at a more convenient time; or \u2013 if you\u2019re trying to increase pre-qualified leads through your website \u2013 redirecting buyers to book a test drive with the nearest dealership.\nA Conversational Marketing platform is enabling key capabilities to automotive clients:\n\u2013 Redirects potential buyers to a website to join live video sessions where a representative shows the car model and explains its features. This can occur at scale to an unlimited number of online customers.\n\u2013 Customers and reps can use live video, co-browsing and live messaging to arrive at decisions on the trim best suited to customers\u2019 requirements.\n\u2013 Customers are assured of real-time, highly personalized assistance on a device of their choice.\n\u2013 Conversational Marketing fits in nicely with evolving omnichannel formats, including test drive centers, mobile stores, and boutique stores.\nAn enhanced web experience can motivate buyers trying your brand for the first time to prioritize you over the other 3-4 automakers on their list or motivate enthusiastic customers who have already done most of the research about your model to advance their test drive.\nWold leading car brand such as Opel, Toyota, and Citroen have utilized Whisbi\u2019s Conversational Marketing platform to significantly increase sales outcomes, reduce abandonment rates, and boost cross-selling and upselling.\nBesides supporting sales goals, the digital experience provided by a Conversational Marketing platform also enhances brand reputation. Customers feel more compelled to trust you and don\u2019t hesitate to return for more queries.\nAutomotive retail must address rising expectations from the digital-first customer and competition from new mobility concepts. Even as markets in the United States, Europe, and China are trending downwards, Morgan Stanley forecasts a 4% fall in global auto production, which is expected to strain automakers\u2019 and suppliers\u2019 profits. In rethinking their business models to counter forces and sail through a weak economic climate, automakers are rejigging their marketing and sales strategies.\nAlthough digital engagement cannot replicate the intimacy of face-to-face interaction at a dealership, it can ensure sufficiently enjoyable and educational one-to-one and one-to-many conversations that lead to test drives and sales. A Conversational Marketing platform in the automotive industry is a powerful solution that pre-qualifies, cross-sells, upsells and links customers in real-time to other retail channels, matching intent with the right suggestions and persuading quick action to drive up sales outcomes", "What are the priorities that UNDP has refocused its activities upon to align with the road map for the transitional government in the Central African Republic", "What are the main recent transfer rumors concerning Aston Villa as reported in the text", "What assistance does pet insurance provide in managing veterinary care costs", "What did Devin Stanford achieve in the second inning of the game", "What type of atmosphere does the text suggest you can enjoy while dining", "What should you consider when approaching a meeting situation while driving in narrow urban roads", "What are some key capabilities of a Conversational Marketing platform that assists automotive clients in increasing sales outcomes", "What are the hours of operation for dinner at the restaurant located at 2253 Poipu Road, Koloa Kauai, Hawaii", "Connecticut's ComiCONN Is Right Around The Corner!\nPosted By Mike on August 5, 2012\nThe one and only Connecticut ComiCONN is but a couple weeks away and if you haven't already made plans to attend, here's one last press release to pique your interest...\n\u201cHere\u2019s Where the Fun Begins \u2013 Connecticut ComiCONN on August 18, Let\u2019s Star Wars Fans Begin a Week of Celebrating\u201d\n(Trumbull, CT) If you are on your way to Celebration in Orlando and have some time on your hands, why not start to feel the Force at Connecticut ComiCONN on Saturday August 18 at the Marriott in Trumbull, CT!\nThe 3rd annual gathering of fans of Star Wars, comic books, toys, collectibles will be from 10am to 6pm and promises to have a strong Star Wars presence as it has in its previous shows! With over 140 tables of exhibitors \u2013 it is Connecticut\u2019s BIGGEST sci-fi/comic con!\n- Fans can see the local 501st Conn Squad, alongside the Rebel Legion and CT Jedi who will all be there in full \u201cforce\u201d. - R2 Builder Jon Stokes and everyone\u2019s favorite astromech droid, R2-D2 will be onhand, - Star Wars fan band High Adventure will be performing live at 2:00pm and have copies of their new CD \u201cHeroes and Villains\u201d on hand. - Star Wars sketch card artist and \u201cStar Wars expert\u201d from AMC\u2019s \u201cComic", "What does the FMCSA regard as a key factor that can lead to crashes in commercial vehicles", "See how Nigel Goes All Day starting June 1st\n5/29/2010 12:32 PM\nGlennPPMilligan's videos 0 of 131 \u00ab Previous Next \u00bb\nAfternoon Episode - Nigel Sylvester and Gatorade Go All Day\nThe Morning Episode - Nigel Sylvester and Gatorade Go All Day\nGatorade Go All Day the night episode\nNigel Sylvester Goes All Day\nThe Big Big BMX Show season 3 episode 2\nThe Big Big BMX Show Season 3, Episode 1\nARF Trails Jam\nMike \"Rooftop\" Escamilla Video Bike Check\nRooftop Shreds Nevermind's Mini Ramp\nThe Big Big BMX Show Season 2, Episode 9\nDakota Roche Bike Check\nDan's Comp Pro Team - Raul Ruiz\nPress List: Brian Kachinsky\nRoots: Brian Blyther\nThe Big Big BMX Show Season 2, Episode 8\nVolume Team @ P-Rod Skatepark Edit\nThe Big Big BMX Show Season 2, Episode 7\nParque Extremo Session\nWade Lajlar in Mexico\nThe Big Big BMX Show Season 2, Episode 6\nBMX Park World Cup Video\nThe BIg Big BMX Show Season 2, Episode 5\nThe Big Big BMX Show Season 2, Episode 4\nROOTS: Ron Wilkerson\nPress List: Nigel Sylvester\nThe Big Big BMX Show Season 2, Episode 3\nThe Big Big BMX Show Season 2, Episode 2\nbike master for real\n10/27/2011 1", "What special prizes and guests were mentioned for the event taking place at the Trumbull Marriott Hotel", "Plant Up are Dublin based.\nWe are looking for a person who is ready to come onboard and join own team, to look after our blue chip clients.\nTravel around Dublin in one of our vans to maintain our plants wi", "we are only 28ft. above sea-level. Consequently the river\u2019s course is very easily altered. Look at Stanford\u2019s map of this region and see how the Euphrates has lost itself between Nasiriyah and Basra\u2014\u201cold channel,\u201d \u201cnew channel,\u201d creeks, marshes, lakes, flood-areas and so on; the place is a nightmare. That kind of thing is liable to happen anywhere if the river is neglected. So that our schemes for Lower Mesopotamia might be spoilt by the indolence of those in possession higher up the river: let alone the security of the trade-routes which would be at the mercy of wild Arabs if Turkey collapses.\nAll this inclines me more and more to believe that we shall be forced, sooner or later, to occupy the whole Mesopotamian plain as far as Mosul or to whatever point is the southern limit of Russian control. At first I favoured a \u201cneutral zone\u201d from Mosul to Kut, and I shouldn\u2019t be surprised if that plan still finds favour at home. But frankly I see no prospect of a strong enough Government to make the neutral zone workable; on the contrary everything points to the absorption of the Persian neutral zone by either us or Russia, probably us.\nI am still a Captain, but no longer a Coy. Commander. A large draft from India has arrived, 11 officers and 319 men from 1/4th and 2/4th, invalids returned. I am now second in command of a Coy. of respectable size.\n* * * * *\nOctober 10, 1915.\nTO HIS FATHER", "Once just a niche for the environmentally conscious, natural fiber rugs like the Eco Collection have become a popular choice for their raw elegance. Hand woven of 100% jute from India, Eco delivers a fashionable and easy-to-place look at a val", "ged photos and stories, meaning that brands now have access to information such as, reach, taps forward, taps backward, replies and exits. While the data on regular feed posts last forever, insight on stories will only last 14 days.\nOkay, I Love It. So How Do I Set It Up?\nAs of now, Instagram is choosing the brands and influencers it rolls these new tools out to first. However, if you have a business account there is a good chance that Instagram has already offered this feature to you, and if they haven\u2019t, rest assured it will be available soon!\nOnce approved to use this tool, follow this easy process to set it up!\nTagging Brands in Photos\n- Select a photo like usual. Add a caption and any effects or filters you\u2019d like then hit the next button.\n- Once you\u2019ve hit the next button you\u2019re taken to a screen where you have the option to tag people, add a location, share to another social platform, or choose advanced settings. Tap advanced settings and then tap business partner.\n- Once tapping the business partner option, search for the business you\u2019d like to tag and select them to have them show up in your post.\nTagging Brands in Stories\n- Starting from your Instagram feed, select the camera icon in the top left-hand corner of the screen to begin your story.\n- Once you\u2019ve taken the photo or video, tap the link icon in the top right-hand section of the screen.\n- Next, the option to tag a business partner will appear in which you can then search for the business you\u2019d like to select. Once selected the picture will then be tagged with \u201cpaid partnership with\u201d when people view your story.\nBoth creators and businesses can require approval before being tagged in content, giving everyone full access to what they want their name and brand on.\nTo Set up Partner Approval\n- First, go to your Instagram settings and select business settings.\n- Under business settings tap \u201cBranded content approvals\u201d. Now you can either select the creators you\u2019d like to approve or turn on the \u201crequire approval\u201d toggle which will assure that you\u2019ll be contacted each time you are tagged in a post.\nHow to View Insights From an Approved Influencer\u2019s Post\n- Go to your Facebook page and click on the insights tab.\n- Once you\u2019re in the insights tab, find the section where it says branded content and choose the influencers post which you\u2019d like to view.\n- From there you\u2019ll be able to view insights in real time.\nIf you\u2019re viewing from the business manager the process is a little different.\n- First, you\u2019ll want to go to the business manager and find the section that says measure and report.\n- From measure and report click on branded content to view all of you insights.\nAnother noteworthy thing about this new Instagram feature is that as a brand and creator you can control who tags you in posts AND remove your brand from tagged brand content. Remove your brand from tagged content will take your brand name off of the post, however, the post will remain on Instagram and you will no longer have access to the post insights.\nNow, What Does This Mean For Marketing?\nSo does this new feature mean the end of hashtags like #ad and #spon? Not exactly. We have to remember that Instagram has just rolled out this feature, and like all new tools, not all the bugs are worked out right away.\nAs a brand and creator, it\u2019s important to talk with your team to make sure you are legally covered when posting content.\nIt is safe to say though, that this new tool is a huge step in reducing the confusion between sponsored and authentic Instagram posts and will provide marketers with even more powerful information to support their advertising efforts", "Now they have reformed at a point, only twenty miles from \u2014\u2014, their present base. We shall go for them there no doubt, and push them back once more. But what does it all lead to? Imagine peace restored. What will Turkey be like? She will be bankrupt, chaotic, totally incapable of keeping order among these murderous Bedouins. The country would be a second Persia under her. Persia is intolerable enough for the Europeans who trade there at present: but the plight of this country might easily be worse. We are bound to control the bit from Basra to the sea to protect existing interests. The whole future of that area\u2014as of all Mesopotamia\u2014depends on a scientific scheme of drainage and irrigation. At present half the country is marsh and half desert. Why? Because under Turkish rule the river is never dredged, the banks are never repaired, stray Arabs can cut haphazard canals and leave them to form marshes, and so on. Now an irrigation and drainage scheme is vitally necessary, but (1) it involves a large outlay; (2) to be effective it must start a long way up-stream; (3) there must be security for the good government not only of the area included in the scheme, but of the whole course of the river above it. These Asiatic rivers are tricky things: they run for hundreds of miles through alluvial plains which are as flat as your hand. Here at Amarah, 200 miles from the mouth of the Tigris,", "What new tagging system has Instagram introduced for sponsored posts, and why is it deemed beneficial for both creators and brands", "ere, chips are king. This is their story.\nThe NYC Vendy Awards, celebrating the best of New York\u2019s mobile food community, will be held Saturday, September 7th, 2013 at Industry City in Brooklyn, NY. I hope you can make it! Tickets for the event can be purchased at Eventbrite here.\nThanks for watching food. curated.! Happy Eating", "What do many researchers suggest is the most effective approach to fire protection in communities", "Two forces are shaping the future of automotive retail. One is competition from new mobility concepts: ride-sharing, electric vehicles, and a growing preference for used cars (as studies in the U.S. and Indian markets suggest). The other is the customer trend of accessing vehicle information across media and devices. 73% of new car buyers use digital channels to research their next purchase, with this figure expected to soar in the coming years.\nDigital is a starting point in the vehicle purchase journey. An engaging digital experience is a new imperative in automotive retail. The challenge is delivering it!\nIncreasing vehicle complexity means customers need more assistance than before\nAs automotive manufacturer attempt to engineer more advanced vehicles that provide better fuel economy and increased safety, marketing and sales face the issue of explaining new features effectively.\nIn a dealership setting, there is more scope to gain clarity around an innovative active safety system or construction material. Representatives can answer buyers\u2019 queries, and have a back and forth about specs of importance to the buyer. This human experience is unavailable when a screen comes between consumers and sales, and it has come into sharper focus with the rollout of complex vehicles.\nThe digital experience must evolve for car buyers to really understand the vehicle they\u2019re interested in.\nWhile it may not be possible to match the experience of visiting a dealership, an effective auto retail strategy can be a springboard to a sale by providing information buyer wants to know and see to make an informed decision.\n\u2018Personalized, anywhere, any-time\u2019 is the new mantra\nGiven that most consumer-brand interactions are occurring online, there is a renewed focus in improving the digital experience. Auto brands understand perfectly well that buyers want personalized content and interactivity. Omni-channel retail is a direct consequence, with automakers on a quest to ensure a seamless experience at all points of the customer lifecycle.\nAuto retail leaders have started adopting new approaches to online sales that are pre-qualifying leads and generating sales at a faster pace than the more \u2018conventional\u2019 digital sales strategies.\nRedefining the drab auto customer experience\nThe automotive customer experience can feel outdated and inferior, particularly to younger customers. As buying a car has practical and aspirational dimensions, auto brands who create desire around their products and confidence in their customer service are better positioned to grow sales. And the convenience offered by digital engagement is available to leverage \u2013 32.1% of consumers watch at least 1-2 hours of video a week and 68% of customers would prefer to learn about a product or service via video.\nCar buying is an exciting experience when buyers step behind the wheels of their test-drive model. However, choosing which cars to test drive (as serious buyers do) isn\u2019t so much fun. The time has come to move on from car images and pre-recorded top speed testing videos. Buyers want an up, close and personal retail experience through their mobile phones and tablets, as well as a highly tailored service experience.\nA conversational approach to boost sales\nConversational Marketing is a dialogue-driven approach to online sales, based on the principle of only selling to customers wh", "How many grandchildren and great-grandchildren are mentioned in the text segment", "ar as well as anyone. He also knows just how good Saban is, and he wants no part of being remembered as the AD who somehow let him slip away.\nKentucky coach Mitch Barnhart likely travels that same path with basketball coach John Calipari, who's reached three Final Fours and won one national title during his five years in Lexington. Does Barnhart privately believe Coach Cal's worth the $5.4 million he made this past season? Probably not. Yet he's smart enough to know that having once hired the disaster that was Billy Clyde Gillispie, he better pay Cal whatever he wants whenever he wants it.\nAnd given that passion for winning at any cost, what Southern major college president at a school best known for an athletic program would ever want to stand up to that program's coach over principles and priorities?\nTo repeat an old line once attributed to the University of Oklahoma president during the school's football superiority of the 1950s: \"We just hope to have a university to make the football team proud.\"\nThere is also a flip side to this that every Alabama fan should be justifiably proud of, however wrongheaded this all looks. Thanks mostly to football, the Tide athletic department ran $34 million in the black during the 2012-13 school year and returned $6.5 million to the academic side of UA. So it basically paid for $aban's whole salary. Similar numbers should arrive for this year.\nNor does Saban apparently mind subliminally assessing blame for last year where he believes it's justified. While all of his assistants received contract extensions through February of 2016, only wideouts coach Billy Napier (from Murray County, Ga.) received no increase in pay. Better dip into your pocket for more sticky gloves, Billy. Need more sticky gloves.\nSo here we go again down here in SEC country, where three of the nation's six highest paid coaches -- Saban (1), Texas A&M's Kevin Sumlin (3) and LSU's Les Miles (6) -- make most of the rest of the coaching community green with envy.\nYet while we pour hundreds of millions into renovating already lavish football stadiums, pay the coaches whatever they want while often freezing faculty pay and hike tuition by 8 percent or more, we might also pause to wonder why a story on our website Tuesday afternoon declared that six of the 10 dumbest states in America based on percent of the population with a bachelor's degree, median household income and 2010 average SAT score were home to SEC schools, including Alabama at No. 7 and Tennessee in 10th.\nThe smartest state in America by those criteria was Massachusetts. Coincidence or not, the Minutemen's new coach, Mark Whipple, will earn a base salary of $250,000 this fall.\nContact Mark Wiedmer at firstname.lastname@example.org", "gel [Hernandez] denied [Derek] Jeter a timeout?\" Pedroia asked. \"Ridiculous.\"\nThe three games of the series lasted 3 hours and 46 minutes, 3:48 and 3:21 (10 innings), respectively.\nYankees closer Mariano Rivera was equally peeved at West's comments, telling ESPN.com, \"If he has places to go, let him do something else. What does he want us to do, swing at balls?\"\nRed Sox manager Terry Francona, when asked about West's controversial comments, was careful to be a bit more diplomatic.\n\"Obviously, I think I need to be somewhat careful is the right word, selective,'' Francona told the Web site. \"I mean, I think it kind of surprised all of us. When you have somebody in charge of running the game without bias, and then you hear those comments coming out pretty strong, it probably worries you a little bit.''\nBut Francona doesn't necessarily believe that nothing needs to change about the length of these games.\n\"They always have been [too long], and are probably always gonna be,'' he said. \"I've had 20 knee surgeries. I'm not jogging to the mound. I can't do it. It hurts.''", "What are the signature milestones mentioned in the text for the petition related to excess revenue collected from vehicles", "What type of cuisine does The Chipper Truck serve, and when is it operational", "Civilians march for peace in the Central African RepublicDec 19, 2013\nUnited Nations field representatives joined a youth-led march for peace this morning in Bangui, the capital. \u201cWe want to express our desire to restore the harmony that has always existed between Christians and Muslims in this country,\u201d a participant said.\nSince 5 December 2013, the outbreak of violence in the capital has claimed over 500 lives and displaced about 200,000 others. According to the latest reports, an average of three people per hour were victims of fighting during the second week of December alone.\nIn response to the situation, UNDP Administrator Helen Clark expressed her concern for the security situation in Central African Republic and has called for an immediate halt to the violence. \u201cWe hope that the situation stabilizes very quickly so that UNDP can resume its work to support lasting peace here,\u201d said Helen Clark.\nWith a presence in the country since 1976, UNDP has worked in a complex and fragile context to support CAR in the areas of governance, poverty reduction and combating HIV/AIDS.\nHowever, the takeover in March 2013 by the Seleka rebels forced the United Nations System to suspend implementation of its 2012\u20132016 country programme and", "What is the name of the album that features the orchestral track 'Shred I. Multiverse' by OBLIVION", "The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) determined improperly loaded or secured cargo on commercial vehicles is more likely to cause a crash than anything else. This course shows truck drivers how to safely load and secure cargo, so it stays put in transit. Focused on teaching drivers the cargo securement regulations established by the DOT, this course shows how different types of cargo should be loaded an", "What opportunities are being offered for fundraising and volunteer participation through SEED", "Best Of - Food & Drink\nBest Special Occasions Restaurant 2012\nMAX DOWNTOWN - Hartford\nEnchanted evenings are the specialty of Max Downtown, a showplace of fine dining where a memorable meal awaits. (It\u2019s earned a 25\u2013excellent\u2013from Zagat\u2019s Survey.) It\u2019s hard not to be", "Lately, we\u2019ve seen Instagram take the leap from a photo sharing platform to an advanced business tool for brands and influencers alike. Through Instagram, brands and creators are able to promote themselves, grow a following, and ultimately make a living doing what they love. Because of this, advertisements, sponsored posts, and branded content is flooding Instagram\u2019s feed and while this may be beneficial to the brands involved, Instagram has made it clear that they want to keep sponsored content and authentic content separate.\nBoth Instagram and Facebook pride themselves in being user-friendly, non-salesy platforms and do their best to abide by traditional advertising rules.\nBecause of this, Instagram is stepping up its game and rolling out some new rules for branded stories and posts. Rules that if you\u2019re an influencer, brand, or do any advertising at all you\u2019ll want to take note of.\nWhile these tools are directly designed to help Instagram users tell the difference between authentic and branded content, they are also extremely beneficial to businesses. It\u2019s no doubt that Instagram\u2019s new tools were designed with brands and creators in mind and they have features that are bound to change the advertising game.\nAs of now, in order to abide by Facebook\u2019s advertising rules, Instagram has requested that Influencers use the hashtag #ad #sponsored or #spon on all posts that they are compensated for.\nNot only does this rule protect influencers from taxes, but it also accomplishes Instagrams goal of separating ads from original content.\nIt\u2019s no secret that many influencers aren\u2019t in love with this rule as they feel it diminishes the value of their content as well as their credibility.\nBefore, when an influencer shared a product it seemed natural and authentic and their audience trusted the things they said. Now, even if the influencer is fond of a product, when they share the post with the hashtag #ad often times their audience doesn\u2019t respond as well and believes that they are only endorsing the product because they are being compensated.\nSo What\u2019s The New Tool?\nLet me start by saying brands are going to love it! Basically, Instagram is kicking #ad to the curb and has come up with a way to abide by Facebook\u2019s advertising rules and offer creators and brands something in return. Now, using their new tool an influencer has the ability to tag a brand in a sponsored post with a \u201cPaid partnership with\u2026\u201d label appears above their photo. This new tag shows that the influencer is in a commercial relationship with the business partner that\u2019s mentioned, and that they were compensated in some way for the post.\nOkay, so why would creators and brands prefer this method over #ad? Here\u2019s why \u2013 Not only does the new tag help sponsored posts look more professional and less spam-like, but it also simplifies the approval process between businesses and creators. What was before a long email chain back and forth between the two parties, has now been simplified into the tap of a button. And that\u2019s not the only way it benefits both parties!\nBy turning on partner approvals, brands can approve a creator\u2019s post once published allowing their tag to appear in the post. This approval process helps maintain brand quality and grants the brand access to the Instagram posts insights! Reach and engagement metrics along with other analytics are shared directly with the brand, allowing them to see these numbers on their Facebook page manager.\nThese insights will help brands assure that their getting their money\u2019s worth and determine which influencers are most effective in their space. Metrics can be seen for both tag", "What did Joe West complain about regarding the Yankees and the Red Sox games", "We serve dinner nightly from 5:30pm onward and our bar opens at 5:00 pm daily for cocktails and pupu.\nPlease view our full menus for mo", "What competition dynamics are observed in the DRTV space between established brands like Proactiv Solution and new products like Neutrogena skin iD", "As I shared with my readers earlier in the month, big changes were happening in my life. So, now I am confident I can share these changes with you.\nI have worked for a great company over the last 16 years and truly imagined that I would still be at that company when I reached official retirement age(which is still quite a way off). After struggling with several medical issues that cause my body great pain and difficult in walking and moving, I started praying earnestly asking the Lord to lead me and guide me in making the decision to stay or leave.\nI know that I made the right decision to resign earlier than planned. I have HIS peace and for the first time realize that having a paycheck isn\u2019t all there is to life. I realize we all have bills to pay and yes, we need money to survive; but when you make budget cuts and rearrange your budget, you can do it. Am I scared? I can confidently say I have no fear. Which if you knew me", "What unprecedented recovery did Alabama's football coach Nick Saban receive after facing a two-game losing streak, and how does this compare to former coaches like Mike DuBose and Mike Shula", "What is the material and origin of the Eco Collection rugs mentioned in the text", "m.\n\"'Shred' is just one example of the classical music aspects that encompass our structural composition. There is also a lot of counterpoint in our music, like the Canon in E minor, which maybe we'll save for a later video.\"\n\"Called To Rise\" track listing:\n01. Oblivion Part 1 The Chant Of Tyrants\n02. Black Veils Of Justice\n03. Between Suns Of Light\n04. Binary Souls\n06. Canon 1 In E Minor\n08. Reigns In Fire\n09. Cancer Of Wraiths\n11. Oblivion Part 2 Infinite Descent\n12. Black Veils Of Justice (instrumental version)\n13. Shred I. Multiverse (string orchestra)\n14. Shred II. Long Deaf Hate (string orchestra)\nNick Vasallo - Vocals\nBen Orum - Bass\nTed O'Neill - Guitar\nVictor Dods - Guitar\nLuis Martinez - Drums\nOBLIVION's video for the song \"Reclamation\" can be seen below. The special \"End Of The World\" version of the clip was directed by Brandon Hunt and is the first OBLIVION video to feature the band's two new members: Orum and guitarist Victor Dods (HACKSAW TO THE THROAT).\nOrum announced his departure from ALL SHALL PERISH last month, explaining in statement that he \"could not fulfill [his] duty as a touring musician any longer\" due to the fact that he needed to provide for his family. He added: \"While I am done with touring, I will never stop writing music. I am joining the extreme metal band OBLIVION as a bassist and contributing songwriter. We are beyond excited to unleash [our debut album] onto the metal world. I've always been into death metal and extreme music, [and] this is my return to true death metal.\"", "What led to the suspension of the United Nations System's 2012\u20132016 country programme in the Central African Republic", "What was the VED liability for newly registered motorhomes from September 2019 to March 2020", "What two forces are influencing the future of automotive retail according to the text", "e will involve fundraising and developing a funding strategy for the future. (continues)PEAK DISTRICT HIKE & BBQ, 5-6 JULY 20132013-03-28\nWould you like to camp in the beautiful peak district? Hike 4k or 10k? Raise money for SEED? Enjoy a BBQ? And attend a garden party?\nI would like to introduce to you this fantastic opportunity to take part in the Small Charity Challenge. Participants can camp in the stunning grounds of Thornbridge Hall on Friday and/or Saturday night (5th/6th July 2013). (continues)MATCH FUNDING NOW AVAILABLE!2013-01-30If you set up a regular donation for \u00a310 a month or more, our donor will match it for at least 12 months ,your donation will be worth double! You've seen the difference it can make in Zimbabwe. Take up this fantastic opportunity and set up a donation now! BIG HARARE CLEAN-UP2013-01-26\nSEED recently joined with other NGOs, companies, Harare City Council, Ministry of Environment and others in organising a BIG Clean-up of Harare's city centre. We recruited 25 volunteers (+ our 2 staff) to join over 2000 other volunteers armed with brooms, gloves and bins to remove about 3 tonnes of the accumulated waste. (continues)\nWe need new Trustees to help drive forward our exciting new strategy, which will take...(more)\nYOUR VOTE COULD WIN \u00a31000 FOR ZIMBABWE\nEcclesiastical\u2019s \u2018Movement for Good\u2019 is giving away \u00a31,000 grants to charities between now and 17...(more)\nVOLUNTEER - SECRETARY TO THE TRUSTEES\nVolunteer - Secretary to the Trustees We are seeking a Secretary to support and service the...(more)\nWe have one current fundraising initiative that is easy for you to take part in: semi-sporty challenge Skip for Skills (great for schools and youth groups!). ...(more)\nTo make a regular donation by standing order, or a one-off gift by cheque, please download SEED's donation form. This will give you the opportunity to register for Gift Aid, sign up for news updates, and let us know who you are so we can thank you. ...(more)\nCopyright \u00a9 2006-2018 The SEED Project\nRegistered UK Charity # 111535", "Bizarre Adventures #27\nThis pick is sort of a cheat. I think the intent with this day was for me to pick something small or indie, but there are only one or two of those in my whole collection and neither of them hold the place this one does in my memory.\nOf the now 7,904 comics in my collection, only 32 are listed as being in Black & White. Seven of those are reprints of the UK Captain Britain magazine, eleven are a \"dirty\" sword and sorcery book by Bill Willingham, and four are John Byrne's OMAC series from 1991.\nThere is a \"Thunderbunny\" that I hunted down because it takes place in my hometown of Rutland, VT (I now own 20 Rutland Issues!) and a few other random books.\nBut this one is the one. Start with that cover. Beautifully painted by Paul Gulacy with some nice touches (Iceman's translucency is nice and subtle) it lets you know you are in for three good stories.\nAnd what stories they are!\nThe first story, \"The Brides of Attuma\", is both a c", "What is the purpose of the Adopt a Goat Project for single teenage mothers in Busia district", "What was the reason for the bill filed against David E. Thompson concerning the Capital National Bank", "th great care and appreciation for the surroundings of our client's offices.\nGreat opportunity to join a fun, professional long established company with the highest standards.\nPerfect spoken English a must", "What distinguishes explicit contracts from implied contracts according to the text", "the artists that have marked the 2000 edition of MUTEK.\nOn Friday April 6, the multimedia theater of Ex-Centris hosts the microscopic sounds of American artists Kim Cascone, Taylor Deupree and Richard Chartier.\nOn Saturday April 7, in the same theater, the German collective Raster-Noton, represented by Carsten Nicolai, Olaf Bender and Frank Bretschneider, presents their new project OACIS", "her child\u2019s livelihood.\n\u201cGoat ceremonies\u201din which goats are given to the teenage mothers are used as devices for educating parents and community leaders on the need for them to actively help reduce teenage pregnanciesand adopt healthy and humanistic approaches for dealing with such cases when they occur. The project aims to help teenage mothers regain their self-esteem after unplanned pregnancies have caused them to drop out of school by giving them a chance to finish their educations", "Alva Noto (DE)\nFrank Bretschneider (DE)\nOlaf Bender (DE)\nRichard Chartier (US)\nTaylor Deupree (US)\nMICRO 2 : MICROSOUNDS and OACIS\nDigital variations on a minimalist note\nMICRO 2 is the second offering of a series of special evenings prepared as an appetizer to the next edition of MUTEK. Presented by Ex-Centris, MICRO 2 will propose two evenings of new media performances featuring many of", "t\nIn other Spanish-related news, Marca reports that Sevilla have offered 6m Euros for Jordan Amavi, a player who admitted he was looking to leave Villa Park in the summer. Villa who paid around 2m Euros more than that, when signing him, will hope to at least get their money back on any deal.\nOther clubs interested in Amavi allegedly include: Monaco, Atletico Madrid and PSG.\nCertainly this is one that will hot up in the coming days and Amavi might be one of the first out-going players, when the window opens.\nMOMS has recently seen a couple of \u2018Glenn Whelan Update\u2019 headline stories on the Birmingham Mail site, yet the stories carried zero actual new information on the situation. It\u2019s still, as is. Villa have reportedly offered \u00a3500,000 and Stoke want more for the 33-year-old midfielder. That\u2019s still, the latest!\nIf there\u2019s one thing MOMS has lamented over the seasons and that\u2019s some Villa fans having revisionist longing for ex-players. Players that they were happy to see leave, but suddenly are considered as the answer to the team\u2019s problems, for no reason other than some goldfish memory sentimentality.\nCase in point, Stewart Downing. Villa bought Downing when he was on crutches, still recovering from a broken leg. Villa showed him a lot of good faith in being patient and helping him rehabilitate. Thus, when he went to Liverpool, two years later, after a U-turn of pledging his future to Villa, he was public enemy number one.\nRegardless of that, Downing turns 33 next month, making him another older player (along with Whelan and Terry) looking for decent wages, but only offering a short-term solution.\nOne, or maybe two, of these players is feasible, but it\u2019s dead money, if no promotion is achieved.\nIn the case of the left-wing position, it\u2019s preferable to give Andre Green the starting berth, as this would be the perfect division to really blood him in and inject Villa with some pace.\nBeard Number Two\nWales international Joe Ledley is meant to be on the radar of various Championship clubs, after being released by Crystal Palace. Villa have been mentioned in the mix for the midfielder, but considering the recruitment last season in the midfield department, it doesn\u2019t seem too likely that Ledley would be a priority.\nWhilst there are of course Welsh teammates in the Villa set-up to help bend his ear, the reality is the player would prefer to stay in the Premier League, if possible.\nFollow My Old Man Said to be kept up with the reality of Villa\u2019s transfer situation, here \u2013 @oldmansaid", "When required, medical diagnostic tests are instrumental in finding and treating disease. But erring too far on the side of caution has contributed to skyrocketing health care costs.\nIn this Inside E Street segment, \"Cutting the Cost of Care,\" watch how members of Choosing Wisely are advocating for better patient-doctor conversations and firmer", "What time do we start serving dinner and when does the bar open", "ue price.\n- Pile Height: 0.75\n- 100% Jute\n- Hand Woven\nHave questions about this product? Please call us at +1-888-590-8998 (Mon-Fri 9AM-5PM PST) or use the form below to send us an Email. Our furniture and decor specialists are ready to help!", "What impact does Ryan Tompkins believe the pandemic and limited resources will have on wildfire management preparations in California", "What are the specifications of the product mentioned in the text", "What prompted the author to consider resigning from their job after 16 years", "What teams are reportedly interested in Jordan Amavi apart from Sevilla", "pet. A particular person will come across that the totally complete coverage is good for a pet that has an active life style but exactly where it could be injured in an accident.\nWhen a pet wants surgery, the insurance coverage can cover the price of therapy and hospital recovery. An person who keeps their pet beneath close supervision is assured that in case of an accidental injury, they can take their pet to the vet and get the ideal therapy swiftly and without the need of worrying about the exorbitant fees involved.\nWhen searching at the distinct forms of insurance coverage coverage that is obtainable for pets, you will want to make certain that the insurance coverage providers are connected with a high quality group of hugely skilled vets. In lots of circumstances the insurance coverage provider will have veterinarians listed and you will be in a position to pick the vet of your selection. This is the identical method that lots of wellness insurance coverage businesses use for their consumers.\nBeing aware of that you are in a position to give your pet with price powerful care on a common basis will give you the peace of thoughts that your pet will have a lengthy and wholesome life. Statistics show that the length of time that a pet lives is straight associated to their receipt of common wellness-care.\nJust as humans call for common verify-ups and routine therapy to retain a wholesome life style, your pet calls for the identical form of care. Possessing RSPCA Pet insurance coverage, powerful from the time you initially get your pet, will eliminate the burden of possessing to have emergency funds obtainable when your pet wants care.", "What gift did SEED send to Robert Kazunga to celebrate his achievement"]}