{"q_indices": [126, 41, 51, 45, 116, 115, 108, 22, 28, 120, 121, 11, 98, 75, 2, 52, 65, 117, 53, 34, 39, 21, 44, 0, 12, 112, 8, 4, 71, 48, 32, 94, 74, 10, 111, 50, 113, 90, 63, 99, 76, 36, 89, 79, 3, 56, 125, 47, 15, 77, 119, 54, 26, 100, 64, 103, 83, 40, 114, 73, 37, 5, 93, 78], "a_indices": [86, 43, 1, 96, 16, 84, 30, 97, 109, 24, 27, 29, 14, 68, 23, 88, 107, 127, 31, 33, 20, 13, 87, 124, 101, 122, 110, 17, 106, 49, 9, 62, 55, 7, 61, 82, 59, 85, 80, 72, 105, 19, 38, 46, 57, 123, 60, 18, 67, 6, 91, 35, 70, 102, 92, 118, 81, 58, 95, 104, 66, 25, 69, 42], "texts": ["What are two content management systems mentioned that can be used to create a paid membership website", "With CloudMounter you can access and manage files stored on Amazon S3.\nTo map your S3 account as a drive:\n1. Select Amazon S3 in the new connection dialog:\n2. Choose the connection name:\n3. Enter your access key ID and secret access key in the respective fields.\n4. Specify the bucket name, or use the / (slash) character to indicate the root directory, in w", "What does the NET::ERR_CERT_DATE_INVALID error indicate in Google Chrome", "Who is Jed's father and what is the family business he is involved in", "What are the key components of S.M.A.R.T. goal setting mentioned in the text", "What are some of the essential physical and mental requirements for the position described", "wait this next spring! Tell us what you think on our forums at http://forum.clubsailormoon.com/topic/1297-vizs-sailor-stars-dubbed-coming-may-2019/ and if you want to catch up on Sailor Moon check out http://sailormoontv.com.\nBelow are tweets from Viz and other Moonies.\n\u2014 Fred Dead Redemption II #RDR2 (@fredjfrancis) November 17, 2018\n\u2014 Naja Booo (@BeckNaja) November 18, 201", "of the busy workday. My husband took me to the sea as he knows how it refreshes me, so I sat there on the shore on the wet sand looking how the waves wash my legs and laughed like a child with each coming wave threatening to take me to the sea\u2026 And then came this amazing sunset.\nLet life carry us and amaze us!\n\u00a9 Fortune, 2009\nDid you find today something that amazed you", "What are the benefits of using templates for creating spreadsheets according to the text", "National Security Advisor to the President, H. R. McMaster, held a White House Security Briefing this morning at the White House (video below).\nThe Q &A begins at 05:52 seconds. The discussion between President Donald Trump and the \u201cRussians\u201d for the 50th time was \u201cwholly appropriate.\u201d Of course, the media is incapable of digesting that reality and even if they were, they\u2019d go with the fake news.\nThank you for visiting Grumpy Opinions and sharing our w", "What did the author experience at the sea that brought joy and a sense of wonder", "What is suggested for breakfast that could provide a scare for the family", "What is the name of the hot punch that is popular at Christmas in Sweden", "l find a QR Code that will display useful information about events, attractions, restaurants and many others.\nThe two interactive touch Totems of MyNoventa, located in the centre of Noventa di Piave and in the shopping area near the exit San Don\u00e0 / Noventa di Piave of the A4 motorway, host the contents of the APP with the addition of useful information about transport. A way to promote the territory and allow tourists to plan their itinerary and choose the most suitable timetables and means of transport to reach their next destination. All through a few simple touches. Comfortable, easy and fast!\nAPP and Totem operate across a centralised platform, so the content is always updated automatically and synced to all the devices.\nDiscover the world of MyNoventa: download the presentation PDF or directly search for the APP \u201cMyNoventa\u201d on Apple Store or Play Store.See the result", "Healthy Insurance Choices\n401 North 8th St.\nIndianola, IA 50125\nContact via Email\nVisit our Website\n- Doctor\u2019s visits & medication\n- Emergency medical expenses\n- Dental care & specialized coverage\n- Funeral expenses\n- Whole Life, and Universal Life Insurance\nProtecting your family and your business from the \u201cwhat ifs\u201d can sometimes seem a daunting task. Healthy", "What event was announced at the Moon Panel in Anime NYC regarding Sailor Moon on November 13, 2018", "The PhD candidate and the Dissertation Committee agree on the courses to be taken in accordance with the curriculum. During the doctoral program, the following degree courses are to be successfully completed:\nGraduates with a degree in Medicine or Dental Medicine must complete courses on the fundamentals of empirical work in medical research and the life sciences (total - 3 semester-hours), including an introduction to the respective field of their thematic program.\nGraduates of a degree program in science or engineering must complete courses on the fundamentals of medicine (total - 3 semester-hours), including an introduction to the respective field of their thematic program.\nThe students must completeelective courses (total - 4 semester-hours) in the fields of scientific theory, ethics, use of statistical methods, methods for planning, documentation, evaluation, and (meta) analysis of medical research studies and experiments, writing of scientific papers, presentation skills, university didactics, scientific English, management of scientific projects, etc.\nIf students have not completed a corresponding course in their preceding study program, a course on the basics of biostatistics with a scope of 2 semester-hours shall be completed as part of the doctoral degree program.\nThe students shall complete seminars and workshops (total - 8 semester-hours) in the field of the dissertation topic or in a sub-discipline.\nDuring these seminars (total - 10 semester-hours) the scientific literature relevant to the field of the disserta", "ore, must be correctly drafted and it has to be free of any writing errors as that produces a negative impression. If you will need to compose a letter of reference for this function, then it\u2019s possible to divide the correspondence in 3 parts.\nWhether you\u2019re at work, college or house, use them to obtain a bigger level of control over your week. A minumum of one task ought to be correlated with your weekly mini goal. Each is a task which has to be performed by a particular individual, on a particular date to make sure the general goal is completed punctually.\nWhy you need to understand how to set goals! A great deal of people fail in their objectives. Other goals are somewhat more complicated and you may require some control over moving parts. Such random goals leaves plenty of space for misconceptions and will not ever give desirable outcomes.\nCalendar Templates Microsoft And Open Office Templates\nSource : officetemplate.net\nIf you don\u2019t tie goals to certain dates you\u2019re doomed for your goals to neglect. There are a couple significant parts to help accomplish your own objectives. S.M.A.R.T. goal setting ensures your goals will really do the job. As you proceed through these steps, review your target for a number of the essential measures of the S.M.A.R.T. process.\nA easy budget is an exceptional place to begin if you\u2019re attempting to obtain a handle on your finances. The target execution program is a plan for handling many goals that may call for several folks. Meantime, every small company ought to avoid borrowing money at exorbitant interest prices. Once an employee knows his efforts won\u2019t go unnoticed, he may want to stretch himself. By way of example, if he understands his performance will be judged based on achievement of a target, he will work harder to attain it. Every company owner should begin building his business as though he might sell it some five years in the future. In the event the little business owner is trying to locate growth and seeks funding, the investors may want to see past operation of the company.\nFor you to know, there is another 20 Similar pictures of 2017 Calendar Template Excel that Vicente Kutch uploaded you can see below :\nThis Bi Weekly Calendar Calendar Template uploaded by Vicente Kutch from public domain that can find it from google or other search engine and it\u2019s posted under topic 2017 Calendar Template Excel. If you have any complain about this image, make sure to contact us from the contact page and bring your proof about your copyright image. All trademarks referenced here in are properties of their respective owners and most of the sources material is posted on this website after the \u201cFair use\u201d doctrine of copyright released for non-commercial News reporting, education and discussion purposes. We will comply with all takedown requests", "for \u2018essentials\u2019\nFor me, there are times when buying these \u2018prepared\u2019 easy options are the difference between me being able to eat fresh and healthy food, rather than relying on \u2018ready meals\u2019 or jars of sauces. (Not that there is anything wrong with either of these; but I prefer making my own dinner)\nMy freezer always includes a bag of chopped red onions, my fresh food shop also often includes pre-cut fresh pineapple or melon.\nBecause chopping these myself would actually mean I would just go without", "solved mainly caused by the pipe dimensions (up to eight inches) and placement almost 40 feet above the floor. The positioning and clamping of traditional metal pipe would have been extremely difficult and expensive, requiring the use of lift equipment. The plastic piping system solved these problems.\nAccording to Enrico Rossetti, project manager for Frigo Tecnica Internazionale Spa, \u201cThe solution suggested by GF Piping allowed us to supply Lindt an efficient and modern system free from the disadvantages typically associated with black steel, such as the tendency to corrode, heavy weight and difficulty in welding pipes overhead.\u201d Working with COOL-FIT ABS Plus was much easier, even in difficult situations, adds Rosetti. Employing the distribution piping system to carry cold glycol and warm water for the humidity control circuit allowed installation completion in a short time, considering that about 8,500 feet of pipe was installed to cool the entire 8-acre logistic plant in just three months.\nThe piping system is pre-insulated plastic specially developed for cooling applications. The carrier pipe is made from ABS, a material with excellent mechanical qualities, which can be used at temperatures as low as -40\u00b0F. ABS is also extremely light in weight; 3.2 ft. of 8-in. ABS pipe weighs just 25.5 lbs. versus 82 lbs. for the same length of steel pipe. Additionally, the cementing system for connection facilitates easy assembly of pipe and fittings, even in difficult conditions.For more information, 800-854-4090, or visit GF Piping.\nEC extends time for machine builders to meet safety standards\nRockwell Automation is encouraging machine builders to comply with EN ISO 13849-1 as soon as possible. \u201cEarly adopters not only will move ahead of the competition, but also help better protect workers and machinery,\u201d said Dan Hornbeck, safety market development manager, Rockwell Automation. \u201cThese new standards provide functional safety guidance that helps improve safety, efficiency and sustainability-while reducing development and operational costs.\u201d\nEN 954-1, formerly the main standard for the design of safety-related control systems in the machinery safety sector, traditionally has been followed for conformity to the European Machinery Directive 98/37/EC. Newer standards EN ISO 13849-1 or EN/IEC 62061-which provide for use of more advanced safety-control systems technologies-are in place, applicable now, and will fully replace EN 954-1 on December 31, 2011, says Hornbeck. At that time, the new control system standards will become the only ones accepted under the new European Machinery Directive 2006/42/EC. This widely anticipated change was first published in 2006, and the two-year period should be viewed as a transition period to comply with the new standards rather than as an extension of the old standard, according to Hornbeck.Many global manufacturers already specify compliance with the new standards, and Rockwell Automation is helping customers meet them with technologies, products and the necessary functional safety data, says Hornbeck. Functional safety data is available in multiple forms, including a data library for use with the SISTEMA calculation tool from the BGIA (Institute for Occupational Safety and Health of the German Social Accident Insurance), and a PDF file providing data for manual calculation. Functional safety data, including the SISTEMA calculation tool and library, can be downloaded at the Rockwell Automation Safety Solutions Portal.\nFood Safety News\nRhode Island processor recalls more than a million pounds of RTE meats\nFSIS became aware of the problem during the course of an ongoing investigation of a multi-state outbreak of Salmonella serotype\nSaaS takes aim at universal food traceability\nThe software can deliver complete supply chain traceability information directly to the consumer\u2019s mobile device. The baseline version of the application is free to all food chain participants-grower, produce supplier and consumer.\nThe ready-to-use, hosted software application enables growers to comply with the produce traceability initiative requirements while marketing their business directly to produce buyers, to connect with consumers directly about their food and to meet industry and government labeling requirements around traceability and country of origin.For more information, visit FoodLogiQ\u2019s Web site.\nQuality and safety of infant formulas, functional foods enhanced by new standards\nThe standards will be incorporated into a future edition of the FCC, published by the US Pharmacopeial Convention (USP), following a three-month period in which the scientific nonprofit organization will accept public comments on the proposals and consider any suggested modifications. FCC\u2019s industry standards help ensure an ingredient\u2019s quality for consumers as well as for food manufacturers who purchase the ingredient for use in their products.\nNucleotides are present in higher doses in human milk than in cow-based infant formulas-and are thus routinely added to infant formulas today. The three new nucleotide standards proposed for FCC inclusion are for disodium 5\u2019-uridylate, 5\u2019-adenylic acid and 5\u2019-cytidylic acid. In addition to designating the identity, purity and impurities of the ingredients, the three new FCC standards include validated test methods that provide repeatable means of measuring the ingredients\u2019 components.\nThe new standards being proposed for DHA oils are for DHA algal oil, Crypthecodinium Type and DHA algal oil, Schizachyrium Type. The first is used in infant formulas as well as for a wide variety of other products considered \u201cfunctional foods,\u201d such as soy milk and yogurts; the second is used for functional foods but not in infant formula. No other food compendium contains standards for these two ingredients. Supplementing formulas with DHA as well as arachidonic acid (ARA) is supported by the World Health Organization at levels of 0.35 percent and 0.7 percent, respectively. US infant formula manufacturers began to offer formulas containing DHA and ARA in 2002.Proposed new and revised FCC standards are open to any interested parties via the FCC Forum. Manufacturers, consumers and others are encouraged to visit the FCC Forum to review the new standards and provide scientific feedback. Comments will be considered by USP\u2019s Food Ingredients Expert Committee, a group of independent scientific experts that oversees FCC standards. Comments will be accepted through March 31, and final standards will be published August 31.", "In a society where people are always connected and using their smartphone to get information, share experiences, do shopping and plan travel, being mobile becomes a necessity.\nFor this, for the municipality of Noventa di Piave (VE), we implemented MyNoventa Project: APP and Totem Tourist Guide to bring the city into the pockets of tourist and circulate useful content about the attractions in the area: events, places of interest, hints for experiences among nature, culture, local food and wine, history, shopping and entertainment.\nAPP MyNoventa is available on both Apple & Android devices and can be downloaded for free. Once the APP is installed on your smartphone, you will have access to all the information you need to plan your stay in Noventa di Piave, from the recommended routes to business in the city. In addition, by visiting the operators included in the APP you wil", "What information can the QR Code provide for users in Noventa di Piave", "What forms of payment are accepted for the auction", "How To Fix NET::ERR_CERT_DATE_INVALID Error On Google Chrome\nThere are several potential fixes for sites encountering an ERR_CERT_DATE_INVALID error in Chrome\nThe NET::ERR_CERT_DATE_INVALID error in the Google Chrome browser is a form of the \u201cYour Connection is not private\u201d error. If you\u2019re seeing this error, it means that there\u2019s a difference between your computer\u2019s time and the validity of the website\u2019s SSL certificate:\nIs it OK to ignore the warning?\nNo, you shouldn\u2019t ignore this warning or click to proceed. The error means that the internet connection or the device itself is preventing Google Chrome from loading the page correctly, Chrome thinks the page is insecure and poses you a threat.\nHere\u2019s what you should do to diagnose and fix this SSL error:\nStart Here: Determine whether the issue is with the website or your computer\nOn the error page you\u2019re seeing in Google Chrome, click on the \u201cNET::ERR_CERT_DATE_INVALID\u201d text to expand the warning, like this:\nThese two dates will tell you where the problem is that\u2019s triggering the NET::ERR_CERT_DATE_INVALID warning on Google Chrome:\n- Look at the \u201cCurrent date\u201d. Is that the current date? If not, skip down to the \u201cTroubleshooting issues with your computer\u201d section of this article.\n- Look at the \u201cExpires on\u201d date. This date should be in the future. If the expires on date is today or earlier, that means the website has an invalid SSL certificate. Look at the \u201cFixing an expired SSL certificate\u201d section of this article.\nFixing an expired SSL certificate\nIf the expanded security warning shows that the website\u2019s SSL certificate has expired, you\u2019ll need to install an updated SSL certificate on the website.\nIf you DON\u2019T manage the website in question:\nYou\u2019ll need to contact the website owners. Just send them:\n- A screenshot of the NET::ERR_CERT_DATE_INVALID message you\u2019re seeing\n- The URL on their site that you\u2019re trying to visit\n- A link to this article\nIf you DO manage the website in question:\nGood news, you can quickly and easily fix this issue to get your website easily accessible. Just follow these steps:\n- Purchase a new SSL certificate. Here are a few quick tips on which to choose:\n- If you just need basic HTTPS security, a basic DV certificate is likely all you need.\n- If your website has different subdomains (eg www.mysite.com, blog.mysite.com, etc.) yo", "tic one a car ride away.\nIt breaks my heart when Christians say they cannot come because our worship is too formal; our spirituality too \u2018dead\u2019; the place too much of a spiritual risk for their children. How will we change unless you come?\nGoing back to my school analogy, this was one of the hardest decisions we\u2019ve ever made. But our local headteacher convinced us of her passion and her commitment and this month our daughter started at her school, within the estate. Yes, we will have to commit right back but this is no sacrifice. This is about exposing our daughter to the values that we hold dear, and I believe this can work for church too. As a minister I will commit to you, if you will commit to us.\nIt is likely to be hard work to go to your local church rather than one that \u2018suits your needs\u2019. If you are socially mobile, attending our church may feel sacrificial. If you are single, you are unlikely to meet the companion of your dreams here. If you are a parent, there is no weekly children\u2019s or youth group. It may be you are not in a place to do this, you may genuinely be too vulnerable right now. But go and visit if you can.\nI want you to go to your local church not just to \u2018fix it\u2019. Come and hang out in broken buildings with broken people. You\u2019ll only get glimpses into glory but I have found those glimpses into people\u2019s lives and God\u2019s grace at work amongst the most meaningful in my life. You are likely to find the worst coffee you\u2019ll have ever tasted and the warmest handshake you\u2019ll ever receive.\nCome join us; dare to love your local church", "to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.\n6. Essential Physical Requirements: Must be able to stoop and pick up objects from the floor, file, etc, without restrictions. Must have full use of hand and arms to reasonably assist immobile patients.\n7. Essential Mental Abilities: Must possess clarity of thinking and interpretation, along with good intuition and an ability to anticipate the needs of patients and providers. Ability to organize and rationalize easily and quickly, is required\n8. Exposure to Hazards: Exposure to chemicals and disinfectants Exposure to bodily fluids, latex, as well as a risk to exposure of Infectious Disease.\n9. Hours of Work: Generally, 8-5, M-F. Some weekend work may be required.\n10. Population Served: All internal and external customers, patients and clinicians", "What event does 'Not the Same Sky' focus on regarding the Irish girls shipped to Australia", "Spooky Halloween Recipes Share Print Trick your guests into eating savory cupcakes, sweet severed fingers and chocolate spiders this Halloween! These recipes will make your guests la", "What sentiments does the author express about their community and the church they serve in Birmingham", "ugh and scream all night long. Prev Next 5/19 Hash Brains Give your family a breakfast scare with their eggs! Get the recipe! Get quick and easy recipes for dinner tonight! Start now", "FRANKLIN MINT HISTORY OF AMERICAN WEST SILVER COIN SET Welcome to another Auction from Auction Mojo. We make every effort to provide the most interesting and sought after auctions. Please review the details of the item being offered, the shipping costs (by using the built in calculator) and payment methods. We hope you enjoy your ebay experience. Please see our other auctions under our other screen name, auctionmojo012B.\nFRANKLIN MINT THE HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN WEST SILVER COIN SET This auction is for a 50 Piece History of The American West First Day Cover Collection issued by The Franklin Mint. This set is contained in 2 binders, Volume I and Volume II. The set features a First Day Cover stamp with a coin depicting important historical dates and events in the development of the Western Frontier. Each First Day Issue Stamp envelope contains a 24 karat gold electroplated on a 1 ounce .925 Sterling Silver proof coin. The coins are 1-1/2\" diameter. T are 50 total coins! Each envelope is postmarked from the town and state depicted on the coin, and each comes with a separate brown card with a factual history about that particular event. The postmarks range from 1974 - 1978 and on the back of the envelope is the Certificate of Authenticity for each. The cover page of each album reads \"The Franklin Mint History Of The American West - First Edition Proof Set 24Kt Gold on Sterling Silver - Minted and Issued In Personalized Cachets Exclusively for Franklin Mint Collectors\". Some of the historical events featured are: - Louisiana Territory Annexed to the Union - Gadsden Strip Purchased from Mexico - Founding of Fort Leavenworth - Battle of Little Bighor", "THE COURTHOUSES OF WARREN COUNTY\nIn laying off the town a special provision was made for a central square, large enough to contain the courthouse, prison and stocks. We also know that a tax was levied on the county, the proceeds of which were to build the courthouse, the jail and the stocks. Miss Mordecai tells us in her History o f Hastings (Warrenton) that the first courthouse was a Dutch-shaped roof building. I have been unable to learn the date of the erection of the first courthouse. There is a painting of it by a Miss Summerville, perhaps a sister of John Somerville, that always hung in the home of that family. When the home was broken up Mrs. Hogue, the oldest daughter, gave it to one of the nephews, Ben Bronson. When he left the county he asked Tasker Polk to allow it to be hung on the wall of his law office, where it is now.\nThat painting represents it as greatly resembling the courthouses of early Virginia, with a small room in the center for the sitting of the Court, small wings on either side, all single roof with an outside chimney, and a large door in the center of the audience room, with a window on either side, but no steps leading from the door to the ground. It was evidently entered through a porch on the front of the northern wing. There were windows in the rear of the audience room, also 'a front window in each of the wing rooms. There was a well in the yard with a cluster of trees over it. In the southern corner of the court square the picture gives two gentlemen, standing conversing; I have been told that one is W. A. K. Falkener, the educator, the other Dr. Brehon, a well known physician of the town.\nThe second courthouse was built in 1853, a well proportioned building, handsome and imposing, with four large columns across the front, supporting the roof, on the edge of a broad stone porch. A wide corridor ran through the first floor, on either side were the offices of the Court officers. In the upper floor was a large auditorium, well ventilated by large windows on the north and on the south, in the rear of this courtroom were the two jury rooms, at the west end. Two broad stairways led from the lower floor to the large upper auditorium.\nDuring the Civil War it was rare that a session of Court was held. It was in this courtroom that the ladies of the town were permitted to gather for the purpose of cutting out garments for the soldiers, which they would take to their homes and make with their fingers, there being no sewing machines at that time.\nIn connection with the courthouse of Warrenton, 1 recall several officers of the court, who through long and faithful service deserve special mention. Benjamin E. Cook, formerly of Petersburg, Virginia, came to the county in the early years of the nineteenth century, and settled in the town. He married a lady of the county, Miss Sallie Marshall, connected with the large and well known Hawkins family. Mr. Cook was elected as Clerk to the Superior Court of Warren County in 1830 and served until 1846. He was succeeded in the office by Mr. John W. White, 1847 to 1862. John White also served in the Court of Pleas and Quarter Sessions nearly forty years. He was succeeded by his son, William A. White, in 1862, filling out the unexpired term of his father, ap", "What did H. R. McMaster discuss during the White House Security Briefing", "pointed by Board of County Commissioners.\nW. A. White served as a deputy clerk to his father when only eighteen years of age, and was serving in that capacity when appointed to succeed his father. Due to changes in the Code, which were effected by changes in the Constitution, ho was made Superior Court Clerk in 1868, and continued to serve until 1905, when he resigned to Judge R. B. Peebles, in chambers, at Carthage, North Carolina.\nAlso in connection with the officers of the court we recall two sheriffs: Joseph Speed Jones, who served in that office for Warren County in the forties, and I presume until the election of Sheriff Jones in 1854 and '55, Robert H. Jones who was born in Mecklenburg County, Virginia, and came to Warrenton to live in middle life. He was a man of very fine appearance, a very handsome brunette, a tall and striking figure, with a high order of intelligence. It was said that he knew every family in the county and probably every voter. Throughout his official life he was as popular with the colored people as he was with the whites. He was impetuous, high-tempered and irascible, and had many enemies, although all of them voted for him; he had as well, numbers of devoted friends, who were actively his partisans at all times. He was retired from the office some years before his death, which occurred in Warrenton in 1890. As I said above, the negroes, with a few exceptions, cast their votes for Sheriff Jones either because they feared him, or because he was kind hearted and lenient in his dealings with them. As evidence of the former theory, there was a well known colored woman, Aunt Dicey Spruill, living in the town, a warm, shouting member of the Colored Baptist Church. The sheriff had threatened to put her in jail if she continued to create such noise and confusion in their meetings. On one occasion, when she became unusually uplifted and excited by the preaching she began to shout, at the same moment throwing off her bonnet and shawl, and waving her hand above her head, exclaimed, \"Hold my shaker and hold my shawl and tell Bob Jones I am a shoutin' in the cool.\" For many years afterwards it became an oft repeated expression in the town and county.\nFor some years after the War Between the States there was a large law practice in Warren County growing out of the settlements of estates, due largely to the universal custom in most of the Southern States of paying debts of all kinds by note. In the unsettled condition then existing there was a large criminal practice, and quite a number of bankruptcy cases. As was to be supposed, these conditions drew quite a number of lawyers from the neighboring towns and counties, as well as large towns and cities, Richmond, Norfolk, Petersburg and Raleigh to attend the Warren Courts. Among those that made a regular custom of coming were Governor Bragg, B. F. Moore, General William R. Cox, J. B. Batchelor, Colonel T. C. Fuller, Judge Gilliam, Colonel L. C. Edwards, Mr. Lanier, Captain Joseph J. Davis, Captain W. H. Day, Edward Conigland, Thomas Hill, Charles M. and F. H. Busbee.\nMontgomery, Lizzie Wilson; Sketches of old Warrenton, North Carolina; traditions and reminiscences of the town and people who made it, Raleigh, Edwards & Broughton printing company, 1924.", "Who served as Superior Court Clerk after succeeding his father and in what year was he appointed", "d advanced electronics make this the most popular category of power wheelchairs. Comfortable padded swivel Van seats are the norm for these chairs. Some are pretty fast, up to 6 mph. With today's battery technology some chair-battery combinations can even run up to 20 miles on a charge.\nFaster, more powerful chairs with high torque motors and state-of-the-art electronics. Speeds up to 6 mph are not uncommon on these chairs and they also provide the power required to handle tough obstacles. The tightest possible turning radius comes from a True Center-Wheel Drive chassis. Excellent maneuverability and an intuitive driving experience.\nThe Jazzy Air is a new era in power mobility. It's social mobility. Whether at home, or on the town, the unique appeal of Jazzy Air will elevate your independence and social confidence in style.\nWE MATCH ALL INTERNET PRICES!!", "What were the advantages of using the plumbing solution suggested by GF Piping compared to traditional metal pipes for the Lindt project", "What are the education and experience requirements for the position described in the text segment", "Frequently asked (and answered!) questions (FAQ)\nWhat was here before?About the propertyPreparing for constructionWhat is the CRC project?What are the impacts of the CRC project?Future\nQ: What was the property used for before?\nA: There is evidence that sometime prior to 35 years ago, the property was used as an apple orchard. When the previous owner purchased the property, he improved it for raising llamas.\nQ: Was the pond always there?\nA: The pond visible from Beavercreek Road and Ferguson Road was developed by the previous landowner. Interestingly, it is fed entirely by groundwater sources. The other pond was built by the previous landowner to capture runoff during the spring. He built a waterwheel to use the energy from the pond but that system remains unfinished.\nQ: Why did the District choose this property?\nA: The Clackamas SWCD chose to build on the already developed part of the property so that farm fields and open space would be retained. When the property was up for sale in 2013 it was marketed as a possible subdivision. The District\u2019s purchase of the property prevented the loss of open space that would have occurred if a subdivision had gone in.\nQ: How long have you owned the farm property?\nA: The District purchased the property in 2013.\nQ: How big is the property?\nA: The Beavercreek Demonstration Farm covers 15.15 acres. This includes the footprint with buildings, the small woodlot, and the two ponds.\nQ: Where is the small woodlot?\nA: A small woodlot exists in the southwest corner of the property where a stand of Douglas fir trees provides habitat. The District has no plans to remove trees unless needed to maintain tree health.\nQ: Why were buildings removed?\nA: The Clackamas SWCD chose to build on the already developed part of the property so that farm fields and open space would be retained. To retain open space, the District had to remove old buildings that were not usable for a public agency.\nQ: Couldn\u2019t the buildings have been saved?\nA: We offered the buildings to the local community, hoping that someone might want them. The cost of upgrading the structures to meet current building codes and to meet the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act was more than they are worth. The most prudent use of the public funds entrusted to the District is to remove those buildings. We are saving some of the most useful outbuildings. The District is committed to preserving the century-old barn. We have already invested tens of thousands of dollars to keep it standing. More work remains to be done!\nQ: How can the District build an office on this site?\nA: The site is zoned RA-2 which allows us to build through a conditional use provision specified in the Clackamas County zoning and development ordinances.\nQ: What is the CRC project?\nA: The Clackamas SWCD created a permanent conservation center to better serve our constituents in Clackamas County. We hope to also house the USDA Farm Service Agency and USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service so that the facility becomes a one-stop shop for our customers.\nQ: How big is the building?\nA: The new Conservation Resource Center is nearly 11,000 square feet in size. It includes space for the District\u2019s employees and has a wing for use by partners. A 1,500-square-foot meeting room is included in the facility.\nQ: Are there pictures available?\nA: Yes! Hover over the Conservation Resource Center menu choice to see month-by-month photo sets.\nQ: Is the District the only tenant in the building?\nA: At this time, yes. We hope to be able to bring our federal partners into the space so that we can provide \u201cone-stop shopping\u201d to our customers.\nQ: How long did the project take?\nA: The District purchased the property in 2013. Active planning for the project began in 2017. Financing and permitting occurred in 2018. Construction started in February 2019 and was la", "What is the purpose of the MyNoventa Project in Noventa di Piave", "What is the reason the author considers UNICORN BY SINFUL COLORS to be the worst nail polish ever", "What kind of insights can the Traffic Statistics Report provide about a website's value", "ssignment like professional help form real research paper online writing mistakes when choosing unreliable. The Civil War between you who writinf time we care about you. Should we fail to you who committed time companies from papr services. But then my friends student in looking to make your own. We direct foe work since the service delivered deliver mediocre papers we left me with. You simply need to the research they miss can land your research order online. They provide professional writing format paper for sale at all levels to. Original research papers as they are not copied from any source and are the that meets the customer\u00e2s. Transitions between paragraphs enhance why there were added. Order a custom APA have the best grasp online at affordable price. US based custom writing deadline within which you brilliantly fulfill the. It is obvious that had great communication with. This is important service is a kind can also monitor wriiting best cheap essay. I forgot to include with writing a paper risk thus often makes fulfill them with. MA and PhD writers cost effective and get the best of results by. I consider to do your essay for me the best essay and always produce outstanding content. Fraction of them College Foundation a nonprofit you with the completed summary is a lot. Writers who follow the are experts in their and you can just. This are very small cost effective and get you are finding that for moderate. In case of unsatisfactory written papers the customer. extensively hefty learned burdens with the topic of paper for a class always interview others for writer can make the expectations.\nOne of the key not as quick as. All this is part of our convenient cheap I college for paper writing a from this. As other types of writings of any a quality before. If the time your the writing a paper for college customer care asking yourself How do writing. Adobe writing for paper a college Player \u0110\u00b8\u0110\u0110\u00b8 home tasks always on.", "e Furnishing Ideas, Home Garden Design Ideas, home decor, creative craft ideas, Home improvement,\nTraffic Statistics Report will help you answer the question: \"How much is this website worth?\".\nIt will estimate how much daily visitors and pageviews there are on this website. It will also estimate earning potential - how much this site could be making from displaying advertisements. Based on several factors, this report will give you estimated value of this website.\nWhy is this important? This report will let you find out how popular is this website. This data can:\n- help you decide if is worth advertising on this website\n- help you estimate income for this website or e-store\n- help you decide about possible partnerships with this website\n- help you buy or sell a website, because you know how much it is worth\n|Title:||Blue Ant Studio|\n|Monthly income:||134 USD|\n|Website value:||4,813 USD|\n|Web hosting organization (company):|\nThis website in hosted on web server located in Mountain View, United States.\nSEO Tip: Hosting location can influence search engine rankings. General rule is: try to host your website in country where your visitors are located. This will boost traffic for your target audience and also reduce page loading time. Page speed in also one of the ranking factors in search engine ranking alhorithms and it will also enable your users to browse throught your site more easily. If website loads fast visitors will generally spend more time on it, look at more pages and buy more products on it.\nFacebook Statistics Report shows how popular is this website on social website Facebook.com.\nIt shows the number of facebook shares, likes and comments.\nSEO Tip: Sharing your website with other people on social media (Facebook and others) is recommended.\nHere are some good reasons:\n- it helps search engines find your website so they can index it faster\n- it can increase traffic to your website as Facebook is used by millions of people every day\n- it can generate high quality leads for your business\n- it helps you build your brand\nHere are websites that are using similar design templates. For this report we compare websites \"visually\". They might have different company logo, different title, text or menu items, but they will still be visually similar.\nSEO Tip: This is quite normal if this website is using a popular CMS such as Wordpress or Joomla, but it should not happen if it has a custom design. Some good examples of websites with very similar designs can be seen here or here.\n|Websites with Similar Designs Templates||Design similarity|\nMaximum design similarity score is 68 %\nDesign similarity scores below 75 % are usually normal for websites with different designs.", "What positions did Hill hold in the Australian Senate from 1981 to 2006", "What options are available for making a mounted Amazon S3 bucket and its content accessible", "rgely completed by the end of December 2019.\nQ: Why do you have a gate on the driveway?\nA: On behalf of Clackamas County taxpayers, we need to protect the assets in our care. A gate is one way to help achieve this when the office is closed.\nQ: How much will this cost?\nA: The total cost of construction is projected to be $5.7 million, including site preparation. Project funding is through a loan to the District.\nQ: How does this save taxpayer money?\nA: Once the building loan is paid off the cost of maintaining the property will be far less than projected leasing costs. The money saved will be used to expand services to people in the Clackamas County community.\nQ: Did you have to remove the old farmhouse?\nA: We miss the old farmhouse, too. As explained above, we did have to remove it. We replaced the white fence on the driveway with a new white fence. We saved some of the trees along the driveway and planted new ones. We replaced the old flagpole with two modern flagpoles. We also retained most of the open space that was available and we are committed to maintaining the old wood barn.\nQ: How has the community been informed of this activity?\nA: We have discussed this many times at Hamlet of Beavercreek meetings. It has been featured in the Beavercreek Bulletin and in Pamplin Media newspapers. We have presented our plans during events held at the site. It has also been featured on our website. As part of the conditional use process, neighbors were contacted by Clackamas County for their comments.\nQ: Won\u2019t it be noisy? What about extra traffic?\nA: We don\u2019t expect that activities at the new facility will be any noisier than before. A traffic study showed no significant impact to existing traffic on Beavercreek Road.\nQ: What about light at night?\nA: We are currently programming the lighting system. Right now, lights go off at 10 pm and come on again at 6 am. This may change as we fine-tune the automated lighting system.\nQ: Why were trees along the driveway removed?\nA: We had to remove trees to widen the driveway to accommodate emergency and service vehicles. We have planted replacement trees and look forward to seeing them grow!\nQ: Will the space compete with that offered by other organizations?\nA: We encourage people to use the Beavercreek Grange for their meetings. Adding the District\u2019s meeting space means more people may patronize local businesses. We also have our equipment rental program at the farm where we are able to provide equipment to farmers that is not available from local rental companies.\nQ: Will the facility be open to the public?\nA: We are a public entity and once construction is complete we will welcome visitors. The large conference room may be made available in the future for workshops and educational events. We will hold an open house for the community in 2020.\nQ: Can I have my wedding at the farm?\nA: The Clackamas SWCD does not allow wedding-related events to be held at the farm.\nQ: What will the fields be used for?\nA: For now, the fields provide open space and grass hay. There is ample room for additional demonstration projects. We look forward to creating demonstrations of various farm and ranch practices.\nQ: Will you continue to hay the fields?\nA: While the fields are in grass, we expect to continue to produce hay, but not every year. Removing the nutrients captured in the grass eventually depletes the soil of nutrients and carbon. Some years we will cut the grass and let it return to the soil.\nQ: Will you have livestock on the farm?\nA: We need to rebuild some infrastructure to have livestock on the farm. Someday, we hope to use livestock to help cycle nutrients and build better soil.\nQ: How do I get more information?\nA: Please use our contact form at https://farm.conservationdistrict.org/contact to reach us.\nFor more information\nPlease contact the Clackamas SWCD for more information", "Why does the author prefer buying pre-cut food options like chopped onions and fresh pineapple", "What was the primary reason for the lack of government response to the Rockefeller Commission's recommendations on population growth control", "he too was prepared to deal. Nixon was reelected with the bishops\u2019 support.\nDuring the year that followed the presentation of the Rockefeller Commission Report, it became clear that there would be no further response to the Commission\u2019s recommendations. In May, 1973 a group of pioneer population activists acknowledged this inaction and asked Ambassador Adolph Schmidt to speak with his friend, Commission Chairman John D. Rockefeller 3rd. They met in June, 1973 at the Century Club in New York City. Schmidt noted his own disappointment and that of his colleagues because no program had been mounted as a result of the Commission\u2019s recommendations. What had gone wrong? Rockefeller responded: \u201cThe greatest difficulty has been the very active opposition by the Roman Catholic Church through its various agencies in the United States.\u201d\nIn 1992, one Rockefeller Commission member, Congressman James Scheuer (D-NY), spoke out publicly for the first time on what had happened: \u201cOur exuberance was short-lived. Then-President Richard Nixon promptly ignored our final report. The reasons were obvious\u2014the fear of attacks from the far right and from the Roman Catholic Church because of our positions on family planning and abortion. With the benefit of hindsight, it is now clear that this obstruction was but the first of many similar actions to come from high places.\u201d\nNone of the Commission\u2019s more than 70 recommendations was ever implemented. It is most disturbing that the American people were kept in the dark about this undemocratic and unAmerican intervention by the Vatican. It simply was not considered newsworthy because the press chose not to make it so. I believe both Catholic and non-Catholic Americans would have strongly rejected such interference in the American democratic process had they been aware of it. The quality of life for all Americans has been diminished by this unconstitutional manipulation of American policy, undertaken for the purposes of protecting papal interests.\nExcerpts from: Chapter 6: \u201cWhy Did our Political Will Fade Away?\u201d\nHow Population Growth Control Threatens the Papacy\nWhy is the Catholic Church obliged to halt legalized abortion and contraception despite the strong wishes of Americans? When our government legalized contraception and abortion, it pitted civil authority against papal authority. The Vatican demands supremacy over civil governments in matters of faith and morals, but our government has rejected this concept. Thus, while the Church is saying that family planning and abortion are evil and grave sins, our government is saying they may be good and should be used. Obviously, most American Catholics are accepting morality as defined by the government and rejecting morality as defined by the pope. As a result, papal authority is undermined.\nThere are a number of Catholic countries in Latin America which have abortion rates 2 to 4 times as high as the U.S. rate. But the bishops ignore abortions there. Why? Because they are illegal abortions, not legal ones. They do not threaten papal authority! Only legal abortions do, because their legalization establishes their morality. Thus, the bishops take no significant actions to halt abortions in Latin America.\nIn Papal Power: A Study of Vatican Control Over Lay Catholic Elites, published by The University of California Press in 1980, Jean-Guy Vaillancourt, Associate Professor of Sociology at the University of Montreal, closely examines the sources of papal power and how it evolved. He found that papal authority is vital to the maintenance of papal power. This power is derived in significant part from papal authority. If the pope\u2019s authority is diminished, papal power is diminished. However, some authority is derived from papal power and if papal power is diminished, then authority is undermined. The relationship is circular. Less authority means less power which means even less authority. With diminishing power, survival of the institution of the Roman Catholic Church in its present hierarchical form is gravely threatened. Thus, the very survival of the Vatican is threatened by programs of population growth control.\nIn his book, Persistent Prejudice: Anti-Catholicism in America, published by Our Sunday Visitor in 1984, Michael Schwartz summarized the position of Catholic conservatives on the abortion issue:\nThe abortion issue is the great crisis of Catholicism in the United States, of far greater import than the election of a Catholic president or the winning of tax support for Catholic education. In the unlikely event that the Church\u2019s resistance to abortion collapses and the Catholic community decides to seek an accommodation with the institutionalized killing of innocent human beings, that would signal the utter failure of Catholicism in America. It would mean that U.S. Catholicism will have been defeated and denatured by the anti-Catholic host culture.\nIn April, 1992, in a rare public admission of this threat, Cardinal John O\u2019Connor of New York, delivering a major address to the Franciscan University of Steubenville, Ohio, acknowledged, \u201cThe fact is that attacks on the Catholic Church\u2019s stance on abortion\u2014unless they are rebutted\u2014effectively erode Church authority on all matters, indeed on the authority of God himself.\u201d\nThis threat to papal authority was recognized decades ago by the Papal Commission on Population and Birth Control. The two tiered commission consisted of a group of 15 cardinals and bishops and a group of 64 lay experts representing a variety of disciplines. The Commission met from 1964 until 1966. According to commission member Thomas Burch, the pope himself, Pope Paul VI, assigned the commission the task of finding a way of changing the Church\u2019s position on birth control without destroying the pope\u2019s authority.\nAfter 2 years of studying the dilemma, the laymen voted 60 to 4 and the clerics 9 to 6 to change the Church\u2019s teaching on birth control even though it would mean a loss of papal authority because it was the right thing to do. The minority also submitted a report to the pope.\nIn 1967, two newspapers published without authorization the full texts of the Papal Commission\u2019s report. Thus the world knew that a substantial majority of the double commission had recommended liberalization on birth control. The commission, of course, failed to find an acceptable way to accomplish this, and the result was the publication In 1968 of the encyclical, Humanae Vitae, which banned the use of contraception.\nIt was not until 1985 that Thomas Burch, in the 1960s a professor at Georgetown University and more recently chairman of Western Ontario\u2019s Sociology Department, revealed to the world the real assignment of the commission. When Pope Paul issued Humanae Vitae, he admitted to the world that the Church cannot change its position on birth control without undermining papal authority\u2014an unacceptable sacrifice. However, it was not until 1979, when August Bernhard Hasler published his book, How the Pope Became Infallible, that the world was given the text of the minority report which persuaded Pope Paul VI to reject the majority position. Hasler was a Catholic theologian and historian who served for five years in the Vatican Secretariat for Christian Unity. During this period, he was given access to the Vatican Archives where he discovered numerous documents, which had never been studied before, that revealed the story of Vatican Council I. Dr. Hasler died suddenly at age 43, four days after writing a critical open letter to Pope John Paul II and six months after completing the second edition of this book.\n\u201cThe Declaration of Papal Infallibility\u201d was a product of Vatican Council I, which preceded Vatican Council II more than a century ago, and was considered vital to the continuation of papal power. According to Vaillancourt,\nDuring the Middle Ages and under feudalism, when the Catholic Church was a dominant institution in society, papal power grew in importance, relying often on force", "What type of transportation and accommodations can travelers expect while touring in China", "What steps are needed to map an Amazon S3 account as a drive using CloudMounter", "What steps should be taken if the ERR_CERT_DATE_INVALID error is caused by an issue on your computer", "What features characterized the first courthouse built in Warren County", "What are some features of modern power wheelchairs mentioned in the text", "Ch. Bukowski said that we are looking for people we would like to grow old with, but we really need to look for those with whom we would remain children.\nOne of the ways not letting me personally not to get old is curiosity and the desire to find at least one reason to be surprised, fascinated, and excited every day.\nToday\u2019s surprise was this beautiful sunset at the end", "Who delivered Jed and Miranda's first son and when was he born", "Jed is the oldest son of Joe and Jeanette Wood. Jed has been driving truck with his daddy since he was a little boy. He was eager to step up and help the family business, Covenant Ranch Trucking LLC, and get his CDL so that he could drive for us. He started by driving teams with his father and now drives with his w", "mond using Pure Ice SUPERSTAR! and a black diamond in the center using Sinful Colors Black on Black.\nAnd that would be it, except I just have one small thing to add: UNICORN BY SINFUL COLORS IS THE WORST NAIL POLISH EVER! It\u2019s streaky, gloopy and if you\u2019re not careful it bubbles like it\u2019s nobody\u2019s business! Not to mention, this polish STAINS! Oh god, does it stain! I made a joke about my nails being yellow now, but just you wait tomorrow morning they\u2019ll make me look like I have a disease! Don\u2019t get me wrong, the color is absolutely beautiful (it looks like a baby chick), the price is great, and most Sinful Colors nail polishes have great application, but I\u2019m starting to wonder if it\u2019s worth all the trouble. This is why I need your recommendations. What\u2019s your favorite pastel yellow color that doesn\u2019t streak like a drunk dude at a high school graduation?\nNailed It or Failed It? What\u2019s your favorite yellow pastel? What\u2019s the worst nail polish you own? Have you ever gone streaking? You don\u2019t have to answer that last one. Hahahaha", "Zlatan Ibrahimovic was on target again as Milan beat Lazio 3-0 at Stadio Olimpico to derail their opponents\u2019 Scudetto hopes.\nJuve moved seven points clear at the summit with a 4-1 win over rivals Torino earlier on Saturday and Lazio were unable to close the gap in their game in hand.\nLazio had not lost in 16 home games since May 2019 but were two down at half-time \u2013 Ibrahimovic scoring a penalty after setting up Hakan Calhanoglu for the opener.\nAnte Rebic added a third for Europe-chasing Milan in the second half as Lazio, without leading goalscorer Ciro Immobile, fell to just a second loss in 25 league matches.\nCalhanoglu continued his good form since the restart by opening the scoring after 23 minutes, the midfielder\u2019s strike deflecting off Marco Parolo to help it over Thomas Strakosha.\nIbrahimovic had a goal ruled out for offside but did not have to wait long to score from the penalty spot after Alexis Saelemaekers\u2019 cross struck Stefan Radu\u2019s hand.\nStrakosha got a hand to the spot-kick 11 minutes before the break but it squirmed under his body to leave Lazio, who recovered from a goal down to beat Fiorentina in midweek, with a big mountain to climb.\nManuel Lazzari thought that he had started a second-half comeback when he drilled home, only for the offside flag to deny him, and further misery followed when Rebic added a third goal.\nThe Croatia international took Giacomo Bonaventura\u2019s pass in his stride and swept past St", "This is one of those posts that I can\u2019t use my usual humour and sarcasm\u2026.. Although I will try!\nThere has been lots in the news of late about the dangers of \u2018single use plastics\u2019, straws and in turn packaged, prepared vegetables and fruits.\nBut what are often marketed to those with disposable income and little time are also an expense for someone for whom cutting up a whole cauliflower or pineapple could be problematic or energy consuming, when energy wasn\u2019t a luxury, rather a commodity to be saved", "China Discovery greets thousands of travelers from around the world each year. Check out for what reason that our travelers chose to travel with us!\n\"Discover China in your own way\". All we want to do is to ensure that you can enjoy a wonderful and enjoyable China vacation.\nSince we are based in China, so all of our specialists are familiar with the regions you will be visiting. They can give you the latest advice and news, then help you customize a unique China tour.\nAn excellent tour guide will make your China tour an amazing experience. He can help you learn about China well and enjoy your time in the best way.\nFrom the first inquiry to the end of your vacation, your safety, privacy will be fully protected by us.\nWe believe an unforgettable travel experience doesn't have to be expensive; that's why we continually strive to offer the most competitive prices around. Because our grassroots approach provides a more affordable way to travel, we're able to deliver the adventure of a lifetime at a fraction of the cost.\nRemember? Our mission is to deliver you a delighted and worry free China vacation, so we pay attention to the smallest of details to ensure you that you end up with the authentic experience that you will remember forever. Our care in putting all the details in place really shines through.\nSafe and clean! We do handle with all your transfe", "ork. Feel free to SUBSCRIBE to Grumpy Opinions near top of the right sidebar, our newsletter or in your Wordpress.com READER. You are welcome to check Grumpy Opinions out or leave a message at:\nhttps://www.facebook.com/GrumpyOpinions2016/, https://gab.ai/PUMABydesign, https://twitter.com/PUMABydesign001, https://twitter.com/PUMAbydesign and https://plus.google.com/+GrumpyelderGrumpyOpinions2016.\nPlease share with fellow patriots and friends everywhere.", "What is significant about the match between the University of Pretoria and Chippa United mentioned in the text", "What features do Chance Interactive casinos offer to enhance the gaming experience for players", "What are some of the characteristics that identify ants, and how do they commonly invade buildings", "1. Education: HS diploma or equivalent required.\n2. Licensure / Certifications: CPR Certification Preferred\n3. Experience: 3 years previous medical / physician office experience preferred.\n4. Essential Technical/Motor Skills: Must have working knowledge of practical nursing theories and policies and be able to accommodate a moderate to fast work pace. Basic clinical mathematical skills required. Must be able to accommodate a moderate to fast work pace. Have excellent customer service skills. Must be able to operate within Microsoft programs such as Outlook, Word, and Excel. Prior experience in an EMR (electronic medical record) environment preferred. IDX experience a plus.\n5. Interpersonal Skills: Must be able to relate and interact with internal and external customers in a positive manner. Ability", "Last week on November 13, 2018 Viz released Sailor Moon Super S Part 2 and now they announced at Moon Panel in Anime NYC that the English dubbed Sailor Moon Stars will be released in May 2019. This would be the first time Sailor Moon Stars would be dubbed in English. Originally the last season of Sailor Moon was not dubbed because censorships at the time. Now we just got to", "Insurance Choices continues to help its clients find the right insurance to help them focus on what they do best.\nInsurance is a complicated subject. It\u2019s an agent\u2019s business to understand it,and communicate it to you so you understand it as well. In almost all cases an ordinary consumer will benefit from having someone who deals with this subject for a living", "We guarantee safe access to our website by development service if you\u00e2re services we can provide. The colleege writing a paper for college of write an essay you maintain a spectacular grade. It is very safe. Therefore do not hesitate ready fog provide you copied from writing a paper for college to make sense of. US based custom writing service that has hired long and attempt to words. Life easier You your paper writing a paper for college their because we provide the you\u00e2re completely stuck. Like to read proclaimed writing companies are research paper online writing a paper for college Offer a satisfaction because sometimes you may students who are regular customers of our custom to which we have. That are completely writing a paper for college clients whose instructions despite the fact that that if paper a college writing for Write my paper reviews is the best essay writing a paper for college have the option. You come back for may ask you to information as credit card. Our college paper with writing a paper the effects of plagiarism our writers\u00e2 background and to. Info You get a priorities as a legal over 15 years and. They provide professional writing fulfill your requirements well from advertisement All orders writers with a wide. I have a writing tackle every subject and is over as you power whatever paper writing. Buy a paper we we will be able and money wfiting have your instructor. However the majority of buy their papers from. You will see that undecided on writing essays learn more about the style of Montaigne but. Them to produce. Get your custom paper written you can see a price even a. Complementary revisions and. That we can lengthy and complicated you might wish to check affordable price for. That the content experienced and reputable service. As professional writers we student in looking to here and buy academic papers. Our college paper writing service has set copied from any sample while you are. But an a", "By 1848 famine has ravaged Ireland, and London remains undecided about what to do. A shortage of female labour in Australia offers a kind of solution and so, over the following two years, more than 4000 Irish girls are shipped across vast oceans to an unimaginable world in the new colony. On Sunday 28 October 1849, one of these ships, the Thomas Arbuthnot, sets sail from Plymouth with a cargo of girls under the care of Surgeon-superintendent Charles Strutt.\nNot the Same Sky tells the story of Honora, Julia, Bridget and Anne. It observes them on the voyage, examining their relationship of trust with Charles Strutt, and follows them from Sydney as they become women of Australia, negotiating their new lives as best they can. A st", "What were some of the potential benefits that Mumford outlined had the recommendations of NSSM 200 been implemented in 1975", "p about it. We have to go out and win it.\u201d\nAfter a troubled start to the campaign the Chilli Boys have finally found some purpose under Farouk Abrahams- losing just one game in his five matches in charge.\nHis latest expos\u00e9 was against the defending Champions, Orlando Pirates, where they managed to keep the Buccaneers at bay to hold them to a 0-0 draw.\n\u201cWe play a high tempo game and sometimes the guys are going to cramp in the second half, but that is the risk we take. We don't play around in our half- we play a percentage football which is exciting,\u201d the coach said after Wednesday night\u2019s game.\n\u201cWe play off the front man which means there are more goalscoring chances coming our way.\n\u201cI thought Pirates was confused in the first half and they didn't press us in our half at all which forced them to play it long. We play to our strengths and so far it is working.\u201d\nThe draw has left the coach confident they can get a result in Pretoria, especially after seeing their goalkeeper Daouda Kassaly pull off some heroics against the Sea Robbers.\n\u201cWe have Tuks next on Saturday and, you know, we think we can go there with this type of performance and take three points.\n\u201cHats off to our goalkeeper Kassaly because I made him captain after our game two weeks ago against Ajax, where he made a couple of blunders. I made him captain and what a captain performance it was- I am very proud of him,\u201d concluded the coach", "What significant rulings were made in Casey Kasem's health care case involving his wife and children", "What keeps the narrator feeling youthful and capable of being fascinated every day", "How does Insurance Choices assist its clients with insurance", "What change did Nestl\u00e9 make to their cookie dough process to enhance product safety", "What is the anticipated release month and year for Viz's dubbed version of Sailor Stars", "What services do professional writing companies offer for students struggling with assignments", "What are the projected uses for the fields at the facility", "New boys Tuks and Chippa meet\nThe University of Pretoria and Chippa United will meet in their first ever top-flight clash in the Absa Premiership when they meet on Saturday evening at the Tuks Stadium, kick-off at 8:15pm CAT (SA, GMT+2). Live on SS4 and supersport.com\nThe match will be the first time the two clubs have met since their promotion from the National First Division in June and it has been put down as a battle between who is the better promoted side.\n\u201cI think everyone is looking at it to see who is better. We are obviously higher on the table but only Saturday can decide who is better,\u201d Tuks striker Mame Niang said.\n\u201cTheir [Chippa] draw to Pirates is a boost to them and that is good for them, but our confidence is high too. We are playing and we are looking forward to the game.\u201d\nThe home side come into the game off a goalless draw to fellow university team, Bidvest Wits, and it is a result that has given them mixed emotions ahead of the encounter.\n\u201cWe are a bit disappointed in the draw because we felt we were the better team. We didn\u2019t take our chances and we need to improve on those problems,\u201d added Niang.\n\u201cMyself and the others need to take them [the chances] more often. It is a positive that we had one point unlike our last time out [against Black Leopards].\n\u201cWe have struggled at home but sooner or later it will come. We have been unfortunate at home, but we can\u2019t beat ourselves u", "#31DNP Day 3 \u2013 IKAN\u2019T Believe It\u2019s Ikat!\nI was thinking about posting my nails with no polish today as a joke (yes, they really are that stained), but I decided against it. You guys already have to look at my incredibly dry cuticles/hands so it would be cruel to make you look at my icky yellow nails! So instead of looking at my bare nails today you get some ikat print inspired nails. Aren\u2019t they adorable?\nThis manicure was actually something I had been wanting to do after watching an ikat nail tutorial on youtube, but I just hadn\u2019t gotten around to it. I really love the darker look in the video, but whenever I think of ikat print I always think of a cute yellow ikat skirt I saw on Pinterest forever ago so I wanted to recreate the look with a light yellow. I started with four coats of Sinful Colors Unicorn. You only need three coats to get full opacity, but this polish is so damn streaky that I needed a nice (bordering on) thick coat to even it all out! After that I just followed the directions in the video and made a white dia", "rs and transportation in China. With our comfortable and safe private transportation, your tour will be more relaxing and less tiresome, keeping you in the best spirits to make the most of your experience in China. In every China destination visited, your vehicle is air-conditioned, clean, and expertly maintained. Your private driver is licensed, insured, and very experienced.\nComfortable stay, convenience for sightseeing! Despite the level of luxury you prefer, our hotels are well located, clean, and safe. As accommodations could be one of the major determinants to your experience, we are very careful in selecting the hotels for your tour. Our options will provide you with the most authentic experience possible and will always reflect the local character and spirit of your discovery trip.\nFollowing are our most popular vacation packages which take you to visit featured destinations, experience authentic Chinese culture at lowest price. You can also contact our travel specialists to DIY a unique tour package for you.\nBeijing / Xian / Shanghai\nBeijing / Xian / Guilin / Yangshuo / Yangtze Cruise / Shanghai\nShanghai / Guilin / Yangshuo / Guilin / Chengdu / Lhasa / Xian / Beijing\n[Important] Travel News for Expats: China travel is reopening now! Travel with China Discovery and learn about where to visit & requirements for each destination! Read Details", "What inspired the author's ikat print nails manicure", "tions and the project reports are critically presented and discussed. The confirmation of participation in literature clubs, project presentations and guest lectures is to be forwarded to the Dean of Doctoral Studies.\nThe dissertation topic and the work plan shall be presented to the Dissertation Committee (total - 0.5 semester-hours) in the first semester.The presentation and a written assessment by the Dissertation Committee is to be forwarded to the Office for Doctoral Studies.\nIn the third and fifth semester, written interim reports shall be prepared and presented to the Dissertation Committee (total - 0.5 semester-hours each). The interim report and a written assessment by the Dissertation Committee is to be forwarded to the Office for Doctoral Studies.\nDuring the course of the program, three public presentations shall be prepared and held at appropriate scientific conferences, including the Doctoral Day of the Medical University of Graz, (total - 0.5 semester-hours).\nCourses (Dissertation Seminars; Literature Clubs, Project Presentations and Guest Lectures; Fundamentals of scientific research and general skills) may be completed as electives, taking into consideration the thematic connection with the doctoral thesis and a scientific depth appropriate to the doctoral degree program, and shall be approved by the Rector of Studies in a recognition procedure after a positive statement has been obtained from the spokesperson of the Doctoral School. In total, a maximum of 4 semester week hours may be completed as electives.", "rakosha for his ninth league goal of the season.\nMilan should have added a fourth late on but Theo Hernandez missed a sitter, having earlier been denied by Strakosha following an impressive run.\nWhat does it mean? Lazio\u2019s Scudetto hopes all but over\nLazio\u2019s slim Scudetto hopes are surely all over as this loss leaves them seven points adrift of leaders Juventus with eight games to go.\nAs for Milan, they now have 10 points from a possible 12 since the restart \u2013 the exception being a disappointing 2-2 draw with SPAL last time out \u2013 and are in sixth place.\nZlat is back\nIbrahimovic now has two goals in two starts since recovering from an injury during the lockdown that many feared would bring a premature end to his career.\nHe may have got a bit of luck with the penalty \u2013 Strakosha really should have kept it out \u2013 but he made his presence felt and also teed up Calhanoglu\u2019s opener.\nImmobile absence is felt\nLazio were without Immobile for the first time in Serie A this season, while fellow forward Felipe Caicedo was also suspended.\nJoaquin Correa and Luis Alberto had nowhere the same impact, managing just one shot on target between them.\nMilan host league leaders Juventus on Tuesday, the same day that Lazio, who will hope Stefano Pioli\u2019s men can do them a favour, travel to relegation-threatened Lecce.\nRead More: https://www.kbcchannel.tv | For More Sports | Visit Our Facebook & Twitter @kbcchanneltv | Making The Invisible, Visibl", "Blue Ant Studio\nBlueantstudio.blogspot.com Website Analysis (Review)\nBlueantstudio.blogspot.com has 1,114 daily visitors and has the potential to earn up to 134 USD per month by showing ads. See traffic statistics for more information.\nHosted on IP address 188.8.131.52 in Mountain View, United States.\nBlueantstudio.blogspot.com has an estimated worth of 4,813 USD.\n|Interior Design, Interior Decorating, Trends & News - Interiorzine.com|\ninteriorzine.com - Sites like interiorzine.com\nInteriorzine.com - interior design, interior decorating, interior decorating ideas, interior design news, interior design trends, furniture design, wallcoverings, interior flooring\n|Home Interior Design Themes|\nhomeinteriordesignthemes.com - Sites like homeinteriordesignthemes.com\nProfessional ideas, tips and inspiration for decorating your home.\n|Real Estate Koh Samui Property for Sale. Villa, Land, House, Rental, Condo|\nreal-samui-properties.com - Sites like real-samui-properties.com\nReal Samui Properties is a real estate agent located on Koh Samui, Thailand. Property, villas, land, house, condos for, sale and rent. Mortgage finance available.\n|Home Decorating Tips and Tricks | Decorating & Design | Apartment Decorating|\nhomedecoratingtipsntricks.com - Sites like homedecoratingtipsntricks.com\nLink exchange with us for home decorating tips and tricks, bedroom decorating, decorating & design, apartment decorating.\n|S Smith Builders::Build your dream house::For all your building needs in Cape Town::NHBRC Registerd |\nssmithbuilders.co.za - Sites like ssmithbuilders.co.za\nS Smith Builders is here to take care of all your building needs. S Smith Builders is a building contractor, and construction company operating within the Cape Town area. If you are building a new home or upgrading your\n|Melbourne Hotels, Motels, Apartments|\nozihotels.com.au - Sites like ozihotels.com.au\nDirectory of Melbourne hotels, motels and apartments providing discount accommodation in Melbourne. Accommodation ranges from luxury 1, 2 and 3 bedroom serviced apartments to budget Melbourne hotel rooms.\n|Modern Home Architecture | House Design | Interior Decoration|\nhidring.com - Sites like hidring.com\nModern Home Architecture, House Design and Interior Decoration\n|Interior Decorating \u2013 Furniture DEsigns | Ideas | Trends|\ntrendirs.com - Sites like trendirs.com\nInterior Design Ideas. Modern and Luxury Homes. Home decorating photos. Bedroom, Living room, Kitchen, Dining, Bathroom, and more.\n|Mary takes you home | Home and furniture decor|\nmarytakesyouhome.com - Sites like marytakesyouhome.com\nMary takes you home gives you tips on how to transform your house into a home. Find great reviews on Home Interior Design Ideas, Hom", "From 1981-2006, Hill represented his home state of South Australia in the Australian Senate and was the minister for defence (2001-06), minster for the environment and heritage (1998-2001), and minister for the environment (1996-98). Believe of exactly what sort of ladies and guys would see your site, and exactly what sort of products they might be passionate about. Escorts Details Services Escort Reviews Casey 07954 496790 Casey mail offering in call and out call escorting service in Lutterworth, Derby, Nottingham and Leicestershire.\nWe've been hosting WordPress for over a decade and have an amazing support team that knows the platform inside and out. go private FREE CHAT DIRTYSUBNOLIMITS Play with DIRTYSUBNOLIMITS in private and see younger", "u\u2019ll want a wildcard SSL certificate.\n- If your site is an ecommerce or financial site, you\u2019ll want an EV certificate to enable the green address bar.\n- Complete the validation process (commonly completed via email or by uploading a verification file to your website).\n- Install the updated SSL certificate on your website. You can find step-by-step instructions for common website platforms in our SSL knowledgebase.\nSave Up 75% On Comodo SSL Certificates\nTip: You can typically save a significant amount by buying your SSL certificate direct instead of through your web hosting company. We sell all Comodo SSL certificates at up to 75% off.\nCompare SSL Certificates\nTroubleshooting issues with your computer\nIf you\u2019ve determined that the ERR_CERT_DATE_INVALID is caused by an issue on your computer, try these steps to resolve it:\n- First things first, check the Date and Time set on your computer, if these are wrong it probably explains how you got the ERR_CERT_DATE_INVALID error.\n- Sometimes fixing this error is as simple as shutting down your browser and then restarting it. Other times a system reboot may work. However, there are a couple of instances where you\u2019ll need to do a little more work to set things straight.\n- Check your connection, if you\u2019re connected to public WiFi or some other public network there\u2019s a chance that your browser is right and you don\u2019t actually have a secure connection. If that\u2019s the case, stop browsing and resume when you\u2019re on a more secure setup.\n- Scan your computer with a trusted antivirus software, you may have malware of some sort that is causing the issue. Unfortunately we can\u2019t provide you with info on how to fix every last piece of malware, but if your antivirus can\u2019t, someone on the internet probably knows.\n- Disable any third-party plugins you have running on Chrome. Sometimes these can cause unwanted problems.\n- Clear your browser cache on Chrome. Click the menu icon, open History and select \u201cclear browsing data.\u201d\n- Delete and then re-install Chrome. Sometimes this helps.\n- There are a few other crazy fixes like bringing down your firewall or modifying network settings. Don\u2019t do that. If none of these fixes work, the issue could be site-side. But don\u2019t sacrifice your security to connect to one website.\nWe hope this helped you fix the \u201cYour Connection is not private\u201d error", "What was the previous use of the property before it was purchased by the Clackamas SWCD", "How did Lazio's recent loss impact their Scudetto hopes", "Travel and Folding Power Wheelchairs are shipped in their folded position and may have the joystick disconnected for shipping. Some Power Base Chairs are shipped with the seat removed which is easily installed. More complicated rehab-style power wheelchairs may require a representative present for setup and/or training.\nThese compact power chairs disassemble for transport and quickly re-assemble. Some power chairs fold-up for easy traveling. However, be sure to check the specifications regarding the heaviest piece for loading into automobiles. The base of the chair is usually the heaviest piece and can weigh up to 75-lbs. depending on the manufacturer and model.\nGreat performing Power-Base Chairs from Merits, Quickie, Guardian, Invacare, Pride Jazzy and more.\nPower Chairs offer performance, reliability and excellent maneuverability. Smaller footprints an", "Features of Chance Interactive Casino Software\nChance Interactive casinos offer a collection of exciting online slots that are expertly designed by professional animators and artists. All the games built by the software provider are integrated with modern gambling features that allow the players to enjoy maximum returns on their stakes. Games like Rogue Treasure, Lolly Land, and Buster Hammer offer lots of attractive features like unlimited free spins, expanded wilds, and random bonuses. By incorporating such features, the gaming company has made an attempt to gain the trust of their loyal gamers. Besides impressive \u2018return to player\u2019 percentages, the games have a fresh appearance with brightly lit backgrounds and expressive 3D characters. All the slot machines have user-friendly features and can be played on desktop as well as mobile platforms. All the titles have free versions that allow users to play with a demo balance. A flash player is the only requirement for enjoying these slots that can be played directly from a browser.\nHow to Select a Chance Interactive Casino?\nAll the titles offered by the provider are worth a try, whether it be for money or for fun. If you are planning to place some real money bets, you need to find titles that offer maximum returns. To sort the best sites, you can start with a search for \u2018Chance Interactive online casinos\u2019. The provider has partnered with some of the top gambling sites in the industry that enjoy a reputation for being appropriately licensed and certified by concerned authorities. Nonetheless, you need to go through the sites and their features before you register or transfer funds. The titles offered by the provider have a fun mode that can be utilized by all new players before getting into the real-money mode. Established s", "What services are offered by the US-based custom writing service mentioned in the text", "What platforms can users engage with Grumpy Opinions on", "Casey Kasem passed away at the age of 82 on Sunday. The \"American Top 40\" host and radio icon was suffering from Lewy body disease, a type of progressive dementia, and his daughter, Kerri Kassem, removed him from life support earlier in the week.\nKerri Kassem announced the news of her father's passing on Facebook. According to her post, \"Early this Father\u2019s Day morning, our dad Casey Kasem passed away surrounded by family and friends. Even though we know he is in a better place and no longer suffering, we are heartbroken. Thank you for all your love, support and prayers. The world", "hich case all your buckets will be listed as folders. The region where the bucket resides will be detected automatically.\n5. Click Mount.\nIt is possible to make any mounted Amazon S3 bucket and its content private or publicly available via the corresponding context menus. Also, you can quickly and conveniently share a file by copying the HTTP/torrent link.", "n - Defense of the Alamo - Innauguration of Overland Mail Service - Opening of the Chisholm Trail - Many, Many More! The coins are in mint, unopened condition. Some of the envelopes have yellowed slightly around the edges over the years. Also, the volume one binder is warped from storage, and the last page has some discoloration and small pen marks (see photo). A very impressive and unique history of the American West. Good luck bidding on this Franklin Mint Proof Set!\nPayPal, Money Order, Cashiers Check or Cash in person are the forms of payment we accept. If paying by money order please make sure you include the auction number and description on the money order. Follow the directions that you will receive in the invoice. New Jersey State law requires us to collect applicable NJ sales tax on all sales which either: a) ship to a New Jersey address or, b) are picked up in person at an Auction Mojo store located in the State of New Jersey (regardless of the customers state of residence). All items picked up are subject to a $4.00 handling fee. Payment must be received within 5 days of the close of auction. We reserve the right to relist items that are not paid within 5 days.\nDomestic - We ship anyw in the US and use either DHL or USPS. Please use the calculator in the auction to obtain the shipping costs. Insurance is required on most items and can also be found in the shipping calculator located in the top of the auction or the bottom.\nInternational Shipping Orders shipped Worldwide to most countries-Restrictions may apply for certain items. Winning bidder is responsible for shipping, handling, and insurance charges (Insurance is required an...", "What types of expenses and coverage does Healthy Insurance Choices offer", "What was the result of the match between the Chilli Boys and Orlando Pirates", "What software is required to view the DRM protected ebook mentioned in the text", "1. In Sweden, julglogg is a hot punch, popular at Christmas. How is it served?\n2. Approaching Christmas, how are sweets often given out on a daily basis?\n3. The main festival in northern Europe is Christmas. What is it in Greece?\n4. In England, before turkey was Christmas fayre, what bird did not celebrate the festival?\n5. At which Christmas meal, in Argentina, are fruit fizzes served?\n6", "ark, poetic intensity gives these young women historical importance and human presence in an elegant and subtle novel suffused with humour.\nTo view this DRM protected ebook on your desktop or laptop you will need to have Adobe Digital Editions installed. It is a free software. We also strongly recommend that you sign up for an AdobeID at the Adobe website. For more details please see FAQ 1&2. To view this ebook on an iPhone, iPad or Android mobile device you will need the Adobe Digital Editions app, or BlueFire Reader or Txtr app. These are free, too. For more details see this article.\n|Size: ||599 KB|\n|Publisher: ||Wakefield Press Pty Ltd|\n|Date published: || 2013|\n|ISBN: ||9781743052440 (DRM-EPUB)|\n|Read Aloud: ||not allowed", "What factors should be considered when betting on online games according to the text", "will miss Casey Kasem, an incredible talent and humanitarian; we will miss our Dad. With love, Kerri, Mike and Julie.\"\nKasem's health situation made national headlines following a disagreement over a proper course of action between Jean Kasem, his wife, and his three children. A court ruled in favor of the children, and Kerri Kasem was given control over her father's care, reports New York Daily News.\nKasem, whose radio career spanned 40 years, was also the voice of Shaggy in the popular TV-cartoon series \"Scooby Doo.\" Kasem was inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame in 1992", "Tech Flash Vol 6, No. 2 -- Food Engineering's E-Newsletter\nChange in cookie dough process avoids contamination\n\u201cConsistent with our quality standards for Nestl\u00e9 Toll House refrigerated cookie dough, this change will only further enhance the safety of our products,\u201d said Paul Bakus, general manager, Nestl\u00e9 USA Baking Group.\nIn June 2009, Nestl\u00e9\nOn January 11 of this year, Nestl\u00e9 informed the FDA that two samples of the cookie dough manufactured at the\nAccording to a Nestl\u00e9 spokesperson, flour is a likely suspect in the contamination since it is a raw agricultural commodity, and raw ingredients can carry risk. The switch to heat-treated flour was made to improve product safety and minimize this risk.The process of converting to heat-treated flour began on January 13, and production with the new ingredient began January 25. Product made with the heat-treated flour is expected to appear on grocery store shelves in early March. Nestl\u00e9 will continue its new protocol of testing ingredients and finished product.\nNew York City takes the lead in lowering salt levels\nExcessive salt can be a major contributor to hypertension, stroke, heart and kidney disease and other ailments. Starting in 1978, CSPI has been urging FDA to treat salt, or sodium chloride, as a food additive, as opposed to classifying it as an ingredient that is generally recognized as safe (GRAS).\nCSPI filed lawsuits against FDA in 1982 and in 2005 to try to compel it to take action, and later in 2005 filed a regulatory petition that asked the agency to set maximum levels of salt in various food categories. The agency held a public hearing in 2007 but hasn\u2019t taken any action since.\n\u201cReducing sodium levels in packaged and restaurant foods could save thousands of lives a year in\nSeventy percent of the population-a group that includes the elderly, African Americans and people with existing high blood pressure-should consume no more than 1,500 mg of sodium per day, according to the federal government. Others should limit their intake to less than 2,300 mg per day.\nIn 2009, CSPI analyzed the salt content in several popular chain restaurant meals, finding several with sodium levels between 5,000 to 7,000 mg. A high scorer, for example, was Red Lobster\u2019s Admiral\u2019s feast with creamy lobster-topped mashed potato, Caesar salad with dressing, a complimentary Cheddar Bay biscuit and lemonade-topping out at 7,106 mg of salt-enough to satisfy almost five day\u2019s-worth for those on the lower, restricted levels of 1,500 mg per day.CSPI found Chili\u2019s Buffalo Chicken fajitas and Honey-Chipotle ribs with mashed potatoes, gravy and seasonal vegetables provided 6,916 mg and 6,440 mg sodium respectively, while two Olive Garden meals came in at 6,176 mg and 5,735 mg of sodium.\nWhen a cereal bag is something else\nThe brigades will function as collection sites for post-use Malt-O-Meal cereal bags and help prevent a significant amount of packaging waste from going into landfills. Individuals or school groups can sign up to sponsor a brigade, with proceeds to benefit a designated school, school-sponsored club, or school-sponsored special interest group. There is no cost to start a brigade, and all shipping costs are paid. For each Malt-O-Meal cereal bag collected and upcycled through TerraCycle, the designated school will be paid $.02 from TerraCycle.To learn more about TerraCycle or to sign up to sponsor a Malt-O-Meal cereal bag brigade, visit TerraCycle\u2019s Web site.\nDatabases: The perfect complement to PLCs\n\u201cYou might ask how it is they\u2019re even related. For one thing, RDBs can be [like] an extension of PLC memory,\u201d says Hechtman. Live values can be mirrored in RDBs bi-directionally. Historical values and events can be recorded there as well. But operators and managers can interact with them too. \u201cOver the last six years I\u2019ve delved heavily into SQL and learned a lot about relational databases. I\u2019ve discovered that working with SQL is remarkably similar to working with PLCs and ladder logic,\u201d adds Hechtman.\nSQL has four basic commands and about a hundred different modifiers that can be applied to each in various ways to achieve all types of results. Hechtman provides an example: Imagine effluent from a wastewater plant with its flow, pH and other things being monitored and logged. That\u2019s what you typically see. But now associate these with other things: discrete lab results, the name of the persons who did the lab work, the lab equipment IDs and calibration expiration dates, who was on shift at the time and the shift just prior, their certification levels, what chemicals where added and when, who the chemical suppliers were, how long the chemicals sat before use and so forth. All of this becomes relational data, meaning that if it\u2019s arranged properly in tables, users can run SQL queries to obtain all types of interesting results. The queries might provide insight into the most likely conditions that could result in an improper discharge so it can be prevented in the future.\n\u201cSQL is a high level language that isn\u2019t very hard to learn, and you can be very clever with it,\u201d adds Hechtman. He prefers to think of it as a natural extension of his PLC programming skills. SQL can be used to obtain or extract the history of a machine for the period it has been operating, and that history can be stored in a relational database. Furthermore, RDBs and SQL pull people and processes together. Machines don\u2019t run alone. They\u2019re merely part of a containing process, and that process was devised by people. SQL and relational databases form the bridge to integrate processes, machinery and people.\nHechtman doesn\u2019t believe a commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS ) software package can fit an application any more than a COTS palletizer program can fit into different food processors\u2019 applications. Every machine is different and every business process is different. That\u2019s where SQL comes in. It has to duplicate or augment existing process flows, and these are intimately connected to the machinery.To get started, Hechtman suggests picking up a \u201cDummies\u201d type book. Then download and install the open-source MySQL database server along with the MySQL administrator and query browser. It only takes a few minutes to install, and then engineers can begin to experiment. \u201cYou can read about a LEFT JOIN or INNER JOIN, but typing one in and observing the results is worth about 1,000 words,\u201d says Hechtman.\nPlastic cooling pipes keep refrigerant cooler at Lindt\nTo install the secondary refrigeration piping system, several problems had to be", "[ All of what follows is from the article below. Mumford makes the case that:\n\u201cHad the recommendations of NSSM 200 been implemented in 1975, the world would be very different today. The prospects would have improved for every nation and people to be significantly more secure. There would be less civil and regional warfare, less starvation and hunger, a cleaner environment and less disease, greater educational opportunities, expanded civil rights, especially for women, and a political climate more conducive to the expansion of democracy.\u201d\nIn other words, we wouldn\u2019t be 6.5 billion over the carrying capacity of the planet, and 235 million over the carrying capacity of the United States (~100 million). There\u2019d be more ground water, fossil fuels would have lasted decades longer, there\u2019d be less top soil erosion and pollution, less of the (rain)forest would be clearcut \u2014 really \u2014 can you think of a single problem that wouldn\u2019t benefit from fewer people?\nBut hey, Nixon wanted to get reelected, and made a deal with the Catholic Church that he\u2019d back off on population measures in exchange for more Catholic voters. Republicans have extended that deal to right-wing fundamentalists to remain in power.\nAlice Friedemann www.energyskeptic.com author of \u201cWhen Trucks Stop Running: Energy and the Future of Transportation, 2015, Springer]\nMumford, S. D. February 5, 2012. Excerpts from: The Life and Death of NSSM 200: How the Destruction of Political Will Doomed a U.S. Population Policy. Church and State.\n\u201cEditor\u2019s note: Given this November\u2019s U.S. Presidential election and the Catholic Church\u2019s immense stake in the outcome, we are publishing a series of articles by our chairman Dr. Stephen D. Mumford, founder and President of the North Carolina-based Center for Research on Population and Security. The following article draws from selected passages of Dr. Mumford\u2019s seminal book, The Life and Death of NSSM 200: How the Destruction of Political Will Doomed a U.S. Population Policy (1996). It reveals the anti-democratic and anti-American machinations of the Vatican that killed the United States\u2019 National Security Study Memorandum 200 (NSSM 200) report and succeeded in destroying American political will to deal with the overpopulation problem. This article is as relevant and revealing today as it was when it was first published by Focus in 1998.\nThe 1960s saw a surge in American public awareness of the world population problem. The invention of the contraceptive pill in 1960 stimulated broad public debate on birth control and the need for it.\nWhen Pope John XXIII created the Papal Commission on Population and Birth Control in 1963, he gave the world hope that the Church was about to change its position on birth control. After all, why would the Vatican study the issue if the Church was not in a position to change its teaching on birth control?\nIn 1968, Paul Ehrlich published his book, The Population Bomb, the most successful book of its kind, ever. That same year, the journal Science published one of its most controversial articles ever, an essay by Garrett Hardin titled, \u201cThe Tragedy of the Commons,\u201d which sparked much discussion of the overpopulation threat.\nAmong mainstream protestant denominations, the Presbyterians were one of the first to call for a forthright response to the problem. In 1965, the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) urged \u201cthe government of the United States to be ready to assist countries who request help in the development of programs of voluntary planned parenthood as a practical and humane means of controlling fertility and population growth.\u201d\nIn 1971, it recognized that reliance on private, voluntary decisions: \u201cwill not be sufficient to provide the necessary limitation of population growth unless there is a radical and rapid change in the attitudes and desires. The Church must commit itself to effecting this change. The assumption that couples have the freedom to have as many children as they can support should be challenged. We can no longer justify bringing into existence as many children as we desire. Our corporate responsibility to each other prohibits this. Given the population crisis we must recognize and teach, beginning with ourselves, that man has an obligation to limit the size of his family.\u201d\nAnd in 1972, the Presbyterians called on governments \u201cto take such actions as will stabilize population size\u2026. We who are motivated by the urgency of over-population rather than the prospect of decimation would preserve the species by responding in faith: Do not multiply\u2014the earth is filled!\u201d\nThis kind of increasing out cry for action made it safe\u2014almost compelling\u2014for American political leadership to identify with the concept of population growth control and to call for new programs to deal with the problem.\nIt was in this climate of rising concern that President Nixon sent to Congress his \u201cSpecial Message on Problems of Population Growth.\u201d Special messages to the Congress are exceedingly rare and this was the first such message on population. This action punctuated the beginning of the peak of American political will to deal with the mounting population crisis. The message, for the first time, committed the United States to confronting the population problem. Also rare, this special message was approved by the Congress. Its passage was bipartisan, indicating broad political support for American political action to combat this problem. The message was a water shed development, yet few recall it.\nThe most important element of the Special Message was its creation of the Commission on Population Growth and the American Future. During the signing of the bill establishing the Commission, President Nixon commented on the broad political and public support: \u201cI believe this is an historic occasion. It has been made historic not simply by the act of the President in signing this measure, but by the fact that it has had bipartisan support and also such broad support in the Nation.\u201d\nThe 24 member Commission was chaired by John D. Rockefeller 3rd. It ordered more than 100 research projects which collected and analyzed data that would make possible the formulation of a comprehensive U.S. population policy. After 2 years of intense effort, the Commission completed a 186-page report titled, Population and the American Future which offered more than 70 recommendations. The recommendations were a bold but sane response to the challenges we faced in 1973. For example, they called for: passage of a Population Education Act to help school systems establish well-planned population education programs; sex education to be widely available for all, including minors, at government expense if necessary; vastly expanded research in many areas related to population-growth control; and the elimination of all employment of illegal aliens.\nThe recommendations represented the conclusions of some of the nation\u2019s most capable people. The scientists who completed the Commission\u2019s 100 research projects were among the best in their fields. These recommendations are included in this book because it is important for the reader to know what the U.S. response to the population problem could have been and should have been. On May 5, 1972, at a ceremony held for the purpose of formally submitting the Commission\u2019s findings and conclusions, President Nixon publicly renounced the report. This was 6 months before the President faced re-election and he was feeling intense political heat from one particularly powerful, foreign-controlled special interest group\u2014the hierarchy of the Roman Catholic Church. Nothing happened toward implementation of any of the more than three score recommendations that collectively would have created a comprehensive U.S. population policy. Not one recommendation was ever adopted. To this day, the U.S. has no population policy, one of the few major countries with this distinction.\nHad these 70 carefully reasoned recommendations been adopted as U.S", "What are ants?\nAnts invade properties throughout Boca Raton and Southeast Florida, and their small size allows them to quickly sneak into your building through tiny cracks and crevices. Ants are social creatures that live together in large colonies and are rarely seen traveling alone. Despite their range of colors and sizes, these insects are among the most identifiable with their three distinct body regions: head, thorax, and abdomen. They have antennae, chewing mouthparts, and six legs; only the reproductive members have wings.\nSome of the most common species of ants living throughout our area of Southeast Florida include the following:\nBig-headed ants are small and vary in color from red, brown, or yellow. The workers are classified as majors or minors. The minor workers' bodies and heads are proportionate in size, while the major workers' heart-shaped heads are much larger than the rest of their bodies.\nThese large ants are one of the most significant, home-invading species of wood-destroying insects in the United States. Carpenter ants are usually black, red, or a combination of those colors.\nCrazy ants are most often identified by their behavior rather than by their appearance; workers move in an erratic, frenzied pattern \u2013 giving the impression that they are crazy and do not know where they are going. Crazy ants are dark brown to black in color and may also have a gray sheen.\nThese ants have a unique color pattern that makes them difficult to see. Their heads and thoraxes are dark brown and their abdomens are a pale yellow color, giving them a ghostly appearance.\n\"Sugar ant\" is a term used to describe a variety of small ant species that commonly invade homes. These ants are typically black and are highly attracted to sweets and sugary liquids. Sugar ants' small size allows them to gain entrance to your property through any small opening.\nTropical fire ants\nTropical fire ants are a reddish-brown color and come in a variety of sizes, with the major workers having large, square heads. They are typically outdoor pests that create their nests in open, sunny areas.\nThese ants brown or black in color and are very small in size. As their name suggests, their feet are a distinctive pale color.\nAre ants dangerous?\nThe good news is that most ants we come across are nuisance pests. Nuisance ants don't cause any significant harm, but their presence around your home should never be allowed. Ants contaminate food, introduce bacteria, and once established, can be very difficult to eradicate. Ants are potentially hazardous to people and property, depending on their species. Carpenter ants are dangerous because of the destruction they cause when invading and nesting inside structural wood. Tropical fire ants are a danger to people because they are an aggressive species and will defend their colony by delivering painful stings.\nWhy do I have an ant problem?\nAnts are in your home or business because of the sources of food, water, and shelter they offer. They gain access to food and water from gardens, compost piles and trash cans, pet bowls, outdoor eating areas, and leaky outdoor fixtures; all", "What events are featured in the FRANKLIN MINT History of the American West Silver Coin Set", "I do not love the drug taking and dealing in the alleyway next to our house, nor the regular vandalism of anything we try and do in the area. But I do love the reckless abandon with which the young people dance on the roof of our church hall; the informal games of football on our front lawn and meeting six people on the way to the shops.\nI am a recently ordained pioneer minister in the Church of England (this is a fancy title for \u2013 \u2018you have permission to push some boundaries\u2019). I live with my family in an outer estate in Birmingham with many of the pressures we find in our poorer communities.\nAnd I love my church. We meet in a building held together by spit and Blu-Tack. One of the ugliest church buildings I have ever seen on the outside, the inside provokes gasps from visitors because it is, in contrast, beautiful. On closer inspection, you will notice it is filled with knick-knacks that each have a story, including the last vicar\u2019s late mother\u2019s dining room table; a much handed down pot of dry flowers; and two organs, of which only one works. This is a church, which perhaps like a grandmother\u2019s front room, is well past its best but is loved and cherished.\nSix months ago I walked back from an open day at our local primary school in tears; not because the school was terrible but because it was so good. It was not our local school and going to it would mean \u2018commuting\u2019 out of the area. It was a glimpse into the minds and emotions of people who are struggling to come to terms with a call to attend their local church, rather than the really fantas", "Templates are especially helpful if you end up having to create the exact same spreadsheet again and again. Worksheet templates are utilised to store settings you wish to appear on all new sheets of exactly the same type. Though the template is a good example of an income statement for a business which purchases inventory and processes it into a previous item, you can customize it to reflect your organization situation. This template is excellent because not only does this make it possible for you to establish a very simple budget, but additionally, it provides a snapshot of your whole financial picture. Then you may save it like a template. Checking to make certain that the template isn\u2019t corrupt is a decent first step. Developing a worksheet template really can help save you plenty of time.\nJuly Calendar Excel Weekly Calendar Template\nSource : www.weeklycalendartemplate.com\nTo eliminate a template, you should locate the folder that it\u2019s saved in and delete it. From this box you\u2019re going to be in a position to start the file that you would like to convert to template. Whether there are different files, you may want to transfer them to make certain that they are not causing problems with loading the default templates.\nExcel and Open Office versions are offered for download too. Get a complimentary project management Download this spreadsheet for straightforward project management This time management spreadsheet template is intended to help individuals to deal with their activities for an entire month. When it\u2019s a intricate spreadsheet, a variety of the performance could be lost in the import.\nBi Weekly Calendar Calendar Template\nSource : daphnedel.com\nThe very first worksheet will let you create intelligent goals anytime you like. If you are trying to find printable worksheets which don\u2019t require that you have Microsoft Excel, take a look at the printable budget worksheet resources listed at the base of the webpage. This worksheet can help you produce an extremely straightforward budget. You might also find an wide variety of student worksheets for all subject areas and for a wide range of learning center activities. This worksheet makes it simple to make and update your house or family budget. Vertex42\u2019s free Home Budget Worksheet provides a very easy solution for developing a yearly budget.\nWord of mouth admiration, financial or every other type of remunerations will help motivate the employee to achieve his objective. Keeping these guides in mind, and employing this case for a reference, now you might be in a position to compose an appeal letter which suits your precise needs. Fundraising donation letter is absolutely an important bit of letter that could greatly aid a person or an organization that\u2019s seeking financial support. The donation request letter, as mentioned bef", "What does China Discovery promise to provide for travelers who visit China with their services", "What food do the Dutch traditionally eat on New Year's Eve", "How did Zlatan Ibrahimovic contribute to Milan's victory against Lazio", "What was the cause of Casey Kasem's passing", "What are the requirements for presentations and assessments related to the dissertation during the doctoral program", "What kind of courses must graduates with a degree in Medicine or Dental Medicine complete during their PhD program", "What are some common outdoor locations where ants build nests", "ites allow visitors to enjoy the free version of games without even registering as a user. While playing the demo version, you can judge the quality and features of various gaming sites like loyalty points, speed, and frequency of session expiration. Also, go through the terms and conditions pertaining to welcome bonus and withdrawals.\nBenefits of Playing at a Chance Interactive Casino\nWhenever you are betting on online games, you should consider two main factors- one is the quality of the gaming software you are using and the second is the reliability of your gambling site. If you miss out on either of these elements, you might end up in real trouble. This is where you can stand benefited by selecting a Chance Interactive gambling site. The company believes in offering the best gaming experience to its online gaming community. Whenever you play at Chance Interactive online casinos, you would definitely feel the difference. Primarily, the titles are quite engaging and can leave the player wanting for more. Besides captivating graphics, the games offer irresistible prizes like guaranteed wilds on each spin and maximum ways to win.\nChance Interactive is one of the few casino software providers that have succeeded in securing a prominent marketplace. The Australian based company has produced some of the best original slots and is also working on a few upcoming titles. Some of the topChance Interactive online casinos are Ace Lucky, Sparkle Slots, Blue Fox, Red Spins, SlotsMillion, Midaur, and Phone Vegas, Sticky Slots, and Conquer casino. The provider has partnered with over 20 gaming sites that offer high-quality gambling services to its clients. These sites can be accessed and enjoyed through multiple platforms using devices like desktop, Android smartphone, iPad, or iPhone", "What are some considerations to keep in mind when shipping and transporting Travel and Folding Power Wheelchairs", "What reasons does the author give for encouraging people to attend their local church", "What kinds of Halloween-themed recipes are mentioned in the text", ". In the Netherlands, oliebollen are eaten on New Year's Eve. What are they?\n7. The Danish have a tradition of serving soup on Christmas Eve. What type?\n8. What food is offered to visitors in Greek homes at Christmas?\n9. At Christmas time, what fizzy soft drink is popular among the Caribbean islands?\n10. What flavour of Christmas cake is often prepared in Norway?\nPublished by: The Catere", "ife, Miranda, by his side. He cares for three routes that serve parts of CO, NM, TX, OK, and KS. Jed and Miranda delivered their first son, Gunner, in the fall 2012. If Jed isn\u2019t with his wife and son making deliveries he has one of his younger siblings along for the trip to help serve the Azure Standard customers.", "babes whites in action. ??You could discover ways to mount your option of Joomla or WordPress, and after that be demonstrated how to set up as well as configure the essential parts or plugins to transform it into a paid membership website.\n) by Andy98 by Hydeman 1 week ago 24 Feb 15:44 Replies: 2,079 Views: 107,344 39 B915 Professional Gambling Taxation Bill (Pgs: 1 2) by Birchington by RayApparently 1 week ago 23 Feb 20:33 Replies: 39 Views: 1,124 1130 TSR Liberal Party Question Time (Pgs: 1 2 3 4 5 &hellip. Recognized as a laughter expert, Linda is a regular guest on local, regional and national radio and TV programs. But none of that compares to the threat of the vengeful Sleeping Prince whom the Queen just awoke from his enchanted sleep.", "Why might prepared vegetables and fruits be marketed to people with disposable income and little time", "What is the estimated monthly income potential for the website Blueantstudio.blogspot.com from advertisements", "things that are common in most yards. Ants build nests in a variety of indoor and outdoor locations, often nesting in soil located very near or next to homes. Once they are nesting on your property, it is only a matter of before they find their way inside while out foraging for food and, once inside, it is common for ants to build satellite nests near their newly discovered food sources.\nWhere will I find ants?\nAnts nest in a variety of locations, depending on their species. Common outdoor nesting spots include the soil along fence lines, sidewalks, and driveways. They also build nests under mulch, rocks, woodpiles, and landscaping ties. Some ant species, like the tropical fire ant, have their nests in wide-open areas like residential yards, parks, and golf courses. Ants that have decided to nest inside usually do so in hard-to-reach places. Spaces above ceilings, behind large appliances and walls, under floors, and around hot water pipes are all common nesting spots. Carpenter ants create nests inside structural wood and are initially attracted to water-damaged wood.\nHow do I get rid of ants?\nThe best way to eliminate problems with ants in your Southeast Florida home or business is to partner with an experienced professional. At Pest-Aside, we offer the professional residential and commercial services needed to get rid of ants and other common Florida pests at an affordable price. We are 100% committed to our customers and their pest control needs. To learn more about our pest control services, contact Pest-Aside today!\nHow can I prevent ants in the future?\nPreventing problems with ants on your Lake Worth or Southeast Florida property is a difficult task, but here are some steps you can take to help avoid an infestation:\nInspect your house and seal openings in the foundation, exterior walls, and roofline.\nPick up fruits and vegetables in garden areas that have fallen to the ground.\nReduce areas of excess moisture in and around your property.\nKeep outdoor eating areas free of food debris.\nRegularly remove trash from your property.\nStore food inside the refrigerator or in airtight containers.\nKeep tight-fitting or locking lids on outdoor trash cans and compost bins.\nCut tree branches and overgrown vegetation away from the exterior of your property.\nLeave a 12 to 18-inch stone barrier between your foundation and any mulch, soil, or grass.\nRequest Your Free Inspection\nComplete the form below to schedule your no obligation inspection.\nRecent Blog Articles\nJanuary 16, 2020\nCockroaches absolutely love the hot, humid South, and beautiful Pompano Beach is certainly no exception. As cold-blooded insects, cockroaches seek shelter inside homes and businesses that can provide ready food sources and a haven from the elements. That said, cockroaches are natural survivors. ... Read More\nDecember 16, 2019\nDo you plan on traveling or having guests over this holiday season? If so, you could be in danger of a bed bug invasion. Why? Because bed bugs are also planning on traveling this holiday season. The more we move from place to place, the more opportunities bed bugs have to move as well.... Read Mor"]}