{"q_indices": [30, 111, 96, 125, 93, 36, 8, 26, 28, 90, 6, 9, 114, 94, 44, 65, 92, 59, 37, 49, 107, 33, 124, 55, 75, 7, 69, 82, 76, 39, 54, 81, 97, 31, 95, 16, 91, 67, 52, 79, 105, 48, 38, 116, 40, 123, 102, 68, 77, 32, 113, 110, 42, 126, 5, 53, 101, 47, 46, 58, 86, 57, 106, 103], "a_indices": [104, 84, 12, 22, 19, 64, 109, 34, 121, 71, 119, 41, 85, 25, 74, 89, 78, 73, 66, 0, 27, 10, 87, 51, 29, 11, 50, 17, 24, 63, 98, 83, 1, 127, 72, 80, 108, 23, 13, 60, 99, 45, 117, 2, 62, 20, 118, 21, 15, 56, 115, 112, 3, 4, 120, 18, 122, 100, 70, 35, 14, 88, 61, 43], "texts": ["leased Fraser Aird on the right, the winger\u2019s low drive being parried by Douglas who also blocked Bilel Mohsni\u2019s effort from the rebound.\nReferee Stephen Finnie had appeared card-happy during the opening half \u2013 and when he yellow-carded Gary Fusco in 51 minutes for a deliberate body-check on Lee Wallace he astonishingly ignored the same player hauling down MacLeod moments later.\nIt was no surprise when Fusco was substituted immediately afterwards \u2013 and just before the hour Lee McCulloch came close to breaking the deadlock when his thundering 25-yard free-kick was touched over by Douglas. The referee denied Rangers two stonewall penalties in the space of as many minutes.\nThe first came when a cross-ball into the home area found Mohsni unmarked at the far post only to be barged from behind as he prepared to head into the net then shortly afterwards a Jon Daly drive was blatantly handled by Darren Dods.\nDavid Templeton substituted for Dean Shiels on seventy minutes.\nIncessant pressure from Rangers finally paid off four minutes later when Mohsni headed home an Aird corner to open the scoring.\nForfar were far from out of it however \u2013 and Simonsen had to make a superb one-handed save to prevent a Lee Wallace own goal on eighty minutes then with the final whistle fast approaching Hinsen\u2019s twenty-yard free-kick flashed inches wide.\nTempleton sealed the victory however in 88 minutes when he broke free cutting in from the left before rifling home a right-foot shot from the edge of the area", "I am so excited, although, I don't want to get my hopes up too much. I've found a 1999 Jayco M-323 that has 56K miles on it and, from the pics, seems to be in outstanding condition. I'm coming to my friends, here on RV.net, to see what I should be on the lookout for. Other than, roof, leaks, obvious damage, generator, engine, and tires, what else should I look for before making an offer. The lady's husband recently passed away due to an unexpected even and she says she just wants it gone because it makes her sad seeing it every day. So, she is asking about $4K less than low NADA book value. This will be my first RV, and I don't want to get so excited about getting a good deal that I get good and taken and wind up with a money pit that I will regret as my very first RV. I'm going to see it in person on Saturday. Any advice, experiences, or suggestions will be greatly appreciated.\nWelcome to the group. Sounds like you have found an intresting rig. Would take some one along that know some thing about Class C's if you can. Try to spend some time under it looking for oil leaks ect. And check what works and needs work. But reading your post seems you have a grip on the things you need to check.. Good luck.\nWe spent most of our money traveling... Just wasted the rest..\nSnowdance, I have taken your advice and recruited my brother-in-law to go look at it with me. He has a 2013 Thor C Class and has owned several other campers over the years, is something of a perfectionist, and probably as close to an expert on the subject as anyone I would be able to find. In talking to him about it today, he has already suggested checking the water heater, the refrigerator, the inverter, and has the necessary tools and an extra battery to take with us so that we can check the generator and a 5 gallon can of gasoline. The lady had already said that the generator either had a dead battery or there was not enough gas in the tank to get it to crank, she wasn't sure which, but said that it worked the last time they used it. Mike, I don't guess I'm following your train of thought. I'm not sure what I'm trying to prove or disprove, but thanks for the tip. I want this to work out so bad. I'm so happy I could just bounce around like Tigger from Winnie the Pooh!!\nSnowdance, I have taken your advice and recruited my brother-in-law to go look at it with me. He has a 2013 Thor C Class and has owned several other campers over the years, is something of a", "about it, they took the time to include a wireless keyboard and mouse in the package. Sadly, you will end up using wires just to connect to the internet. This is the biggest flaw in the system which actually makes it a turn-off for people who are dependent on WiFi. Built-in WiFi would have troubled the user less as the Ethernet cable is disregarded. It is also possible to connect a WiFi adapter but that is a totally unnecessary expense considering that other $900 desktops already have Wifi built in.\nPerformance-wise, the Asus ET2410-06 is fine. The Intel Core i3 processor is complemented well by the 4GB memory installed. It also comes with a 1TB hard drive that is not cluttered with bloatware. There is also a DVD optical drive which is fine but a Blu-ray drive would have been better. Blu-ray quality video would look great on the 23-inch monitor that is capable of 1080p HD.\nIn conclusion, the Asus ET2410-06 is not that bad if you do not plan on moving it regularly. The lack of WiFi connectivity is clearly a problem for most consumers. Regardless, if you have uninterrupted wired Ethernet at home, this desktop would make for a nice entertainment system.", "Special Design for Cam Buckle CB3812 to Algeria Factories\nSpecial Design for Cam Buckle CB3812 to Algeria Factories Detail:\n1.5\u201d Heavy Duty Cam Buckle\nMinimum breaking load: 1134kgs/2500lbs\nBrand Name: WINNERLIFTING or OEM\nUse:Cargo lashing Cam Buckle\nPacking details: Safety carton with pallet for sea shipping\nDelivery details: 30-35days after you confirm the order\nShipment:By sea, by air or DHL,UPS, Fedex\nFree sample time: in 3days\nDelivery time : 20~35 days after approval the order\nProduct detail pictures:\nWe pursue the management tenet of \"Quality is remarkable, Company is sup", "reme, Name is first\", and will sincerely create and share success with all clientele for Special Design for Cam Buckle CB3812 to Algeria Factories, The product will supply to all over the world, such as: Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Boston , You can allow us to know your idea to develop unique design for your own model to prevent too much similar parts in the market! We will provide our best service to satisfy all your needs! Make sure you contact us right away!\nNote: Videos are provided as a guide only. Refer to manufacturer installation instructions and specs for complete information", "What is the significance of WOS Wrestling's return to ITV and its impact on viewership", "What are the responsibilities of the VP, South Region Sales in this job opening", "What are the primary responsibilities and requirements for a Call Center Manager according to the text segment", "What positions did Skoda and Nissan vehicles achieve in the 2012 Auto Express Driver Power survey", "What qualifications and experiences are required for a successful candidate at the company described in the text", "check ur inbox for detail.\nSent from my iPhone using PW Forums\nDoes anyone know what this yellow light besides eco mode means\nWhich air filter to be used for aqua 2013\n\"21060 \" see the serial no. In the picture....original will cost u around 2000-2200rs .... suggesting to buy genuine airfilter\nSir Bilal kindly pm me ur cell noAnd can u tell me what this light means\nThis sign is a mark of exclamation coming from top at the centre of car\nPlease share the details of the horse power of the Feul Engine as well as the electric motor\nError Code for Car Hybrid System\nCan u tell me what sort of error is this Should I get car IT check\nAny1 of multiple reasons can cause this light\nGet it scanned\nSend Your Name To 0333-7777-945 For Offers Of Quality JDMs With Auction Sheets\nAli get the car scanned and get the hybrid system reseted . 03207789172 my mobil.\nHow much does glass coat cost for aquaIs it worth itAnd where can I get it done in rawalpindi islamabad\nRecent milage 27Km/l on ring road. As the new tyres are run in", "nnel to maintain high customer service standards\n- Monitor and adjust ordering\u066b telephone handling\u066b and other procedures as needed\n- Assess performance with the principal metrics (accuracy\u066b call-waiting time\u066b etc.)\n- Prepare reports for different departments or upper management\nCall Center Manager Requirements\n- Some Proven experience as call center manager or similar position\n- Experience in customer service is required\n- Knowledge of performance evaluation and customer service metrics\n- Solid understanding of reporting and budgeting procedures\n- Experience in basic financial analysis (cost-effectiveness\u066b cost-benefit\u066b etc.)\n- Proficient in MS Office and call center equipment/software programs\n- Outstanding communication and interpersonal skills\n- Excellent organizational and leadership skills with a problem-solving ability\n- Positive and patient\n- High school diploma or equivalent; Higher degree in a relevant discipline will be appreciated\n- Certified Call Center Manager (e.g. CCCM) or equivalent qualification is a plus\nFrequently Asked Questions\nHire a Call Center Manager\nPost this Call Center Manager job ad to 50+ free job boards with one click", "From: NASA Education Office\nPosted: Friday, June 15, 2012\nSpace science is inherently interesting to students, less threatening to teachers than some other sciences and interdisciplinary in nature. These features make it the ideal vehicle for teaching basic scientific concepts to children in a concrete and captivating manner.\nIn August 2012, NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, or JPL, in Pasadena, Calif., will host a one-week educator workshop for teachers of grades 3 through 9. Attendees will learn about NASA education materials, including hands-on activities bas", "|Deputy chairman of the HCM City People's Committee Tat Thanh Cang (Right) meets with Saitama Vice Governor Iwasaki Yasuo in HCM City yesterday. \u2014 Photo kt\u0111t\nHCM CITY (VNS) \u2014 Leaders of Ho Chi Minh City and Japan's Saitama Prefecture had a meeting in Ho Chi Minh City yesterday to seek opportunities to boost partnerships and economic connections.\nTat Thanh Cang, deputy chairman of the HCM City People's Committee, briefed the guest on the current general socio-economic situation in the city as well as the city's strengths and future development orientations.\nHe noted that the city was strong in industry and trade with agriculture accounting for only 1 percent of the economy. However, the city was striving to develop hi-tech agriculture with high added value, he said.\nMany Japanese firms had shown interest in the sector, he added, suggesting that those from Saitama should explore investment opportunities in the field.\nCang held that economic collaboration potential between the two localities was abundant, especially in mechanical engineer", "Michael J Tinker\nHome of folk and Children's songwriter Michael J Tinker.\nWant to play and sing \u2018Jesus is the Hero\u2019? Then this is for you.\nDownload the lead sheet for \u2018Jes", "The Eighth Circuit Federal Court of Appeals just recently handed down a hugely important decision that has received far less attention than it deserves. The case concerned a series of Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests through which radical environmental activists were seeking to obtain personal information about ranchers and farmers\u2014including GPS coordinates to their home address, email addresses, personal phone numbers, and other sensitive information from which one might infer the state of their personal finances. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) initially began to release the requested information in batches, but was then hit with a lawsuit seeking to block further disclosures and to compel EPA to order the activists to return information that had been illegally released.\nWe filed last spring, arguing that the federal Privacy Act prohibits the disclosure of sensitive information\nabout small business owners. Remarkably EPA and her allies argued small business owners utterly lack standing to challenge disclosure of sensitive records, which federal officers may compile on businesses. Our brief specifically took issue with that rationale\n\u2014emphatically making the case that small business owners retain personal privacy protections, notwithstanding their choice to engage in economic activit", "What types of games can be found at Casino Classic Canada", ", or invest in really dumb things. Money Matters for Teens, along with the companion Money Matters for Teens workbook, will help you learn to use the power of money for good things.\nAmong the aspects of money this book looks at are:\nlearning smart money attitudes\nshort-term and long-term planning for success\nfiguring out God's plan for your future and your career\nunderstanding credit and debit cards: dumb and smart uses\nunderstanding banking accounts and types of savings\nDid you find this review helpful", "ction from some of the UK\u2019s top wrestling talent who will compete in a fun-filled, exciting show for all the family to enjoy.\nThe tour will visit intimate venues across the UK that are steeped in wrestling history.\nKicking off in Southampton at O2 Guildhall on Friday 18th January it will then head to Newport, Bournemouth, Stoke, Blackpool, Aberdeen, Scarborough, Northampton and commence at London\u2019s York Hall on 3rd February.\nMore stars will be announced in the coming weeks!\nTickets are now on sale!\nFamily ticket offer:\n2 children under the age of 14 for the price of 1 when purchasing one adult ticket\n2 children under the age of 14 for the price of 1 when purchasing two adult tickets\nPlease select standard price tickets for adults and 2 \u201cchildren 14 and under 2 for the price of 1\u201d tickets for the 2 child tickets, please note that you must purchase 2 child tickets, single child tickets are not available.\nDoors Open Time: 7pm\nStart Time: 7.30pm", "Walk into Patty & Frank\u2019s Gourmet Burgers & Hot Dogs restaurant on the Danforth in Toronto and you\u2019ve got a fast way to pay for your fast food.\nPull out your smartphone, display a QR code generated by the SmoothPay app installed on your smartphone and you\u2019re done. You\u2019ll even get a $2 discount off your first purchase and a $5 credit for each $50 you spend if you become a regular. Owner operator Bill Andreopoulos says he noticed larger chain restaurants offering mobile payments and thought it would be an opportunity. Then he was approached by Smooth Payment Inc. with its solution.\n\u201cIt was something we couldn\u2019t say no to,\u201d he says. \u201cIt\u2019s actually enticing in the sense there\u2019s people that want to use it and look for restaurants that offer it.\u201d\nSmoothPay\u2019s app has a \u201cplaces\u201d feature that locates nearby merchants that accept it for transactions. Also seen are the discount offers available at that location, and how much credit has been put towards your next reward.\n\u201cThe beautiful thing about SmoothPay is that all the merchants are doing loyalty rewards through it,\u201d says Brian Deck, CEO and co-founder of SmoothPay. \u201cNo one is going to want to have 20 or 30 apps for each merchant in their smartphone so we see an opportunity to help the consumer consolidate their loyalty programs.\u201d\nDeck and the rest of the mobile wallet industry are eager to solve the problem of fat wallet syndrome. Consumers \u2013 and especially Canadians who are fond of loyalty programs and on average carry seven loyalty cards with them \u2013 are jamming plastic cards into their wallets for payments and various loyalty programs. A digital app like SmoothPay could seamlessly integrate all that into a smartphone.\nMerchants that use SmoothPay must install a scanner to their POS terminal. SmoothPay helps with integration and merchants pay a monthly fee to use the scanner plus a commission on sales made through the app.\n\u201cIt\u2019s a win-win for the customer,\u201d Andreopoulos says. \u201cThe more they spend, the more they save. It gives them a reason to keep coming back.\u201d\nSmoothPay signs up customers that download", "rongly committed to literature and society. It is only a few steps away from LAWRENCE, but displays a constantly changing, up-to-date selection of titles related to our subject area. Here you can not only have a look at new publications, you can also buy them", "ry 5. Mr Surachet said the friend introduced himself to Mr Thaksin as hiscompatriotand Mr Thaksin talked to him in a friendly manner. Mr Thaksin said he was on a trip tomake merit.\nAfter getting the pictures from his friend, he held on to them for several days before deciding to post them on social media, believing they would not offend the Thai military government.\nMr Surachet said Mr Thaksin told his friend he could talk about anything butpolitics, including about the government and his younger sister andformerprime minister, Ms Yingluck.\nMr Thaksin told his friend he couldinvestin Myanmar, saying that the country is now wide open toinvestors, Mr Surachet said.", "ed on current projects in astronomy and space science at JPL, with a special focus on NASA's current Dawn Mission to the asteroid Vesta. Participants will take a field trip to JPL's Table Mountain Observatory, tour JPL's facilities and to talk to real scientists about their work.\nRegistration for this workshop closes on June 15, 2012.\nFor more information and to download the workshop application, visit http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/education/index.cfm?page=273.\nPlease direct questions about this workshop to Dr. Bonnie Buratti at Bonnie.J.Buratti@jpl.nasa.gov.\n// end /", "d numbers underneath the stripper. Also there are pictures of a Gulfstream we stripped. The Gulfstream\u2019s paint started coming off in about 3 hours.\nThis stripper works faster in temps around 80 F. or hotter but it will work down to 50 F. \u2013 it will just take longer to work. You also want the humidity to be high in the area you are stripping. We start a few hours prior to stripping with spraying water on the floor beneath the area we will be stripping and at the same time getting the heat up. The water on the floor helps keep the stripper moist and by not drying out you can use less material. If the humidity is dryer in the stripping area you will have to apply more material to keep the stripper as a whole from drying out. Also remember the colder the work area is the longer the stripper will take to work. It really likes to be hot!\nDepending on the amount of paint and/or coats of paint, will determine how much stripper you will need. I will say you would use about a pint per square yard in consumption.\nIf you have multiple paint layers on your plane you will need to possibly strip twice. One of our customers repainted a Cessna 140 and found about 7 paint jobs on it, so you never know. He ended up using 20 gallons of stripper to finish. At our shop, if a plane has 7 mil or less paint on it we can strip in one applications. We have stripped paint in two applications when the paint measures over 12 mil or more in thickness.\nAlso the best application for applying the stripper is with a sprayer. We use a GrayCo 5:1 pump with spray wand here at Capital. A lot of my customers have used the Wagner Airless Sprayer, we recommend the Wagner Flexio 2000. The 2000 has a variable speed air switch. You will need to run it on high to spray the stripper with. If you use a paint brush DO NOT apply the stripper with a sweeping motion like painting but rather use a motion like stabbing a knife or poking a stick into the ground.\nMake sure to protect items like Lexan, Plexiglass and Magnesium parts by covering with plastic tarping.\nWe use the following to tape up the aircraft for stripping,\n- Aluminum Tape \u2013 MIL-T-23397B type II\nAnd don\u2019t forget to Etch and Alodine the aluminum after stripping and before painting. It is the ONLY thing to use for corrosion prevention. We use an Acid Cleaner #12 ( Etch ) and the Alodine is PCC-6 both made by Crest Industrial Chemicals.\nWe have a GREAT aerospace distributor, Advanced Aircraft Coatings, here in town, owner is Mike Buckley. He can ship nationwide paints, etch/alodine, tape, etc. Call him at 405-495-7545. Tell him I told you to call. He is very helpful!\nMike says he has 5 gallons of Etch for $96.00 and 1 gallon of Alodine that mixes with 1 gallon of water for around $50.00. Shipping is extra.\nFor GrayCo pumps call Reed Brooks 405-640-2114 cell. He has an offer for a 2:1 pump with 50 feet of hose, wand and nozzle tips for $1,500.00\nFor a Wagner or similar brand airless sprayer, you can go online or find them in any major hardware store for around $120.00 to $130.00 range.", "The Senior Learning Program (SLP) is for students in years 10-12 and is held after assembly on Mondays. SLP covers a range of year level specific information \u2013 for year 10\u2019s the focus is on their senior phase of study comprising of goal setting, resilience, bullying, subject information, study skills, the job market, interviews, resume writing and applications culminating in attending the Career Expo and Structured work placement and their Education and Training Plan.\nYear 11 students focus on their current course of study and how to be successful in senior. Emphasis is on attendance, bullying, job applications and writing to selection criteria and QCE att", "or breaker box with these cables.\nThis is for a SINGLE cable. Cut it in half for inverters with cable receptacles, not studs.\nBC10-4/0 SINGLE; 4/0 Gauge Copper.\nTen foot length.\nLugs on both ends.\nFor 12V Inverters over 1500 watts; or\n24V Inverters over 3000 watt; or\n48V Inverters over 4000 watts.", "What sentiment do Skoda owners express about their experience and their vehicles", "Guys any idea from where I can get spacers installed in my aqua rawalpindi or isb\nSent from my SM-N920C using PW Forums mobile app\nBrother do u know from where I can get spacers installed in my aqua rawalpindi or isb\nIt's not that difficult. Any good mechanic will be able to install it in half an hour. I've got one pair installed in my Aqua today. But I cannot guide u about any mechanic in Islamabad as I'm from Lahore.\nWhich tyre size ur car has and what size spacers did u installHow many people u get on board max\nGuys I've a normall steering in Lpackage and I need to install multimedia steeringI live in pindi isb. Any idea if someone installed in this areaFurthermore if no one from pindi isb anyone can give a good idea in this regard\nNeed advice on tyres\nPeople sat these tyres are for cold places and shouldn't be used on motorways and I live in hot place like Jacobabad\nIf your daily drive is above 30 kms then i would recomend you to change tyres . These tyres dont suit hot climate.\nIts available in lahore,", "What year was Collegian Movers & Storage established and how is it perceived by its customers", "About the Call Center Manager Position\nWe're looking for an experienced Call Center Manager to supervise daily operations and personnel aiming for maximum efficiency and cost-effectiveness. You will also ensure that we're using our available technology to the fullest extent\u066b and that staff is well-organized and productive.\nAn excellent call center manager must be an organized\u066b responsible and results-driven specialist. They must have a rational mind to solve problems on the spot partnered with an ability to see the \u201cbig picture\u201d and make improvements. As a call center manager\u066b you must also have superior customer service and communication skills.\nThe goal is to do everything possible to accomplish goals and achieve great results for our company.\nCall Center Manager Responsibilities\n- Develop objectives for the call center\u2019s day-to-day activities\n- Direct efficient resource planning to maximize the productivity of resources (people\u066b technology\u066b etc.)\n- Collect and analyze call center statistics (sales rates\u066b costs\u066b customer service metrics\u066b etc.)\n- Assume responsibility for budgeting and tracking expenses\n- Hire\u066b mentor and provide training to perso", "How can you unlock the Infinite Boost in Sonic Frontiers", "What problems did the speaker encounter when inspecting the 1999 Jayco Eagle M-323 RV", "What was the significance of the Eighth Circuit's decision for farmers and ranchers concerning their privacy rights", "What is the significance of the yellow light that appears besides eco mode in the car", "gests its phrase \"Manufacturer of Happy Drivers\" is more like a job description than a slogan. We once interviewed a group of Skoda owners and a more smug, sorry, happy bunch you could not meet. They felt they had discovered a secret (how to buy a VW on the cheap) and they thought they were way cleverer than drivers of other cars.\nThey liked the cars and they liked the dealers, especially the long-time ones that had grown up on Communist-era Skodas and had learned that great customer relations was the only way of keeping customers in the bad old days. They have kept their customer relations skills, but have infinitely less remedial work to do nowadays", "Sprint, Best Buy, Radio Shack, Walmart, Target, Amazon.com, Costco, Car Toys, Sam\u2019s Club, HSN.com, and HTC.com. The 32Gb model starts at $199 on a two-year contract \u2026\n- RadioShack to offer Sprint HTC One for $199.99+$50 Google Play gift card, T-Mobile offering free car kit on $99 down(9to5google.com)\n- HTC officially unveils the Facebook Home-powered \u2018HTC First\u2019 smartphone, available Apr 12 for $99(9to5google.com", "What security features does the SmoothPay app offer during transactions", "Who made their debut in goal for Rangers in the match against Forfar Athletic", "What is a missing feature of the Asus ET2410-06 that is considered detrimental to its overall package", "What are some of the topics covered in year 12 to prepare students for life outside of high school", "What type of products does the Arabic Shop - Dukan al Sharq offer", "nus, a company car, paid expenses, in addition to top-notch benefits. We provide employees the opportunity for personal and professional growth and advancement at a company that is a recognizable leader in all industries it represents.\nWhat you'll need to be successful:\n- BS/BA required\n- 8 years\u2019 experience in successful sales management with print and digital\n- Success with achieving sales goals in excess of $250M\n- 8 years\u2019 experience developing business plans, performing market analysis and building/managing budgets\n- Demonstrated strong customer service orientation\n- Demonstrated ability to drive innovation in teams\n- Executive level communication skills including ability to listen, oral, written and overall presentation skills\n- Strong organizational, planning, and prioritization skills\n- Exceptional analytical, problem-solving and negotiation skills\n- Proven ability in leading staff development and working successfully with cross functional teams\n- Demonstrated ability to form solid relationships at all levels\n- Ability to make complex decisions involving judgments related to company mission, product effectiveness, market opportunities and competitive dynamics\n- Ability to conceptualize, communicate and monitor integration of multiple sales teams through strong transitional plans and communication of new business processes and procedures to minimize post integration distractions\n- Ability to travel 40-60% of the time within the SE territory\nA successful candidate may have:\n- Advance degree. MBA Preferred.\n- Classroom teaching experience/leadership experience in school system.\nWhy work for McGraw-Hill Education? We make your life easier and better, and you, smarter. Click here to learn more!\nNorth America-United States-North Carolina-North Carolina, Home, North America-United States-Georgia-Georgia, Home, North America-United States-Tennessee-Tennessee, Home", "What are the packing and delivery details for the Special Design Cam Buckle CB3812 to Algeria factories", "I make it known to the internet, AJ Styles is, was, and will always be the Shawn Michaels of TNA. There is no one more synonymous with TNA than AJ Styles, because like Shawn Michaels, it is close to impossible to have a bad match against him. Once again, for a match that goes less than 10 minutes, both guys pull out all the stops. Styles is marvelous to watch as is Williams. I just wish Scott D'Amore hadn't interfered and the match was longer. Still the match of the night, regardless of my complaints. Rating: 4/5\nEighth Match: America's Most Wanted vs Triple X, Elimination Last Team Standing match. Man, TNA sure does have a way with match stipulations don't they? Regardless of the stipulation, the first 3/4 of this match are really good. Both teams do a great job of selling that they are bitter, bitter enemies. The match does kind of fall apart towards the end. See, Elix Skipper gets his brain rattled from hitting the back of his head against the security railing, leaving Chris Harris to pick up the slack. The only problem with this is that Skipper is so rattled he forgets he's not supposed to kick out of Harris' finisher. This leads to a pretty anticlimactic and confusing ending. However, the after match beat down is great in that it shows that the two teams aren't done with their feud just yet. Rating: 3.5/5\nNinth Match: Jeff Hardy vs Jeff Jarrett, Ladder match for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship. This is not Hardy's best ladder match. Jarrett's inexperience with these types of matches does show, and the spots towards the end suffer because of it. It's not a bad ladder match, but for the amount of hype it got, you'd expect them to do more with it. But Hardy doesn't win, so I'd say that's a positive. I've got nothing against Hardy as a person, I just don't care for him in the main event picture. Rating: 3.5/5\nFinal Rating: 7 out of 10. What this PPV showed more than anything is that TNA had some serious potential. They really did go all out with this show, even if some parts were less successful than others. They must have done something right though, because otherwise they wouldn't have made it past this point. It was also great of legends like Roddy Piper (R.I.P.), Jimmy Snuka, Dusty Rhodes (R.I.P.), Randy Savage (R.I.P.), Kevin Nash, and Scott Hall to lend this show a little extra star power. Every company's got to start somewhere, and this PPV showed that TNA had something special to give the world of wrestling.\n0 of 0 people found this review helpful.\nWas this review helpful to you", "What challenges did the author face while participating in the Printer\u2019s Row event in 2015", "S 5th St\nEasley, SC 29640\nThe licensing status of Geer Memorial Baptist Church is unknown.\nDid your child attend this daycare? Write a review to help other parents learn about this program", "What were the reasons for the delayed launch of the HTC One", "What initiatives is Resideo undertaking to position itself as a premium brand in the smart home industry", "What is the licensing status of Geer Memorial Baptist Church daycare", "Who scored the opening goal for Rangers and how did it happen", "If you don't have plans for how to spend your money, plenty of others are willing to spend it for you. Advertisers. Friends. Credit card companies. Relatives. Fast food restaurants. Clothing stores.\nIf you don't want others to keep spending all of your money for you, it's time you read this book.\nMoney is powerful. With it people can pay living expenses, pay for fun things, save for what they need or want to buy later, or buy stuff for other people. Money can also be used to divide families, cheat people", "to carry around for extended periods of time. A belt without that stiffener sags and doesn\u2019t distribute the pistol's weight around the body, and weight that\u2019s distributed is easier to manage; Holding a five-pound weight with both hands is an easy task, but things change once those five pounds have to be held up by just a single finger.\nThere is a version of the quintessential 9 mm vs. .45 ACP debate in the gun-belt world: leather gun belts versus nylon belts. I own both and use both on a regular basis, and there are advantages to each. Leather gun belts, like the Galco SB-2 sport belt, look terrific and because they look like any other leather belt out there, they are a good choice for people who conceal a firearm with an open-front shirt or suit jacket. Nylon belts, such as the Wilderness Tactical Instructors Belt, are typically more adjustable than leather and don\u2019t show wear as much as leather does. However, they appear more \u201ctactical\u201d to the casual observer, making them good a option for using with an untucked shirt or as a range/training belt. An interesting hybrid of the two that I\u2019ve started using recently is the Blade-Tech Ultimate Carry Belt, which is available in nylon and leather and has a ratchet system to make it adjustable to almost any size waist or carry position.\nA gun belt is an essential part of a daily carry kit and is just as important as the holster for a pistol. If you\u2019re unsatisfied with your current concealed-carry holster and aren\u2019t using a gun belt, you probably won\u2019t find a holster that works for you until you get a dedicated gun belt. Without the foundation support that a gun belt provides, you\u2019re not getting an accurate impression of what your holster is capable of doing. Buy a gun belt, and then make your decisions about your carry gear items with confidence, knowing you have a solid foundation for all of them", "What was the purpose of the meeting between Ho Chi Minh City leaders and Saitama Prefecture officials", "What dates and locations will the UK wrestling talent tour visit", "What styles of home d\u00e9cor can the mirror complement", "What are the benefits of using a dedicated gun belt compared to a regular belt", "y. And the good news is that the Eighth Circuit agreed with us\u2014holding that affected farmers and ranchers can assert a privacy interest, so as to prohibit disclosure of sensitive information. Also the mere fact that contested information might otherwise be obtained through an exhaustive search of state and local records does not mean that business owners are without right to object to federal compilation and release of those materials.\nIn this case, we were specifically worried that the information would be used by activists to harass and intimidate small business ranchers and farmers. But on a more fundamental level, we thought it important to clarify that small business owners\u2014in all industries\u2014have a right under federal law to object to federal agencies releasing information that may invade their own personal privacy interests. In a statement on the heels of the decision\n, Karen Harned, Executive Director of the NFIB Small Business Legal Center, said: \u201cThe idea that EPA has the authority to release the private home addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses of farmers and ranchers is preposterous. The EPA violated the privacy and trust of American farmers and their families. Today, the Court rightly upheld federal privacy laws and protected farmers and ranchers from potentially dangerous exposures.", "What condition must be met for customers to leave a review for the product", "What is the launch date and price of the HTC First smartphone", "What are the scoring mechanisms used at the end of the game in Tokaido for different contributions and actions", "ing, electronics, information technology, chemicals, food processing, garments and textiles and footwear.\nHe also proposed that apart from economic cooperation, Saitama businesses should seek high-quality human resources training, which helps provide sufficient labour sources for their projects in the city.\nSaitama Vice Governor Iwasaki Yasuo said the Saitama delegation's visit aimed to set up a friendly partnership between the two localities, especially in economics.\nHe noted that about 80 enterprises from Saitama were currently investing in Viet Nam , mostly in mechanical engineering, automobile part manufacturing, construction and architecture.\nSaitama businesses strengths included automobile part making, support industry, mechanical engineering and hi-tech agriculture, Iwasaki said, expressing his hope that close ties with Ho Chi Minh City would be set up shortly.\nDuring the meeting, the two sides agreed to create favourable conditions for enterprises of both localities to strengthen connections and affiliation in the future. \u2014 VNS", "First Match: 20-man X-Division Gauntlet match for the X Division Cup. There are a lot of younger guys in this, but it's a great showcase for TNA's X Division. I may not know half the guys in the match, but I enjoyed it nonetheless. A really good start to the show. Rating: 3.5/5\nSecond Match: Ron \"The Truth\" Killings, Erik Watts, Johnny B. Badd and Pat Kenney vs Kid Kash, Dallas and The Naturals. I like Kid Kash, The Naturals, and Killings, but I have no idea who anyone else is in this match, except for Dallas who also goes by Lance Hoyt. I'm starting to realize that a lot of these matches have absolutely no context or build up to them. Granted this is the first PPV from TNA and the only way to see any of this before hand was to buy their weekly PPVs which were just house shows. But whatever, the match is entertaining for what it is, even if it's less than 5 minutes. Rating: 3/5\nThird Match: Mascarita Sagrada vs Piratita Morgan. This match is a head-scratcher for sure. I've never been into \"midget wrestling\" so I don't know these two guys, and the match is over in 3 minutes. I guess it's OK if you need to go to the bathroom, because you won't be missing much. The match isn't bad, I've seen a lot worse, it just came out of nowhere with nothing interesting to keep me entertained. At least it's short, no pun intended. Rating: 2/5\nFourth Match: 3Live Kru vs Team Canada, NWA World Tag Team Championships. I like BG James' (AKA Road Dogg's) entrance speech every time, it just doesn't get old. Like the match before it, this is also short, but the ending is a feel good moment for sure. I guess because this is the first TNA PPV they felt like they needed a feel good title change, which certainly helps to keep the crowd in a good mood. Rating: 3/5\nFifth Match: Trinity vs Jacqueline. Not sure why this match exists either, but at least Jacqueline is incredibly gorgeous to look at. Yes, I will admit right here that I do have a soft spot for Jackie. The match is less than 2 minutes, so if you want some eye-candy to look at for that amount of time, you could do a lot worse. Rating: 2.5/5\nSixth Match: Abyss vs Raven vs Monty Brown, Monster's Ball match. Even though this match is only 9 minutes, they do a lot with it. There are tables, chairs, garbage cans, a sick thumbtack spot, and a lot of carnage. I've seen better Monster's Ball matches, but this is pretty good for it being the very first. Rating: 4/5\nSeventh Match: AJ Styles vs Petey Williams, TNA X Division Championship. I have said this for years, and now", "The Arabic Shop - Dukan al Sharq\nAt LAWRENCE berlin mitte, we present cool design products from the Arab world, but also things and products produced by newcomers in Berlin.\nThe Tucholsky Bookstore\nAn institution in Berlin Mitte, the Tucholsky bookstore is st", "ainment with work from the student planner creating a foundation for the course. We also have guest speakers from a variety of organisations such as Qld Health, RACQ and Electoral Commission.\nIn year 12 the emphasis is on a variety of areas preparing students for life outside of high school. They cover HLTAID003 Apply First Aid, CPR, job applications, QTAC and applying for university/TAFE. This is a critical time for yr 12 students and they are asked to consider their course of study and points towards their QCE. Again, we have guest speakers from Qld Health, DARE Formal domestic violence, Red Frogs, One punch can kill and registered training organisations", "the app and captures their credit card information (multiple cards can be stored in the app). When a user is ready to pay, a QR code is randomly generated. Because it\u2019s one-time use, the QR codes can\u2019t be copied to access a user\u2019s credit card, Deck says. Plus the QR code can even be modified to add a tip or apply a discount.\nThe QR codes also provide security because a user\u2019s credit card information is never transmitted during a transaction. The QR code is used as a token to identify the payee, and makes a request to the server to complete the transaction.\n\u2014 SmoothPay (@SmoothPayApp) July 9, 2014\nOther mobile wallet solutions are tapping into smartphones with near field communications (NFC) support. The model is viewed positively in Canada where the tap-to-pay POS terminals that support formats like Mastercard PayPass and Visa\u2019s payWave are widely deployed.\n\u201cWe\u2019ve stayed away from the NFC-based system to date and there\u2019s one main reason for that, and that reason is Apple,\u201d Deck says, referring to Apple\u2019s refusal to include a NFC chip in any iPhone models released so far. \u201cA large percentage of our sweet spot demographic is on the iPhone.\u201d\nThat demographic is students, Deck says. With SmoothPay\u2019s merchant customers being based in the downtown Toronto core so far, it is seeing good adoption from students attending the University of Toronto and OCAD University. But as the merchant base expands and SmoothPay lands bigger customers with locations across the country, that could change soon.\nLaunched in January, SmoothPay is live at 30 locations in Toronto right now. But Deck expects that to rise to 200 by this Fall. One of his customers has 80 locations nationwide and will be using a white-labelled version of SmoothPay\u2019s app.\n\u201cTheir brand is strong enough and they have the resources to build the white label app,\u201d Deck says. White label merchant customers of SmoothPay will also be able to accept payments from users of the original app.\n\u201cMobile payments will be the future of in-store payments without a doubt,\u201d Deck says.\nToday hot dogs, tomorrow the world.", "What factors contributed to disappointing sales at the book signing event described in the text", "Rangers put their off-field problems behind them to chalk up another League One victory with a 2-0 win over Forfar Athletic at Station Park last night \u2013 although once again it was an almighty struggle at the tiny Angus ground.\nSteve Simonsen made his debut in goal for the visitors, replacing Cammy Bell whose wife gave birth to a baby girl earlier in the day.\nAlly McCoist made two other changes from the East Fife game with Richard Foster and Lewis MacLeod coming in for the suspended Ian Black and Andy Little, who was on the bench.\nIt was the home side who threatened first in four minutes when Martyn Fotheringham\u2019s deep cross found Stuart Malcolm whose header came back off the top of the crossbar.\nFour minutes later Nicky Law tested Rab Douglas with a twenty-yard volley that the experienced goalkeeper turned over.\nAs on previous visits to Forfar, the Ibrox men were finding difficulty in adapting to the artificial pitch.\nLacking imagination and creativity, the visitors were devoid of ideas and seldom threatened the home goal.\nFotheringham was outstanding for the home side in the middle of the park- one thirty yard deflected drive in 34 minutes being held by Simonsen.\nWith the interval fast approaching Gavin Swankie (Forfar\u2019s two-goal hero in August) almost came back to haunt Rangers when his volley was blocked by Simonsen after Dale Hilson\u2019s cross was half-cleared by Lee McCulloch.\nSeconds before the break Rangers at last threatened when a superb cross-field pass from Dean Shiels re", "What is the recommended method for applying paint stripper according to the text", "What did Mr Thaksin tell his friend about discussing politics and the possibility of investing in Myanmar", "What can money be used for according to the text segment", "The delayed HTC One, HTC\u2019s flagship phone originally due to have been launched a month ago, has finally launched. It\u2019s intended to compete with the Samsung Galaxy S4, and HTC had hoped to beat Samsung to market before a shortage of camera components forced a delay.\nThe all-metal unibody handset with Snapdragon 1.7Ghz processor, LTE, NFC, 1080\u00d71920 display and full 1080p HD video recording is available from AT&T,", "l, Quinnipiac Meadows, West River, West Rock, Wooster Square, Yale Main & Medical Campus.\nWe're the only Norwalk movers you need for customizable and cost-effective service. We know Norwalk neighborhoods including: Central Norwalk, Cranbury, East Norwalk, The Green, Rowayton, Silvermine, South Norwalk, Spring Hill, West Norwalk, Wilson Point, and Winnipauk\nCollegian Movers is the Shelton moving and storage company that you need for your residential or commercial relocation to Shelton neighborhoods including Birchbank, Booth Hill, Coram, Downtown, Huntington, Long Hill, Pine Rock Park, Sunnyside, The Maples, Trap Falls, Walnut Tree Hill, White Hills.\nOur Stamford moving company provides top-quality services to Stamford neighborhoods like these, on a daily basis; Belltown, Downtown, The Cove, Glenbrook, Newfield, North Stamford, Long Ridge, East Side, Shippan, Harbor Point, Shippan Point, Bulls Head, Springdale, Woodside, South End, Turn of River, West Side, Richmond Hill, Roxbury, and Westover\nMoving to Trumbull and looking for a Trumbull moving company? Collegian Movers knows that its Trumbull residents want to hire affordable movers without sacrificing service. We relocate families and businesses to these Trumbull neighborhoods on a regular basis, Chestnut Hill, Daniels Farm, Long Hill, Nichols, Tashua, and Trumbull Center.\nAre you searching for a moving company in the Brass City to provide you with a stress-free, full-service relocation? Our Waterbury moving company provides top-quality, hassle-free services to Brooklyn, Bunker Hill, Downtown Waterbury Historic District, East End, Hillside Historic District, North End, South End, and Town Plot Hill.\nLooking for Westport moving service? Call Collegian Movers Moving & Storage. We can help you transition to any area of Westport, including Greens Farms, Saugatuck, Downtown Westport, Cockenoe Island, Hunt Club, Old Hill, Coleytown, Cro-No, Compa, Sew Trol, Saugatuck Shores, Saugatuck Island, Roseville, Long Lots, or Red Coat.\nCall today for Litchfield County moving assistance to any of these towns Barkhamsted, Bethlehem, Bridgewater, Canaan, Colebrook, Cornwall, Goshen, Harwinton, Kent, Litchfield, Bantam, Morris, New Hartford, New Milford, Norfolk, North Canaan, Northfield, Plymouth, Roxbury, Salisbury, Lakeville, Lime Rock, Sharon, Thomaston, Warren, Washington, Watertown, Winchester, Winsted, and Woodbury.\nWe are Middlesex County movers, dedicated to the relocation needs of the families and businesses in the city and surrounding areas. Including, Chester, Clinton, Cromwell, Deep River, Winthrop, Durham, East Haddam, Moodus, East Hampton, Cobalt, Lake Pocotopaug, Middle Haddam, Essex, Haddam, Higganum, Killingworth, Middletown, Rockfall, Middlefield, Old Saybrook, Fenwick, Portland, and Westbrook.\nOur Commerical Moving Services are tailored to get you the results you want. We use our experience in office moving to craft your customized move. It is then, executed by our high-performing, trained movers. Whether you\u2019re a local business or a national company, Collegian's commercial movers have what you need to take your business to its next location", "Local casino Antique Opinion \u1408 40 Spins To mrbet sign up bonus possess $step one Deposit \ufe0f Up-to-date 2022\nRest assure that Gambling enterprise Vintage application originates from a reliable designer profile. The majority of its games come from Microgaming and all of their real time step video game is produced by Advancement Playing, nevertheless webpages also offers software from other understood developers too. Participants can be enter into by themselves to your powering for a change inside the a good life knowledge.\n- Casino Vintage have a leading real time games choices having a variety of games along with roulette and blackjack.\n- At the time of composing so it review, Gambling establishment Vintage only also provides games by Microgaming.\n- Speaking of lavish, don\u2019t forget about and discover Luxury Casino.\n- As well, it casino is fantastic for carrying out a betting career.\n- You can access the site from your own Android, ios or Windows cellular telephone by just gonna to help you it through your internet browser.\n- In which that isn\u2019t the truth, the newest gambling establishment get emptiness the profits pending study.\nCellular betting are eclipsing desktop computer types, and a classic submit the, similar to this agent, gambling on the run are important. The brand new desktop feel about this platform is rudimentary but in a good good way. Yes, they lacks the brand new stylistic glamour from a modern on the internet place however, makes up which have an obvious layout, which makes the function obtainable.\nMrbet sign up bonus \u2013 The best Online casino\nYou are able to tune the transaction status and make contact with support service when you have any queries or you would like people to make it easier to. Having a las vegas-end up being to your user interface, you\u2019re met that have an enormous choice of casino games. While the a part of your Gambling establishment Benefits Circle, it\u2019s got a financially rewarding VIP system built to reward professionals to possess the loyalty. Although not, after you claim him or her, you need to play through the spins and also the extra count out of your second strategy two hundred moments before you build a great withdrawal. Regrettably, because on the web \u0421anadian casino doesn\u2019t element games from other business, he\u2019s got no live point designed for bettors. Microgaming currently provides merely traditional game, slots, and you will electronic poker, making this perhaps not a live gambling establishment.\nWithin this Gambling enterprise Vintage opinion, you will observe concerning the advantages and disadvantages of the system, their percentage mrbet sign up bonus procedures, video game, and much more. So it local casino allows a variety of financial actions, which can be discussed prior to. This permits you to select the newest financial method that can be found and easier for your requirements. Casino Vintage f", "oose from more cards than subsequent travelers. The last player to arrive only gets to select from the last two cards, which he may not be able to afford or may have already eaten.\nThe game ends when everyone reached Edo. Then there is some end game scoring based on what you did along the way.\nThe player to donate the most money to the temple gets 10 points. The second highest contributor gets 7, and the third gets 4. Any others get 2.\n- The first player to complete each type of panorama gets 3 points.\n- The player with the most expensive meals gets 3 points.\n- The player with the most Hot Springs cards gets 3 points.\n- The player with the most Encounter cards gets 3 points.\n- The player with the most Souvenir (Village) cards gets 3 points.\nIf there are ties, both players get the points. The player with the most points is the winner. Ties are broken by giving the win to the player with the most cards.\nIs There Any Strategy in Playing Tokaido?\nThere isn\u2019t much. You want to get (or give a lot, in the case of the temple) of everything, but you probably won\u2019t be able to. So you\u2019ll have to try to concentrate on a few of your options.\nYour tactics in doing so may often be dictated by what the other players do. If a space you want is filled, you might have to skip over it and hope for another similar spot later, or change your concentration to some other type of dot.\nSpeaking of dots, besides the lack of many real choices in Tokaido, my biggest gripe is with the size of the scoring markers. The teeny tiny circles are so small that they\u2019re hard to pick up. I think the only reason we haven\u2019t lost any of them is that we haven\u2019t played the game all that often yet.\nThat said, it probably won\u2019t get played all that much more because there are other games we own that we like a lot better and would choose to play rather than Tokaido.\nTokaido looks very nice, but that\u2019s not enough to make it a great game. It\u2019s a very average game which could become one of your favorites, but it won\u2019t become one of mine. Sorry, Mr. Bauza. (Antoine Bauza designed Tokaido and, probably more famously, 7 Wonders, Takenoko, and Hanabi.)\nIf you now think Tokaido is for you, check it out at Amazon here", "Every June, Chicago hosts a wonderful event that supports the literary world. Located downtown at the crossroads of Dearborn and Polk, Printer\u2019s Row consists of a line of tents in the streets and smaller tables on each side. The tents feature booksellers, writing groups, and some local publishing houses, while the side tables are often authors selling their work. The two-day event sees 150,000 customers wandering around if the weather is good.\nA great place for authors to sell books, right?\nEh, not so much.\nI\u2019ve participated in Printer\u2019s Row in 2013 by myself and again this year, sharing a table with five other people in shifts across the two days. The price per table is $350, which is hard to recoup. Working with partners made the event cheaper for each of us, which helped. Yet I still didn\u2019t show a profit during either time.\nThe 2015 Tale\nEarning a profit of $350 in book sales is practically impossible for any new and relatively unknown author.\nI knew that going into the 2013 event but I talked to a lot of great people, handed out stacks of marketing material and saw a small jump in my online sales because of the interactions. I also learned about new writers\u2019 groups and eventually joined two of them. Finally, like any bibliophile, I purchased some new and used tomes for my own amusement.\nThis year, I shared the table with two other people on each day of the show. Because a sixth author pulled out at the last minute, I had the opportunity to attend both days. The five of us banded together under the title, Great Lakes Authors, and arrived on Saturday morning eager to get started. By Sunday afternoon, I sat behind the table, feeling wet and depressed.\nWhy was 2015 a disaster?\n1. Many people assumed Great Lakes Authors was a publishing house. I didn\u2019t think folks would make that leap but they did. At times, people blocked the table in order to pitch their manuscript or ask, \u201cHow do I get my book published?\u201d To be fair, I\u2019ve gotten that question at several book signings and it amazes me that people simply don\u2019t buy a Writer\u2019s Digest Guide or do some research online. We politely answered as best we could but those folks were not customers. They also interfered with other sales.\nLesson learned: Be careful of the name you choose. Make sure it doesn\u2019t give the wrong impression. In addition, discourage wannabe writers from hanging around to discuss the publishing world.\n2. My partner\u2019s books were not of the same genre as my work. So when a small group of older women investigated my friend\u2019s Escape from Assisted Living book (a fun book), they hung around, chatting and ignoring all the", "What are the key responsibilities of a Call Center Manager", "What topics are covered in the Senior Learning Program for Year 10 students", "What significant issue did the Eighth Circuit Federal Court of Appeals recently address regarding the disclosure of personal information about ranchers and farmers", "You are about to embark on a journey from ancient Kyoto to Edo (aka Tokyo). The Tokaido Road was the most important route connecting Edo with other parts of the country back in the day.\nYour task is mostly to collect the most sets and have the majority of certain items by the time you reach the end of the road at Edo.\nIf that, combined with the picture of the game board (below) sounds like enough fun to you that you want to get this game now, click here to check the pricing and availability of Tokaido at Amazon.\nIf you need to have more information before making your purchase, read on.\nHow Do You Play Tokaido?\nYou and up to 4 other players all start in Kyoto at the left end of a large tri-fold board. Your human-looking pawns all start at the inn there.\nMovement in Tokaido does not involve any dice. Whoever is behind on the path takes the next turn. If that movement still leaves that pawn in last place, that person gets to move again.\nSome of the spaces (dots, really) along the route have more than one opening available. You only get to use these extra dots if there are 4 or 5 players though.\nWhen you get to each of the 4 (counting Edo) red inns along the way, you must stop until everyone else catches up with you.\nEach of the dots on the route allows you to perform an action. In some cases you need enough money to do so.\nThese are the action spaces.\nVillage (souvenirs \u2013 black)\nYou draw 3 souvenir cards and keep 1 of them. You are trying to collect sets of these cards. The larger the set, the more points you get.\nYou take 3 coins from the supply.\nPanorama (green, gray, or blue ocean)\nYou take a card of the corresponding panorama type and score the number of points on the card.\nHot Spring (blue)\nYou take a card and score either the 2 or 3 points it is worth.\nYou donate 1, 2, or 3 coins to one of the temples and get that many points.\nYou draw a card and do what it says. This is sort of a miscellaneous space that lets you do one of the other actions already mentioned above.\nYou can buy a meal card, if you can afford it and if you haven\u2019t had that kind of meal earlier, and score the 6 points it gives you.\nThe advantage of getting to an inn first is that you get to ch", "What key areas did Vice Governor Iwasaki Yasuo highlight for Saitama businesses looking to establish a partnership with Ho Chi Minh City", "eatures a substantial slots giving which includes Reel, Video and you may Progressive Harbors.\nDeserves And Demerits Away from Casino Antique Canada\nThe newest character score \u2018s the chief metric we used to establish the fresh honesty, equity, and you may quality of the casinos on the internet inside our database. Look the bonuses given by Everygame Gambling enterprise Classic, and its no-deposit added bonus offers and earliest deposit invited incentives. There are various financial choices that exist, a number of the preferred banking possibilities which is familiar to you\u2019re Visa, Charge card, Echeck, plus Rebilly.\nGambling establishment Antique on-line casino has games including live black-jack, live roulette, alive baccarat, and you can alive poker. Even when, when the live black-jack is the go-to antique, regrettably, there is just one solution. If you would like observe more, here are a few our Canada live blackjack comment. Which local casino will bring a wealth of banking choices that enable your and then make instantaneous dumps and you may withdrawals for your requirements.\nFirst of all, it is almost exclusively running on Microgaming. In accordance with fundamental world patterns, harbors are the solution gaming offer regarding the profile. Because of the HTML-5 technology implemented by the app seller Microgaming, extremely video game on the reception are offered for to play for the go.\nBest Table Game\nOne winnings generated from all of these revolves try at the mercy of an excellent 200x wagering specifications ahead of he\u2019s turned into withdrawable dollars. Nevertheless the cash equilibrium may be withdrawn at any time from the forfeiting the advantage balance. Gambling enterprise Classic Canada is generally accepted as a real vintage, and is slightly apparent as soon as your house to the the website. There\u2019s awesome athlete bonuses, a casual customer service team and the newest condition-of-the-art technology. Luckily, for the rest of the new bonuses, the brand new betting standards are incredibly a good \u2013 30x playthrough, that\u2019s realistic. Professionals were bonuses and offers, concern help, access to exclusive game, individual VIP servers, and you may entries on the VIP Lucky Jackpot plus the Lifetime of Your life Sweepstakes.\nGambling establishment Vintage Benefits\nYou can also provides a hollywood actor Vinnie Jones revolves the new roulette wheel within the online game. The previous sports player turned actor can also offer your inside at the blackjack desk. But instead of live dealer games, an enthusiastic RNG system creates the outcomes. \ud83c\udf81 Casino Bonus40 100 % free Spins\ud83d\udcb0 Min Put$/\u20ac1\u2705 Betting requirements30x\ud83d\udcb8 Min. Withdrawal$/\u20ac50Casino Classic has plenty to provide regarding incentives. As soon as you accomplish that, the main benefit is actually yours, and you will have the opportunity to be the following Mega Vault billionaire", "What are the delivery options and time frames for the mirrors", "What are some of the aspects of money that the bookMoney Matters for Teens covers", "e mirror would blend seamlessly into your home and takes up no additional floor space. Reflecting the light beautifully, this mirror will brighten up almost any room in your home. Manufactured to a high standard this mirror will last for many years. The majority of our mirrors are supplied with a wall bracket.\nWe offer a free delivery service to most of the UK. Delivery can range from 24 Hours to 28 working days depending on current stock levels and delivery schedules. We aim to deliver mirrors to our customers as quickly as possible and pride ourselves in getting all of our mirrors to our customers in pristine condition.", "n the game, some of you still want to push Sonic\u2019s speed barrier. So, just like in old Sega games, you can get an additional speed boost by collecting the maximum number of rings possible. This will enable Power Boosting, which you can combine with Infinite Boost to increase Sonic\u2019s speed. However, once you lose the rings, you will no longer be able to get the additional speed boost with Power Boosting.\nThis is a perfect in-game hack to travel around the map quickly, especially when you don\u2019t have fast travel scrolls. And since you can reactivate it over and over, this will most likely be your go-to way to travel around the game\u2019s open world.\nIf this guide helped, be sure to check out our other Sonic Frontiers guides below:\n- Is It Coming to Game Pass?\n- Nintendo Switch File Size Revealed\n- How Sonic Frontiers Could Help Bring Sonic Back\nRiley Fonger is a Calgary-based freelance writer. He is currently studying Journalism and Public Relations at Mount Royal University. Riley has been a sports and video game enthusiast since he was a child. If he isn't writing, he is most likely competing in an FPS game or in a pick-up game with his friends.", "Inverter performance and safety depend on using cables sized for very high battery currents, in lengths no longer than ten feet.\nThe cable is made of finely stranded copper for flexibility and has bullnose lug ends industrially pressed on to fit terminal bolts on inverters.\nUse a fuse, powercenter,", "Who is the songwriter associated with the home of folk and children's songs featuring 'Jesus is the Hero'", "There are pages of information out there on what makes a good holster for a concealed-carry pistol. Leather or kydex. Inside the waistband or outside. Appendix or hip carry. The list goes on. The surprising part is there\u2019s little discussion about what makes a good belt to use alongside a holster. This is surprising because a good holster requires a good gun belt in order to be be effective. Without a dedicated gun belt, a gun in its holster doesn\u2019t have the support it needs to stay in one place on the waist and will sag and flex during movement.\nMost dress belts and work belts are not built for the purpose of keeping a pound or more of plastic, steel and lead stable and secure on the waistband, which is why a gun belt is literally the foundation of effective concealed carry. By not twisting around or shifting during daily carry, a good gun belt helps concealed-carry licensees stay more discreet as they move about with their defensive sidearm during the day.\nThere are plenty of \u201cheavy-duty\u201d belts available on the market, but those belts, while tough, are not designed with the needs of a concealed carry in mind. A work belt is built to hold up to the rigors of a jobsite are not really designed to keep a pistol secure on the waist. Also, while thick leather cowboy or dress belts may look great, they usually don\u2019t have the rigidity needed to prevent the weight of a carry pistol from sagging and pulling pants down on that side of a wearer's body.\nWhat makes a gun belt different from other belts is that gun belts have internal stiffener inside the belt. A internal stiffener, be it kydex, steel, or some other material is what separates out a gun belt from other belts. A stiffener stops the belt from twisting from the weight of a pistol, and it also helps spread the weight of a concealed-carry rig around the waist, making a gun much more comfortable", "us is the Hero\u2019.\nThere are no reviews yet.\nOnly logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.\nFree shipping on orders\nover \u00a325 Worldwide! Dismiss", "other offerings. They also blocked the table from other potential customers. I\u2019m not angry about this. My friend did well, selling the 15 she brought, and I\u2019m happy for her. It is a great book that obviously garners a lot of interest. However, it was a factor in fewer sales for my thrillers and the other person\u2019s psychological horror novel.\nLesson learned: If possible, only share a table with those in the same or similar genres.\n3. Adult men (my target audience) don\u2019t impulse shop, at least not at the same rate as women. Males are also less interested in gathering autographed copies. In addition, I heard more men say, \u201cI read e-books\u201d than women. In answer to that, I gave them some of my handouts and hoped they would check the book out on Amazon.\nLesson learned: Think about your book\u2019s audience. Would they show up at an event like this? Some yes, but that knowledge will temper your expectations. Also remember that the changing world of publishing is affecting how people buy books. This makes book signings less effective as a marketing tool.\n4. Everyone who rented a table competed for customers against the \u201ctent people.\u201d If the tent folks were part of an organization, offering seats to their authors for book signings, then fine. They are doing the same pitch and selling that I\u2019m doing.\nHowever, many of the tents were often used booksellers marking their merchandise down to $3 to $5. Anyone opposite one of these bookstores had a hard time competing for the customers\u2019 attention.\nLesson learned: Avoid the costly book signing events. The competition is hard and you probably won\u2019t recoup your entrance fee. Alternatively, split the costs with someone if possible.\n5. The weather turned sour on Sunday. The promoters don\u2019t care if our books get wet, that was our responsibility. We kept plastic paint sheets available, which helped. However, the bigger issue was the early rain kept people at home. The main shower stopped about 10 a.m., but the great flow of customers failed to show up for the rest of the day. No doubt, they looked out the window and made other plans.\nLesson learned: Sometimes things just go sour. Roll with the punches and move on.\nNext year, I\u2019m attending Printer\u2019s Row as a customer. My experience as a vender wasn\u2019t the greatest but it is still a wonderful, fun event. I made great contacts with folks, found out about existing writer support groups, and discovered some treasures. So if you are in the Chicago area next year in early June, consider checking it out. Supporting local literary groups goes a long way for creating success for all authors.\nAs always, happy writing", "What neighborhoods does Collegian Movers serve in Stamford", "What types of materials can SunSetStrip effectively strip without causing damage", "What is the main objective of the game Tokaido", "What are the benefits for customers using the SmoothPay app at Patty & Frank\u2019s restaurant", "What type of inverters is the 4/0 Gauge Copper cable suitable for, and what are the respective power requirements for 12V, 24V, and 48V inverters", "What types of games does Casino Antique offer, and who are the primary software developers associated with it", "What will NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory host for teachers in August 2012", "What specific details is the author mentioning to look for when inspecting the 1999 Jayco M-323 RV", "This elegant mirror offers a simplistic design with attractive detailing to the frame. Offering a striking black finish the mirror would blend seamlessly into either a traditional or more contemporary home d\u00e9cor. The mirror exudes elegance and class perfect for enhancing any current living space. Offered in a minimal design the mirror would create an impact in almost any room in your home. With a delicate shell design on the top of its frame and black this moulin noir overmantle mirror will add that extra chic to your room. Perfect for customers that are looking to create a shabby chic vintage style feel in their home. Th", "Geer Memorial Baptist Church is a daycare offering child care and play experiences located at 911 S 5th St in Easley, SC. Contact this provider to inquire about prices and availability.\n911", "aw demonstrations of the latest technologies for home comfort, safety and security, and residential thermal solutions.\n\u201cWe are building Resideo as a premium brand in the smart home industry with diversified products and solutions and excellent operations,\u201d said Vension Wu, managing director of Resideo APAC. \u201cThe feedback we received from our partners at this event is incredibly valuable as we execute our strategy to transform the Asia-Pacific region.\u201d\nWatch the video below to learn more about what\u2019s happening with Resideo Greater China.", "What event did Resideo host on January 15, 2019, and what was the purpose of this event", "What was the purpose of Thaksin Shinawatra's visit to Myanmar according to the reports", "What were the overall impressions of the matches reviewed in the text segment regarding their performance and potential", "As long as we\u2019ve known the character, Sonic has always impressed us with his lightning-fast moves. And there really is no limit to Sonic\u2019s speed in Sonic Frontiers, especially when you activate his Infinite Boost. This ability grants Sonic a speed boost that doesn\u2019t deplete his stamina bar, but it is only active for a limited time. Regardless, Infinite Boost is a great way to put Sonic into overdrive and quickly travel around the map. We\u2019ll show you how to unlock it in this guide.\nHow to Unlock Infinite Boost in Sonic Frontiers\nTo unlock and activate Infinite Boost in Sonic Frontiers, you need to make an infinity symbol (\u221e) with your Cyloop ability. If you do it correctly, an infinity symbol will appear next to your boost meter, allowing you to boost momentarily without depleting your stamina. Although Infinite Boost will eventually deactivate after a few minutes, the good news is that you can reactivate the ability immediately after it expires. Simply draw another infinity symbol with your Cyloop ability to return to Infinite Boost. Essentially allowing you to activate it infinitely.\nWe know that while this may be the fastest you\u2019ve gone i", "Where is Geer Memorial Baptist Church located", "What was the rating for the sixth match, a Monster's Ball match featuring Abyss, Raven, and Monty Brown", "Where can someone get spacers installed for an Aqua in Rawalpindi or Islamabad", "Learn a little more about the beginnings of Sunset Strip\nSunSetStrip is the name of our paint stripper you may have seen on YouTube and it is a non hazardous Hydrogen Peroxide based stripper.\nOur other aviation company, Capital Aviation, Inc., has used SunSetStrip now for over 7 years and WEBBERTEK has been selling it commercially for over 6 years now. We have sold to customers from all over the United States and as far as from Canada, Guam, South America, The Bahamas and to DynCorp in Iraq and Afghanistan to strip helicopters there.\nWhen the EPA prohibited us using the Methylene Chloride type strippers, we were disappointed by the \u201cGreen\u201d strippers that were available in the marketplace. The safe \u201cGreen\u201d strippers that we tried had a lot of problems. First, they were extremely slow to work. They might start working in 24 to 48 hours, some as long as 72 hours. Second, after a short period of time we could not tell where we had applied the material. The other strippers would go clear and turn very thin in about an hour and we would end up using more product because we could not tell where we had applied it before. Third, when we tried to wash the stripper off the plane, it was like trying to get grease to come off. So with the wonderful help from Jeff Schulhoff of Moon Chemical, we came up with SunSetStrip. After fine-tuning it for about 6 months we had a wonderful product that was easy to use, worked fast and was so easy to wash off the plane with just cold water.\nOur other company, Capital Aviation, paint corporate type aircraft \u2013 Gulfstreams, Falcons, Hawkers, Cessna Citations etc. and we get the same results time after time that you may have seen on YouTube. This paint stripper is non-hazardous in its material make up and because of that we can ship directly to your home. SunSetStrip is aggressive towards Magnesium. The stripper will remove paint on Mag parts but you have to be careful as SunSetStrip will start pitting if left on Magnesium for an hour or more. It is designed to work on aircraft skins made from Aluminum but is also safe to use on Steel and Titanium. And we have also found through trial and error our stripper does not affect or damage fiberglass composites. It will soften plastic parts like Kydex though and will remove B 1/2 sealant. We even tested it on Graphite composite for over 216 hours with no damage at all.\nBesides using it on basic aircraft paint, we have used it on \u201cCARC\u201d paint ( Chemical Agent Resistant Coating ) and \u201cAnti Fouling\u201d paint that is found on the bottom of marine ships and boats and we have had excellent results with stripping these products. The stripper does not hurt old style fiberglass or the new \u201cE or S Glass\u201d at all. We have found that it will take \u201cPowder Coating\u201d off as well on items. Also, we have even taken paint off of Fabric Aircraft with no damage to the new poly type fabric used to skin fabric planes.\nIf you look at the pictures in the gallery you will see you do not use much product for stripping the plane. You can see the dark stripes an", "The Skoda Yeti has taken the top spot overall in the 2012 Auto Express Driver Power survey - the biggest car owner survey in the UK.\nIn fact, Skoda took three of the top four spots, with the Superb in second and Octavia in fourth.\nThe top five places were rounded out by the Mercedes E-Class in third place and the Jaguar XF in fifth spot. In terms of in-car technology, the cars rated most highly by their owners were Nissans, with the Qashqai in first place and the Juke in fourth. Nissan does major on providing more technology per pound than its main rivals, so it is interesting to see that customers appreciate the fact.\nThe overall success of Skoda sug", "What could prevent the situation from unfolding as indicated in the first photo", "How can players increase Sonic's speed in the game", "y\u2026unless\u2026\nthe river is a bit wider than the first photo indicated\u2026\nand he was only a few metres from a waterfall.\nAnd not just any waterfall,\nbut what is considered, by some", "What theme does the text suggest about the words chosen this week compared to the previous week", "What are the requirements for cables used with inverter systems to ensure performance and safety", "I know I declared last week a tough selection of words.\nHowever, this week it is the opposite end of the scale. \ud83d\ude42\nNothing to dramatic about a fisherman\nout to feed his famil", "What is the biggest flaw in the Asus ET2410-06 system regarding internet connectivity", "When talking about desktops, there needs to be at least two cores for a flawless experience. The Asus ET2410-06 is a $900 touchscreen desktop that has an Intel Core i3 processor that can meet that expectation.\nThe ET2410-06 is very handy for a desktop. It makes us of a wireless keyboard and mouse which makes things a lot easier particularly in the packing up and transport of the desktop. Its stability is not very good though. Tapping the screen quickly will result in it shaking for a couple of seconds. In other desktops, the damping is good enough such that it quickly stops moving after a second or two.Screen bouncing is not really a big problem. It is just a little annoying at times.\nFeatures are almost perfect save for one that is missing which will be mentioned later. At the moment, the Asus ET2410-06 is very adept with two USB 3.0 ports and four USB 2.0 ports. One of those USB 2.0 ports doubles as an eSATA port. For video, there are input and output HDMI ports and a VGA-in port. These are useful for transmitting data from other sources and viewing it on the monitor.\nThe missing feature that actually ruins the entire package is WiFi. If you think", "There has been an apparent sighting of former Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra in Myanmar, said to be on a merit-making trip, according to the Bangkok Post on February 22.\nMr Thaksin visited Myanmar early this month,claimsMr Surachet Chaikosol, aformer Thai MP for Ayutthaya, who on February 22 posted pictures in thesocial mediaof thefugitiveformerprime minister in Yangon.\nMr Surachet, aformerMP of thedissolvedThailand\u2019s People's Power Party, said he got the pictures from a friend who is a businessman who went to Myanmar toexploreinvestmentopportunities.\nHis friend, whom he did notidentify,happenedto see Mr Thaksin at the Shwedagon Pagoda in Yangon on Februa", "VP, South Region Sales - Florida, Home, FL\nWe have an opening for an experienced, innovative, strategic VP, South Region Sales that will be based remotely in Florida, Georgia, Tennessee, or North Carolina. Does this sound like you?\nAs part of our PreK-12 business, you\u2019ll be part of a team that creates robust digital tools, curriculum and learning solutions in a variety of formats that are used by millions of educators and students every day.\nYour contribution to the team includes:\n- Create a culture of success that drives ongoing business development and revenue growth achievement, develop, direct and execute customer centric sales strategies.\n- Communicate closely with marketing and product development teams to create strategies, drive sales and provide market feedback as well as oversee product and sales training initiatives.\n- Drive sales focused on profitability, margins and maintain budgets (including targeted Free With Order (FWO) and samples percentages).\n- Coach and strategize with sales leadership and their teams on how best to achieve sales goals by focusing on profitable product lines and high margin sales.\n- Provide direction and partner with finance and operations on sales negotiations and sales forecasting.\n- Demonstrates strong competence with data analysis and leverages this information so as to make recommendations to the VP, National Sales for Adoption territories.\nThe VP, South Region Sales will provide the strategic direction for a sales force that sells educational solutions inclusive of technology, media and print for grades pre-kindergarten through 12 (K-12). The VP will be responsible for growing revenue in excess of $250M. The territory spans eight states: LA, AL, GA, FL, SC, NC, TN, and WV. The VP will develop and execute sales and marketing strategies to achieve sales and profitability goals.\nWe offer a competitive salary and uncapped bo", "Friday 1st February 2019\nWOS Wrestling made its triumphant return to ITV this year for a 10-part series, the opening programme brought in 1.2 million viewers making it the highest-rated British wrestling TV show in over 30 years.\nFollowing its huge success you can now see your favourite wrestlers live in the ring for the first time in decades as WOS Wrestling announces a nine-date UK tour for early 2019.\nSome of the biggest names in the sport will be appearing at Scarborough Spa on Friday 1 February including: JUSTTIN SYSUM, RAMPAGE, GRADO, ADAM MAXTED, VIPER and CRATER plus many more stars will be announced in the coming weeks.\nMORE NAMES ADDED: Will Ospreay, Joe Hendry, Robbie X, Kay Lee Ray, Nathan Cruz & Sha Samuels.\nBringing Saturday evening entertainment to the live stage the tour pays homage to the original WOS Wrestling \u2013 British wrestling at its best.\nExpect family friendly entertainment with highly anticipated battles and maximum a", "Connecticut Moving Company in business since 1989. Collegian Movers & Storage is the residential and commercial moving company to call for needs both great and small. We are an A+ BBB-accredited business with a reputation that tops the charts on Yelp, Google+, and Customer Lobby, making us the Connecticut movers of choice. We also offer complete customization moving services, unlike many other nearby moving companies, and we're excited to go to work for you. Please read on to learn more about our Connecticut moving and storage company's service areas. Plus learn about our top-notch relocation and storage services that we can offer you, your family or your business.\nCall today for Bridgeport moving assistance in all areas including: Downtown (McLevy Green, Harral Square, The Hollow, Enterprise Zone), East Side (Boston Avenue/Mill Hill, East End, Lower East Side, Newfield, Pleasure Beach, Steel Point, Upper East Side), North End (Brooklawn/St. Vincent, Lake Forest, Lake Success, North Bridgeport/Little Italy, Reservoir/Whiskey Hill), South End (Seaside Park, Soundgate) West Side (Black Rock, West Side)\nOur Fairfield Moving Company has the skills, methods, equipment, and experience you are looking for in nearby movers in my area. Chosen by so many Fairfield residents, Collegian Movers goes a step further when serving the Fairfield area. Give Collegian a call when moving in any of the Fairfield areas including Fairfield Center (Downtown), Brooklawn, Southport, Stratfield, Greenfield Hill, Tunxis Hill, and Little Danbury (ghost town).\nSince 1989, Collegian Movers has been providing reliable, honest, quality moving and storage services to its' Greenwich neighbors including Greenwich (Downtown), Glenville, Byram, Chickahomin, Cos Cob, Millbrook, Sound Beach, Old Greenwich, Riverside, Back Country, Round Hill, Belle Haven, and Mianus. We make sure to keep the client in mind every step of the way.\nAre you searching for Hartford residential movers near you? Well, look no further. Collegian Movers services all areas of Hartford, including Asylum Hill, Blue Hills, Downtown, Frog Hollow, West End, Sheldon/ Charter Oak, Clay-Arsenal, Upper Albany, South End, Little Italy, South Green, South Meadows, Southwest, Behind the Rocks, North Meadows, North End, and Parkville.\nOur Milford moving company also provides top-quality services to Anchor Beach, Bayview Heights, Burwells Beach, Cedar Beach, Downtown Historic District, Ettadore Park, Far View Beach, Forest Heights, Fort Trumbull, Great River, Gulf Beach, Heatherstone, Laurel Beach, Lexington Green, Merwin's Beach, Merwin's Point, Milford Lawns, Milford Point, Myrtle Beach, Naugatuck Gardens, Point Lookout, Silver Sands Beach, South of the Green, Walnut Beach, and Wheelers Farms.\nWe are New Haven movers, dedicated to the relocation needs of the families and businesses in the city and surrounding areas. Including: Amity, Beaver Hills, Beverly Hills, Bishop Woods, Brookside, Chatham Square, Church Street South, City Point/Oyster Point, Dixwell, Downtown New Haven, East Rock, Fair Haven, Fair Haven Heights, Hill, Long Wharf, Mill River, Newhallville, Prospect Hil", "Updated on January 26, 2019\nResideo\u2019s Greater China business is off and running for 2019. On Jan. 15, Resideo hosted 120 distribution partners and guests in Tianjin to share the company\u2019s vision for simplifying the smart home. For many participants, it was their first chance to hear first-hand from Resideo since it emerged as a standalone home technology company late last year. They heard about the company\u2019s engineering and manufacturing capabilities, as well as the product offerings and branding strategies in Greater China. They also s", "What can you do at the location mentioned in the text segment aside from viewing new publications", "What is the primary purpose of a dedicated gun belt when used with a holster for concealed carry", "What project is the workshop focused on at JPL in relation to NASA", "What is the purpose of the text segment regarding the Special Design for Cam Buckle CB3812", "perfectionist, and probably as close to an expert on the subject as anyone I would be able to find.\nGlad to hear that. Sounds like he knows what he is doing. Good luck... And post pics...\nDon't put too much stock in the NADA pricing; I've found it to be all over the place. I just sold my Toy hauler for much more than it listed for and also paid a bit more for my Class C. You really need to see what the market is bringing and also in your part of the country. Also, don't add up all the options; just use the base price to negotiate from. Good luck!\n2014 Dutchmen Voltage V300\n2008 Chevy Silverado 2500HD CC/SB 4X4 Duramax LMM/LTZ/Z71\nOk, I'm getting ready to hit the hay. We are heading out at 10 AM in the morning for a 2 hour ride to take a look at this new adventure. We're taking my brother-in-law's RV for the ride, and the convenience, and probably to make me a little bit jealous...lol. I'm very excited and hoping that I get some decent sleep in spite of feeling like a kid on Christmas Eve. Another curiosity, what kind of roof should I expect to find on this RV? I read on another thread that some have fiberglass, some have rubber, maybe even some have aluminum. I hope I'm not starting a war by asking, but does anyone know if one is better than the other?\nWell, I have good news and bad news. The 1999 Jayco Eagle M-323 didn't pan out. The inside of the RV was just beautiful. It was even better than the pics that we had seen. The problem was that as soon as we pulled up I noticed a great big bubble in the side of the cab-over right above the passenger door. The whole thing was completely covered in pine sap from the trees that it was parked underneath. We went inside and poked around a little and found more water damage on the ceiling in the cab-over area and even more in the closet beside the bed in the back. My brother-in-law climbed up on the roof and stopped about halfway across because he said that the roof was so squishy underneath him that he felt like he might fall through. So, just as I was thinking that my dream had been squashed, my sister suggested going by the camper dealership about 25 miles from where we were. Well, guess what I found!? A 2002 Jayco Granite Ridge 3100SS. It has 20K miles on it, has been kept in a garage, has automatic leveling jacks, most everything on it looks like it has never been used, and I was able to negotiate a price that was equal to low book value for it. I pick it up on Tuesday"]}