{"q_indices": [34, 83, 14, 86, 6, 78, 30, 114, 118, 23, 28, 88, 55, 25, 73, 107, 11, 104, 51, 12, 91, 58, 22, 68, 32, 59, 33, 124, 20, 39, 43, 1, 57, 119, 92, 112, 61, 37, 8, 17, 105, 96, 65, 60, 35, 45, 108, 2, 95, 84, 106, 79, 75, 121, 110, 63, 103, 80, 36, 123, 50, 74, 116, 41], "a_indices": [115, 4, 27, 81, 47, 117, 40, 21, 94, 76, 126, 49, 15, 62, 18, 113, 46, 26, 122, 101, 42, 87, 102, 38, 48, 70, 100, 97, 53, 85, 64, 111, 19, 82, 9, 120, 7, 56, 93, 77, 52, 29, 109, 44, 90, 89, 3, 54, 66, 16, 0, 125, 71, 99, 127, 5, 13, 69, 98, 31, 24, 72, 67, 10], "texts": ["PRICE REDUCTION!! GREEN SPACE ABOUNDS on this Beautifully Landscaped 1/2 ~ Acre lot!!! This spaciously renovated colonial home has a large main level with a first floor Master Bedroom and exterior stone masonry accents as well as a Bay Window to allow even more light. The interior is designed with understated elegance and approximately 3,000 sq.ft. of gracious living on 2-Levels! T", "What does the JDK contain besides JRE", "What is the person's main concern regarding their actions after the memorial service", "Have you contacted your attorney? I would recommend a quick call to them to ensure you are doing whatever you are required to do in this situation. Keeping everything documented is really important. Your attorney should be able to tell you what your options are in the various scenarios that could arise fr", "o choose formulations based on the current condition of our scalp and hair, and preferably choosing products made from natural ingredients that are effective and do not mean a burden to our bodies and the environment.\nAyurvedic hair care uses herbs and other nourishing, natural active ingredients, and we can find the right product for all hair types, which help to preserve the beauty of hair as a complex treatment (Dabur Vatika hair care family: hair oils, shampoos), or used on their own", "will now be time for you to open the Hayward 3600 DE Filter so you can complete your goal and clean the filter grids. Even though most of the water has drained from the bulk head fittings, it is still a good idea to open the air bleed screw a few turns so that and extra water can drain from the filter. But chances are your filter tank is most likely empty by now. You also could remove the bottom drain plug if you like to get all the water from the tank, or you can just wait until you remove the top half of the tank and then you can just dump the rest of the water out of there is any.\nWashing out the tank and inspecting the o-rings:\nOnce you have the top half of the filter tank off you can pull the filter grids from the tank. The way to safely remove the filter grids from the tank is to grab the two small handle shaped parts you can see in the picture below and then twist and pull up at the same time. This can take a bit of strength if the filter is older or has not been taken apart in a while. Once you remove the filter grids you will want to inspect all o-rings for wear and tear. You also will want to wash all parts of the filter tank to make sure you wash all the debris out.\nCleaning the Hayward filter grids will help improve the overall performance of your swimming pool filter, In simple terms, your pool will be blue and clean more often then not. To properly clean your filter grids you will want to get a garden hose. Once you have a garden hose with a high powered nozzle you can begin spraying the grids down. You will want to spray all of the grids, from top to bottom, inside and out. The better you clean the filter, the better it will work.\nIf you have a tough time getting in those hard to reach spots you can use something called a \u201cfilter cleaning wand\u201d that will attach to your garden hose and fit nicely between the filter grids. Filter cleaning wands can cut the time you spend cleaning your pool filter in half.\nRe-assembling the Hayward Grid D.E. swimming pool filter:\nNow that you have washed all the filter grids and the tank, inspected all seals and o-rings on your Grid Hayward DE Filter, you can now put it back together. To re-assemble the filter you can just reverse the way you took it apart. Also make sure to tighten the air relief screw and prime your pool pump before you start the system.", "What principle regarding equality in committed relationships is emphasized in the text", "I like this picture....It's really pretty. \ud83d\ude00\nThis is my kitten and her name is Muffins. I know she may not be a pure bred or anything, but I was just curious as to what breed she could be.\nI got her from a person in my town that couldn't take care of their cats because he/she had too many of them.\nSo I got her when she was pretty small. She's a really hyper kitty and loves to play around and jump up in the air (as you can tell from the pictures I have posted).\nShe's very loving and HAS to be the center of attention, because whenever there is company at my house she rubs up on everyone to get them to pet her.\nIf I'm busy and don't pay enough attention to her in a day she'll end up jumping on my shoulders to make me pet her and give her attention. She's just really cute.... :D!\nHi Lynn..", "What are the limitations of homeowner and auto insurance when it comes to insuring a boat", "FDA grants first approval of a cannabis-derived medicine\nEpidiolex, a cannabis-derived medicine, has been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of Lennox-Gastaut and Dravet syndromes for patients aged two years and older.\nSource: PA / PA Archive / PA Images\nA cannabis-derived medicine has been approved for the first time by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).\nThe approval was granted to Greenwich Biosciences, the US subsidiary of GW Pharmaceuticals, for Epidiolex, an oral solution of purified cannabidiol (CBD). The medicine is now approved in the United States for treatment of seizures caused by to Lennox-Gastaut and Dravet syndromes, which are both severe forms of epilepsy. The medicine may only be used in patients aged two years or older.\nThe decision follows a unanimous vote in favour of the approval by the FDA\u2019s Peripheral and Central Nervous System Drugs Advisory Committee.\nFDA commissioner, Scott Gottlieb, welcomed the news as an \u201cimportant medical advance\u201d, and said that Epidiolex \u201cprovides new options for patients.\u201d But he emphasised that this decision did not represent an overarching approval of cannabis use.\nThe FDA issued a statement at the same time as approving Epidiolex, emphasising the importance of conducting proper research to prove safe and effective uses of cannabis and its components.\n\u201cThis is the approval of one specific CBD medication for a specific use. And it was based on well-controlled clinical trials evaluating the use of this compound in the treatment of a specific condition,\u201d said Gottlieb. \u201cMoreover, this is a purified form of CBD. It\u2019s being delivered to patients in a reliable dosage form and through a reproducible route of delivery.\u201d\nThe administration supports research into", "get all the benefits of fresh juices without blowing my rent money. Make the same quality, nutritious drinks right at home! I recently invested in HUROM\u2019s Citrus Juicer and it is amazing. Not only does this juicer automatically squeeze your fruit to yield the maximum amount of juice, but it has a quiet motor so you won\u2019t disturb anyone if you like to drink fresh juice in the morning.\nHUROM Citrus Juicer ($149)\nHere one of my favorite \u201cjuice shop\u201d-inspired recipes:\nCitrus and Ginger Juice:\n\u2013 1 Orange\n\u2013 1/2 Grapefruit\n\u2013 1/2 Lemon\n\u2013 1 Lime\n\u2013 Top with ginger\nThis vitamin-packed juice is the best way to start any day.\nBe sure to also check out what to eat to get ready for summer", "What events and performances took place during the opening weekend of Maribor as part of the 2011 European Capital of Culture celebrations", "What are some findings that doctors can trace to unsuspected infections or conditions in patients during health examinations", "Even Upton Sinclair in The Jungle did not go easy on the church, the church has always been an accomplice to the few in bringing malice upon the masses. It is a conflict of interest, the people are evolving as they pursue new ideas to gain more equality, and those new ideas have led them to you as you provide alternative economic systems. The church will always be on the side of the elites and it will always be that way. Even Pope Frances attempts to separate himself from his predecessors, but when it comes to humane issues like gay rights, he won't cross that bridge and support their case. The masses want equality in all facets of life, and its time you step away from the institution that has a long history of oppression. Doug Eaker\nChurches, like all other institutions, reflect, embody and affect the larger societies", "What event led to the destruction of Atlantis and turned it into a legend", "The true definition of con\u00b7fes\u00b7sion is: Noun. A formal statement admitting that one is guilty of a crime.\nThe truth is Eugene did not confess. But he did make incriminating statements after many hours of interrogation.\nThe truth us that the police, media, and prosecuters led all of Alaska to believe in those first days that he had confessed.\nThe truth is that the issue of false confessions is one of the hardest elements of this case for most people to understand, but we are not going to avoid it. We are going to address it right away.\nThe truth is, the average Native kid from Interior Alaska, especially before this case, had no idea that the police can lie to you. We were raised to believe that police should be honest.\nThe truth is, the police can tell some pretty compelling lies. They can, for example, tell a drunk seventeen year old who was blacked-out drunk for half the night that there is blood on his shoes. That his friends say he kicked someone. Lies that are hard to imagine. The truth is that they can use lies like weapons, to take someone\u2019s mind apart.\nThe truth is, they did that to Eugene. It took over eleven hours.\nThe truth is, eventually, he fell for it.\nThe truth is, the interrogation technique the FPD used on Eugene is not used anymore, because it turns out it is a good way to trick someone, but not a good way to find out the truth.\nThe truth is that more than two-thirds of the DNA-cleared homicide cases documented by the National In", "coastal waters and fitted with both steering and flanking rudders. Reportedly very maneuverable.\u201d Great name, unusual profile.\nBrian Nicholas 1966 (ex-Banda Sea, Jenna B., Bunker Tide, Dad II) pushes\na scow. Note: Dad is an acronym. Expansion comes tomorrow.\nApproaching is Dorothy Elizabeth 1951! (ex-Gotham and Christine Gellatly) with its unmistakeable color scheme.\nAnd we\u2019ll end as we started with a Dann Ocean Towing boat . . . but this one is identified: Thomas Dann 1975 (ex-Yabucoa Service, Yabucoa, Yabucoa Sun), named for a town in southeastern Puerto Rico.\nHere\u2019s another shot of Thomas Dann.\nSo if you identified that first boat as Comet, you\u2019d be right. Thanks to Harold E. Tartell for the ID. I ran a foto of Comet here a year ago", "What types of additional insurance options are mentioned for boat owners in the text", "There are at least 3 authors named Jane Roberts here:\n(1) the psychic Jane Roberts, b. 1929,\n(2) Jane Roberts, b. 1949-09-04 (Priscilla Jane Stephanie Roberts), Royal Librarian and a curator of the Royal Collection, and\n(3) Roberts, Jane Annette, 1936- the English professor.\n(4) Roberts, Jane Keeney, 1941- , 34 Million Friends...\n(5) Roberts, Jane (Susan Jane), 1954- , Environmental Policy\n(6) Roberts, Jane, 1950- , Ja", "Submit your FML story\n- - Please note that spam and nonsensical stories will result in you being blocked from accessing FML.\nAbout infamousxmystery : Well...hi.\nIt\u2019s in the can\nHey, you uploaded your photo, and you\u2019re cute as a kitten!\nYou\u2019ve filled out the necessary details. Having done so will be much appreciated.\nYou have looked through 5", "Why do Australian expatriates often neglect to review their mortgage arrangements while overseas", "adigan is asking a judge to reverse a previous ruling that not paying state workers would be unconstitutional, even without a budget.\nDemocratic House Speaker Michael Madigan's spokesman Steve Brown calls Scherer's bill a \"precaution\" against the attorney general's action.\nBourne says her measure is necessary to prevent a government shutdown and keep state workers out of the political fray as the budget negotiations grind on", "What prompted Matt Snowden to start doing Online Sessions, and how did his engineering background contribute to his success in this area", "What event prompted the author to refrain from expressing their opinion publicly for the first time while blogging", "In the 1950s killer disease polio struck fear into a whole generation. Although it was brought under control many believe a new battle relating to the illness is about to begin.\nThe victims of the 50s epidemic of polio - just children and teenagers at the time - have been left with a range of problems caused by a condition known as Post-Polio Syndrome.\nPost-Polio Syndrome (PPS) describes a range of new symptoms that occur 20 to 40 years after the original onset of the polio infection, and is in effect a knock-on effect of the damage originally done.\nDecades after recovering much of their muscular strength, survivors of polio are reporting unexpected fatigue, pain and weakness as muscles overused to compensate for the effects of polio start to wear out.\nMaureen McKenzie, from Forest Hall, contracted polio at the age of 16 and around 12 years ago developed PPS. She told the Chronicle: \"Polio had a massive impact on my life as I used to be a really keen athlete, but when I became ill I was totally paralysed and actually ended up having to go into an iron lung in hospital because all I could move was my eyes.\n\"I recovered but my chest muscles were left paralysed, my left arm was paralysed and I had movement problems in my right arm.\n\"When the PPS started I was feeling very tired and was getting pains in my spine and neck, which meant I had to rely more and more on a wheelchair. It was actually like having another dose of polio.\n\"Now I use one most of the time and had to give up my office job because of PPS. I also need a ventilator at night - because of the damage to my chest muscles I had to use my diaphragm to help with breathing but now those muscles are starting to weaken too.\"\nPolio has now been conquered by vaccination, which babies are immunised with at two months, but during the 1950s there were 45,000 cases and hundreds died.\nBut PPS is a condition which, according to the Nursing Standard, has fought for recognition since it was first described at the beginning of the 20th Century.\nAt the height of the last major polio epidemic - which saw 6,000 new cases being diagnosed in 1955 - thousands of British children were left crippled by the virus each year, until the advent of a miracle vaccine in the early 1960s virtually eradicated the killer dis", "What percentage of false confessors are men and what age group do most of them belong to", "ht at Logomo in April.\nA comprehensive image of the Turku Capital of Culture year are also portrayed by the video compilation of the entire year, produced by the Turku 2011 Foundation, and the follow-up documents made by students of the Turku Arts Academy about the different projects of the Turku Capital of Culture year. The students have made short films of the\n- River Aura Symphony\n- Song Castle\n- Cirque Dracula performance\n- Grand Prix Downhill Race\n- Passion dance performance\n- Tom of Finland exhibition, and\n- the Pots, Sandals and a Tent events\nIn addition, Mobile Animations made by Turku Arts Academy students are seen in Maribor. 20 short animated snapshots of Turku are shown.\nFriday opened the Maribor Finnish-Estonian month\nThe exhibitions and performances are offered by the Finnish-Estonian-Hungarian month, which is part of the Maribor Capital of Culture programme. Both the programme for the opening and the works and performances shown until the 4th of February are produced by the Turku 2011 Foundation, the Finnish embassy in Ljubljana, and the Estonian Embassy in Budapest.\nThe Finnish-Estonian month offers also an art exhibition by Turku artist Markku Haanp\u00e4\u00e4, a Finnish-Hungarian jewellery and clothes exhibition, and a Finnish-Estonian-Hungarian comic strip exhibition.\nThe official opening of the Maribor Capital of Culture year will be held on Saturday 14 January 2012. The opening of the other Capital of Culture, Guimar\u00e3es in Portugal, will take place on 21 January", "There once was a place called Atlantis. 10,000 years ago, it was attacked by a force known only as the Shadow, on the same day over the course of six years. The last attack led to Atlantis being obliterated to the point where it is just a legend.\nThere are many Earth timelines. The Shadow comes from one of those alternate timelines (or perhaps more than one). It is attacking our timeline by punching bubbles into our past that can last no more than 24 hours. In each bubble, the Shadow is trying to change our history and cause a time ripple.\nBy itself, a single time ripple can be dea", "What event occurred in Birmingham in the spring of 1963 related to the civil rights movement and young people", "nnerisms, from his eyeballs to facial expressions are in complete opposition to his practical self and its inherent limitations. It pulls you out of the film, as on account of having been made in 2002, the CGI looks gooey and unrealistic, to the point of looking worse than the practical puppet and immediately pulling you out of the story; the early 00s/late 90s, serving as a time when nascent computer graphics were good enough to compliment but rarely able to support an entire narrative, and while George Lucas did it well with the Star Wars re-releases, this 20th Anniversary is abysmal. Having noted to my girlfriend about how strange it was that Agents were holding walkie talkies rather than guns, I discovered that these were digitally added for the re-release.\nI kept thinking of all the other 80s sci-fi kids movies I\u2019ve seen - D.A.R.Y.L., The Explorers (link), War Games - and while all of these are great in their own way, Spielberg is such a master with the camera, showing us so much and telling us so little. The great films are the one\u2019s whose images are burned into your mind; where before you press play they roll through and you grow excited to revisit them once again. To think that this film really only takes place in three locations - the school, the house, and the forest - and yet is able to feel so large and expansive is a testament to his expertise. By looking to the minute and showing it\u2019s majesty, we are able to discover a much larger world than there actually is. Like a child who might only know their house and their relatives and the few blocks around their neighborhood, observing it as the entire world, where all other places they see are fantastical, Spielberg is able to put us into the mind of a child. It is not just a film about an alien, so much as allowing us to witness a story from the child\u2019s point of view, without the pandering or condescension, with complete respect - except for the 20th Anniversary Edition.\nBELOW: One of the greatest hooks in a kid's film; Stranger Things has much to learn\nPlease report any spelling, grammar, or factual errors or corrections on our contact page\n\u00a9 Jonathan Cvack and Yellow Barrel, 2015 - 2020. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site\u2019s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Jon Cvack and Yellow Barrel with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.", "What is the purpose of the legislation proposed by Illinois lawmakers regarding state employees' paychecks", "provided DNS servers, Google\u2019s DNS servers were still showing the old IP for bigguyonstuff.com because the record had an hour Time-to-Live (TTL) and still had about 50 minutes left. I did a search for a way to flush Google\u2019s public DNS cache and was surprised to find out that it does exist. If you\u2019re ever in that situation and want to help ensure that your DNS records update quickly, you can use this service. I know Google isn\u2019t the only DNS service in town, but it is a huge player. The proper way would be to shorten your TTL before you make the move, but we were in a crunch here and didn\u2019t have time.\nThanks for Your Support!\nThe other Big Guys and I thank you for your support during this change, but I think you will find that it was for the better. Even as I am writing this post, I am enjoying how much faster it is than our old site. While we were at it, we even found this new awesome theme. I like it much better than the last. Let us know what you think. Also, do yourself a favor if you are in the web hosting hunt and check out DreamHost!", "What steps did the development team take to improve the user interface in VersionOne's latest release", "What type of quilt was pieced for a couple in West Branch", "How does having beautiful hair and a good hairstyle affect self-confidence and success in everyday life", "What activities do the children engage in at the library", "What is the new web hosting provider that the site has switched to", "What breed does Muffins resemble according to the text, and how is she described in relation to purebred cats", "ording and mixing drums for years, both myself and other drummers. Also, I've also been using Pro Tools for the best part of a decade, so editing takes together/fine editing takes me less time than an OSD who is new to DAWs. I've always been fascinated by drum sounds as well as drum patterns, and am constantly researching how my favourite drum sounds were made. I'm a massive drum and technology geek basically!\"\nWhat sort of projects do you find yourself doing most often?\n\"I would say that 80 percent of it is singer songwriters, 10 percent producers, and 10 percent bands who don't currently have a drummer. The majority of all of it unsigned. I have to say I've been really impressed by the quality of material from unsigned artists. I thought I'd be having to play on some really ropey stuff, but the quality is consistently high.\"\nHow and how often do you advertise?\n\"At the moment, I'm not advertising much as I'm not looking to do the OSDing full time, due to engineering commitments. I find I have enough work coming in through google search, word of mouth, and most importantly repeat business from existing customers.\"\nWhere do you record?\n\"I have a smaller studio in Brighton I use for most jobs. It's quite a small room, 10 x 12, but its been acoustically treated well enough to sound great, so a carefully positioned room mic adds a great tone. I spend a great deal of time there getting the drum sound right for each different track. I really try and avoid getting Drumagog out and doing sample replacement, I believe its worth taking time out to get the drum sound right, rather than fixing in the mix! And then I have my more expensive option, which is when I dry hire a friends studio in East London called The Way. It's a fantastic studio full of vintage mics, amazing outboard, 2\" tape and a 1970s Neve 8078 desk, as used by Neil Young, Led Zep etc.\"\nWhat inspires you with your videos? The one on your front page in particular is absolutelyincredible! Nice, short and action-packed. How do you choose the songs?\n\"Thank you! I realised from Tim's advice, the first thing I needed to do was make some videos, and I needed the one on the front page to have real impact. I've always loved The Dirtchamber Sessions mix album by Liam Howlett, so many great soul / funk / rock / hip-hop tracks! So I cut a 15 minute sequence from that down to 5 minutes and played along. The full 5 minutes is on my videos page, the last 50 seconds on the front page. A lot of people said it looks a lot of fun to play to, it really was!\"\nYou also have an angle that no other OSD seems to be promoting - the 'vintage' option. Tell us about that?\n\"Yup, that is my more expensive option at The Way studio. Obviously at \u00a3150 a track, this is one of the most expensive OSDing rates out there, but it's still cheaper than renting a studio of that calibre, an engineer, and a drummer for the day! I dont get a huge amount of bookings for that option, a lot of enquiries, but I do find a lot of people settle for the cheaper option. Hopefully if and when the economy picks up, I'll see a lot more people being able to justify the expensive option. I'm guessing that's quite a long way off though!\"\nWhat are your plans for your drumming and music in the future?\n\"At the moment I'm happy building up the OSDing slowly, at the moment I'm averaging one (long) day a week, I'd like to build that up to two a week soon. I'd also like to get back into playing live more, I did a few festivals this year, but would love to go off on a few tours next year.\"\nWhere can people find out more about you?\n\"My website (which is due a major overhaul!) is at www.online-drums.com. There's also bits and pieces that pop up if you google me. And of course, people are more than welcome to drop me an email if they want a chat.\"\nTo get a copy of Tim's book 'Paid to Play Drums: The World of Online Session Drumming and How to Get Started' go to www.PaidtoPlayDrums.com, where you can also download the first chapter free.", "What are some of the benefits of having a qualified mortgage broker review your existing mortgage", "Illinois lawmakers are preparing legislation to ensure that state employees continue receiving paychecks if a judge agrees with the attorney general's argument that their pay should be halted during the budget impasse.\nRepublican Rep. Avery Bourne and Democratic Rep. Sue Scherer introduced similar measures Wednesday to keep paychecks flowing in response to a motion filed by Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan last week.\nM", "What is one of the features of the HUROM Citrus Juicer mentioned in the text", "MARQUETTE - Gov. Rick Snyder signed changes in Michigan's high school graduation rules Wednesday that will allow students to meet some math and foreign language requirements through materials woven into certain technical and arts classes.\nOne provision gives students the flexibility to meet the algebra II credit by taking welding or another career tech class with the mathematics content embedded in it.\n\"We want to make sure students have options for career-oriented courses that include material from rigorous subjects and that maintain high educational standards,\" Snyder said in a statement. \"Career-technical classes play an important role in developing talent and helping open opportunities for students for jobs of today and tomorrow.\"\nMichigan also currently requires students to complete two years of a foreign language. But under the provision signed by Snyder, students for the next six years will be able to fulfill half the requirement in a career tech or art class.\nPlus, there will be flexibility for students who need one year of health and physical education: They can take a half-credit of health and count extracurricular activities as a half-credit in gym.\nThe legislation was sponsored by state Rep. Ed McBroom, R-Vulcan, who also worked closely with other Michigan legislators to get it passed.\n\"The current high school curriculum credit requirements are very rigid and students can struggle to find room for elective classes and those that can lay a foundation for a future career interest,\" McBroom said in a news release. \"It's been said over and over, as nice a goal as attending college is, there are so many reasons and variables that it doesn't work out for all students. It's important that everybody be able to find an education path that suits their needs and interests, and by modifying the merit curriculum this little bit, more students will be able to find that success.\"\nDuring a recent taping of Media Meet, state Rep. John Kivela, D-Marquette, said the legislation allows Michigan to better prepare its kids for their future.\n\"Everywhere we went, we kept hearing the term, 'Well, why are y", "What role does the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) play in executing Java programs", "eived and easy on the ear.\nThe second half by contrast was a spectacular showcase for Ball\u2019s powerful voice. At the top of his range he is truly unbeatable and the songs chosen, a selection of the cream of the crop from a career spanning nearly thirty years, had the crowd in his thrall, the cheers getting louder and more sustained as the night drew to a close. Ball is a man who truly knows how to work a crowd and present a show tailored for maximum effect and to give maximum enjoyment. He ended the night with the tune that earned him his place in the nation\u2019s affections Love Changes Everything with the crowd on its feet roaring for more.\nWith an innate ability to read a crowd, Ball then returned to keep the party going with a rousing encore, which included his Eurovision hit One Step Out of Time replete with cheesy, audience-participation dance moves.\nA phenomenal performer, a stupendous voice and a true gent \u2013 thoroughly recommended.", "Why does the author dislike puzzles", "Turku took the year 2011 offering to the opening of the Capital of Culture Maribor\nThe 2011 European Capital of Culture Turku has a high profile in the opening of one the two Capitals of Culture in 2012, Maribor. Turku took various films and circus art, and electronic music from the Turku Capital of Culture year 2011 to Maribor, Slovenia at the opening weekend 13\u201315 January 2012.\nOn Friday night 13 January in Maribor, circus Sirkus Sudenkuoppa from Turku performed fire acrobatics both at the gallery and in the centre of Maribor. The evening continued at the Turku 2011 Night Moves club, where multi-instrumentalist Jimi Tenor and DJ Esko Routamaa performed, as well as Digital Delight from Maribor.\nAlso on Friday, films related to the Turku Capital of Culture year were shown for the first time at the opening of the new Vetrinje Mansion Gallery in Maribor. The films are played on several screens simultaneously, and they will be on display until the beginning of February.\nAt the film exhibition, the biggest role is played by the three short films related to the Contemporary Art Archipelago art exhibition. In the films by artists Tellervo Kalleinen and Oliver Kochta-Kalleinen and film-maker Henrik Andersson the islanders themselves have filmed the dreams and fears they have about the future of the archipelago.\nThe famous film of Documentary Director Jouko Aaltonen's Battle over Turku is also shown. It was well received all over Finland and also on television after the opening nig", "Throughout these blogs we have talked about you. Your rights. Your responsibilities. Your choices. Your life.\nIt is necessary to remember, though, that everything we have discussed applies to everyone. This means, that if you are in a committed relationship, your partner is just as important as you are. The life he wants is just as important as the life you want. Not more important, but as important.\nI think a committed relationship should be an equal partnership. Each person should work equally hard, take on equal responsibility, and give as much support as he or she expects to receive. It is necessary for both people to work together to determine how their life together will meet their", "If you\u2019ve been following along at home you know we just pushed out a brand new UI with our latest release. It\u2019s been an arduous road these past few months but we are quite proud of the results. As VersionOne\u2019s new UI guy I was brought on board for this very task and I can say I am very impressed at how the development team stepped up to the task and got it done in such a small amount of time.\nSure there are some rough spots here and there but we had to set priorities and we placed our most used and most desirable features to the forefront. From the new \u201cDetails\u201d lightbox approach to the simplified look of the grids we have approached every area with great consideration, and even a bit of user testing.\nTo help you understand just what it took to get where we are today I wanted to touch on the process we used as we carefully approached each section with changes so here goes.\nStep 1: We identify the strengths and weaknesses of the section in an overarching view (to assess whether the current approach is best or if this feature/item needs some re-thinking) keeping in mind that we don\u2019t want to recreate (if needed) the feature/item in a way that would alienate current users.\nStep 2: We decide on what to add, take out or leave alone (if it ain\u2019t broke\u2026).\nStep 3: Now we assess what we can and can\u2019t accomplish via usability, look and feel and technical (code improvements \u2013 this", "Church and prepared to march.\nFunding for global AIDS work is declining\u2014even though current programs are working, and antiretroviral drugs are keeping people healthier.\nDespite all the attention given to remembering the al-Qaeda attacks of September 11, 2001, little attention has been given to one conspicuous aspect--the event has no name", "What range of problems do polio survivors face after developing Post-Polio Syndrome (PPS) decades after recovering from poliomyelitis", "What do wives of husbands experience that motivates their concern for their husband's health", "Director: Steven Spielberg\nWriter: Melissa Mathison\nCinematographer: Allen Daviau\nby Jon Cvack\nI\u2019ve seen this movie more times than I can remember in my youth. It\u2019s a film where rather than remembering the details of the story I recall images and fragments - the Reece\u2019s Pieces, Elliot showing off his toys and fish, the ghost costume, the frogs being released, the opening dialogue between the brothers and their friends, and the frightening introduction, as with no dialogue at all, trucks roll into the forest, dozens of men exit, searching for the creature, running aggressively through the woods. It took a long time for me to revisit the movie and as I\u2019ve said before and I\u2019ll say again, it was only after making a film that I\u2019ve grown to appreciate the genius craft of great films.\nTake for instance the fact that, with the exception of Elliot\u2019s mom, Mary (Dee Wallace), we do not see a single adult face for the majority of the film. We see adult bodies and fractions of their heads, but oftentimes the voices occur offscreen. Having seen this film over a dozen times or so, I can\u2019t believe I never noticed this fact. Only at about the 90 minute mark, as the third act roles, as we feel strangely threatened by other adults, do we get introduced to \u201cKeys\u201d (Peter Coyote) - the man who is always shown running through the forest with a heavy set of keys hanging from his waist, discovering that he was just as intent on saving E.T., and that there was no reason for suspicion.\nI now believe that this was the reason the movie resonated so heavy with so many kids - as it treated them honestly, as they swore and make crude jokes, never allowing an adult in their world, except for the mom who understood them. The absence of other adults seems to work at the subconscious level - just as Elliot and his siblings hide within their rooms to keep E.T. away from their mother, we feel like we\u2019re secluded from the adults in our lives while watching the film; in a shared dark space, enjoying a story that they couldn\u2019t possibly understand. I\u2019m not sure what it was about the way E.T. ate the Reese's pieces, or how Elliot showed off his Star Wars figures, or the shark chomper that he dips into the water, only that it got so far into the details of what\u2019s important in a pre-teen's world.\nMy girlfriend and I watched the 20th Anniversary Edition, which might be one of the most tragic victims in attempting to update a film that didn\u2019t need any polishing. We now see a computer generated E.T. whose entire ma", "- Real Estate\nIt pays to regularly review your mortgage\nCurrent Australian mortgage interest rates are at 30 year lows. Typically, Australian expatriates once overseas rarely review their mortgage arrangements; usually on the presumption that is just \"too much of a hassle\" and, particularly if they are on variable mortgages, presume that their mortgage payments will remain competitive. This is sometimes true, but more often not if you have been overseas for a considerable period.\nBanks rely on consumer inertia, when in fact arranging a review of your mortgage and refinancing is neither difficult or costly - mortgage broker fees in Australia are paid by the banks and in fact some banks are currently offering refinance rebates which will often more than cover the refinancing costs. Compare the mortgage product below, avai", "om this.\nThank you, you have been spot on!\nI wanted to give it a week (since the memorial service) and then resume contact. Is that too long, too short? Perhaps, a question for the lawyer?\nI am very concerned about the horse as well as the family & want to handle this as correcltly as possible. Thank you.", "What accusations were made against both Eugene's confessions and the interrogation methods used by the police", ".. thanks for sharing. I like your photos. They made me smile.\nMuffins looks like a grey/brown spotted, semi-longhaired tabby random bred cat to me.\nIn other words she has no connection to a purebred cat but please don't take that the wrong way - Muffins is gorgeous and as good as any purebred cat. See What breed is my cat?\nShe doesn't really look like any purebred cat but there is some resemblance to the American Shorthair or British Shorthair as both these cats are firmly based on random bred cats. They are shorthaired cats though and Muffins look like a semi-longhaired cat.\nSometimes random bred cats can have some of the genes of purebred cats. For instance in Malta, a few of Martha's rescue cats have the Turkish Van markings. See Duchess on this page: Introducing Martha Kane's Cats", "What can happen if someone submits spam or nonsensical stories to FML", "What is the primary focus of the recent legislation discussed in the text", "What steps are taken to develop and refine new features within the app", "What song did Ball finish his performance with that is significant in earning him his place in the nation's affections", "What is the name of the author's kitten", "nocence Project were caused by false confessions.\nThe truth is that 93% of false confessors are men. 65% are under 25 years of age.\nThe truth is, multiple false confessions to the same crime were obtained in 30% of the cases, wherein one false confession was used to prompt others.\nThe truth is, the majority of people polled believe that a person would \u201cnever\u201d or \u201calmost never\u201d confess to a crime they had not committed.\nThe truth is, most of us are blessed enough to have never had our psyche tested to that point. We are lucky that we do not know firsthand what it feels like to be interrogated for murder, and in reality we do not know how we would respond.\nTHE TRUTH IS OUT THERE, JUST LOOK FOR IT.\nREAD EUGENE\u2019S INTERROGATION HERE. For most of the interview, Eugene thinks they are trying to bust him for hooking a friend with weed, and doesn\u2019t actually know what they are questioning him about. Remember that the \u201cevidence\u201d the police are citing is fictional, that Eugene is extremely intoxicated, and scared. Do your best to put yourself in HIS shoes.\nREAD WHAT EXPERTS HAVE TO SAY ABOUT FALSE CONFESSIONS HERE, HERE, and HERE, in their sites dedicated to the topic. Also, read HERE in Scientific American, HERE in the Economist, or HERE in the Huffington Post.\nIf that is not enough, Google it. Look it up on Wikipedia. Look anywhere \u2013 what you will find is the suprising truth about lies. Stay tuned to hear what Eugene himself has to say about the experience.", "What steps should you take to clean the Hayward 3600 DE Filter and ensure it is properly reassembled", "What is JVM?\nJVM is an acronym for Java Virtual Machine. A Java Virtual Machine is an abstract machine that enables your computer to run a Java program. Without JVM, no Java program or application can be executed. It is the heart of the Java programming language. When we run a Java program, the Java compiler first compiles your Java code as tiny pieces of code known as bytecode. Then, the JVM translates bytecode into machine code (set of instructions that a computer's CPU executes directly).\nIt is important to know that the JVM is the reason that Java is a platform-independent language. This is because when you write Java code or program, it's ultimately written for JVM and not the physical computer or device you're using. However, it is equally important to know that JVM also depends on the Operating System (OS) of your device for core java functions like memory management, garbage collection, security, etc.\nThe JVM performs the following main tasks:\nProvides runtime environment\nWhat is JRE?\nJRE is an acronym for Java Runtime Environment. A Java Runtime Environment is a software package that provides Java class libraries, along with Java Virtual Machine (JVM), and other components to run applications written in Java programming. It does not contain any development tools such as com", "What was the focus of the first and second halves of Michael Ball's concert at the Glasgow Clyde Auditorium", "You are currently browsing the daily archive for May 12, 2009.\nFirst this, . . . from a certain waterblogger I tandempost with, about a Saturday gathering.\nThe Dann Ocean towing boat below bore no identifying info. At first I wondered if it was Allie B returned from Romania, but it seemed smaller than Allie B. An erudite reader helped me identify it. Answer follows.\nHere\u2019s another shot, with Dorothy Elizabeth on the Staten Island side.\nI posted Outrageous a year ago here moving a barge on the hip westbound on the East River. Just today, thanks to Bob Beegle on the tugboats yahoo group I learned it\u2019s the ex-Maya \u201cbuilt in 1981 by Dravo Steelship for Apex Towing Company (Apex Oil), as a shallow draft tug capable of working both inland and", "Whether at your local grocery store or favorite lunch spot, you\u2019ve probably noticed that fresh juices are everywhere and more popular than ever. Why is everyone so obsessed? Because juice straight from the fruit or vegetable contains the most vitamins, minerals and fiber. Get this: an 8 oz. cup of fresh juice can contain more servings of fruits and vegetables than you would eat in one sitting.\nThe health benefits of fresh juice are great, but the prices at some of these trendy juice shops? Not so much. If you\u2019ve ever visited one, then you know these juices can set you back as much as $10 for a single cup. Good for your health, bad for your budget.\nLuckily, I found a way to", "What are the primary types of projects the individual works on, and what is the percentage distribution of those projects", "in which they exist. That means they include the contradictions, disagreements, differences of opinion and political perspectives of those larger societies. Churches, clerics, etc thus display the whole range of all those differences. All churches are not the same, not even close. In most cases, church members share some but not all the values of their particular institution, their particular cleric, etc. Church members likewise have all sorts of disagreements among themselves. Basically because of some basic shared values, our arrangement with the Judson Memorial Church has been very successful in reaching out to (by now) thousands of attendees at our monthly evening presentations and sharing with them our economic analyses. I believe that this has been mutually beneficial to the church, to us, and to our shared values", "is of course very important for developer sanity but more importantly app performance) given a reasonable time frame and avoiding scope creep.\nStep 4: We begin feeding out these ideas at first internally within our teams to assess value and traction.\nStep 5: We develop the feature/page/item etc. and test, test, test!\nStep 6: Now we put the feature/page/item before a set of users both internally and from clients who agreed to provide users for feedback and user testing purposes, as well as using it ourselves to see how it feels in our on process.\nStep 7: We refine the feature/page/item based on feedback and experience.\nStep 8: Rinse and repeat.\nI think for me the toughest part of this process was letting go of some usability enhancements to make sure we had a consistent UI across the product. There just wasn\u2019t enough time to do everything we wanted to do but it was important that every page look like it was part of the app since this was a key goal at the start. That\u2019s not to say we didn\u2019t get some great stuff in there we just didn\u2019t get to do everything\u2026just yet.\nGoing forward however I am seeking to improve every area following the steps above to bring you improved performance, less steps to accomplish your tasks and an app that makes you just feel good using it.\nAre we finished? Not if I can help it Look for more great changes over the next releases and into the future", "|Adaptive Interoperability of Multiple Heterogeneous Agents\nTo enable requester agents to find provider agents in environments with heterogeneous and dynamic information services, we have developed middle agents which serve to increase agent interoperability.\n|Reusable Environment for Task Structured Intelligent Network Agents (RE", "ease from the UK.\n\"Now as people who had polio are getting older, their bodies are getting worse,\" said Joe Fisher, 84, who helps run the Newcastle British Polio Fellowship and had polio himself in 1945.\n\"Polio leaves people with various degrees of disability and they cope over the years but eventually something has to give. There are problems breathing, aches and pains, and even with sleeping and eating, all as a result of the damage done during the polio attack.\"\nExperts believe the cause of PPS is the degeneration of motor neurons - or the death of individual nerve terminals in the motor units that remain long after the original polio attack.\nThe onset of PPS is usually gradual and takes place over several years. It can also be very unpredictable. Its onset often occurs following a physical or emotional trauma, illness or accident.\nAmong the symptoms of PPS are muscle weakness, breathing difficulties, and general fatigue.\nFrequently, symptoms occur in muscles affected by the original polio. Sometimes they also appear in muscles that were not previously affected by the polio attack.\nOther complications associated with the illness include neuropathies, trapped nerves, arthritis, and muscle atrophy - known as Post-Polio Muscular Atrophy (PPMA).\nDiagnosis can take some time as a range of other medical conditions share similar symptoms. At present there is no way of preventing PPS and former polio sufferers need to be alert to changes in their bodies.\nSeveral drugs are being studied in the hopes they will provide relief from some of its symptoms.\nThe British Polio Fellowship recommends a wide range of non-drug based measures - including physical and occupational therapy, as well as strengthening, stretching, and aerobic exercises.\nIt's important that former polio sufferers make sure they have a healthy lifestyle, eat a balanced diet and avoid weight gain which can aggravate stress on muscles and joints.\nWho to contact\nBritish Polio Fellowship: visit www.britishpolio.org.uk or call 0800 0180586. For the Newcastle branch contact Joe Fisher, (0191) 2847115. It holds regular meetings at the Woodland Mews Centre, beside St George's Church in Jesmond.\nPost-Polio Health International: visit www.post-polio.org\nPolio Experience Network: visit www.polionet.org", "How many authors named Jane Roberts are mentioned in the text and what are their professions or notable characteristics", "What are some common symptoms and complications associated with Post-Polio Syndrome (PPS) according to Joe Fisher's statement", "How do middle agents help requester agents in heterogeneous environments", "etworks is to say mean and outrageous things. This usually means picking on defenceless people and in my opinion this is where the bullies and bullying should be curbed.\nObviously I love having my say and having a blog allows me to do that. After blogging for two years I can honestly say that this week was the first time I could not and would not give a public opinion of a headline which had the whole world talking, judging and even passing sentence. Yes! I have an opinion and I\u2019m waiting to have my say but this time I\u2019ll just sit it out. After all opinion has never counted as fact not as far as I know anyway. Oscar Pistorius deserves his day in court in this case I think I\u2019ll let the courts decide.\nFact: A young woman has lost her life in the most tragic of circumstances. Rest in peace Reeva Steenkamp!", "f. You can also get coverage for the lower unit of your outboard motor and/or both upper & lower unit coverage for your sterndrive motor, on-water towing, fishing equipment coverage and wreckage removal. Some policies offer agreed value and/or total loss replacement coverage as well. There are other additional insurance options such as Med Pay, Uninsured Boater Bodily Injury and personal property coverage.\nAs with any insurance policy, it is always wise to document (with photos or videos) the contents and equipment on your boat (trolling motor, life preserves, fishing equipment, depth finders, etc.)\nSome boat policies will cover theft of items such as those listed above, but in most instances, there must be evidence of forced entry (EX: the closed and locked compartments pried open).\nAnother good reason to insure your boat is the discount(s) that may be available to you for multi or companion (or bundling) policies (EX: boat & auto; home and boat, etc.)\nAbove are several reasons to properly insure your boat, motor, trailer and contents. Don\u2019t wait until there\u2019s an incident, call us today and let us get\u2019cha covered!\nUntil next time, take care and be an informed boater!\nTommy Curtis and Staff\nIs an insurance agent with integrity and your best interest in mind. Call to speak directly to him.\nAddress: 509 7th Street\nLake Charles, LA 70601\nOffice Hours: M-F 9a - 5p (CST)", "What is the difference between an equal partnership and a double standard in relationships", "What type of garage does the home have, and how ready is the home for occupancy", "How have the differing values and opinions within church communities influenced the arrangement with the Judson Memorial Church", "lt with, corrected, absorbed. But a significant time ripple that is unchecked can become a Cascade. And six Cascades combine to become a Time Tsunami.\nThat would be the end of our timeline. And our existence.\nTo achieve its goal, the Shadow attacks six points in time simultaneously; the same date, in different years.\nThe Time Patrol\u2019s job to keep our timeline intact.\nThe Time Patrol sends an agent back to each of those six dates to keep history the same.\nThe Time Patrol series comes out of the Nightstalkers series, where that team becomes the Time Patrol. Here is the order of books", "pages of the website. That\u2019s a start.\nToday, my family gathered to pray. It was my brother's turn to pray and he ended with this, \"...and help Chev that he does not become the disappointment everyone expects him to be. Amen.\" I looked on in shock as my entire family nodded and said \"Amen\" in agreement. Hi, I'm Chev. FML\nTuesday 3 March 2015", "What type of ingredients are recommended for hair care products according to the text", "What are some examples of boats mentioned in the text along with their notable features or histories", "lable as at March 2016, and contrast it to your own arrangements to ensure that you remain competitive.\n- Interest Rate - 4.49%\n- Ongoing Fee - $Nil\n- Loan Establishment Fee - $100\n- Interest Only Repayments available (if required)\n- Additional Repayments can be made at any time with no penalty\n- 100% Offset Account Available\nIt costs absolutely nothing, apart from some time, to have a qualified mortgage broker review your existing mortgage and to ensure it is competitive - the savings can be quite considerable and can result ineither lower monthly payments or an ability to pay off loans faster. Many expatriates also qualify for professional packages which were not been available or overlooked at the time loans were established. There are no fees associated with the service, the lender pays all broker fees in Australia.", "What happens when six Cascades combine according to the text", "ou trying to dumb down the standards?' and I finally snapped at one committee meeting and I said, you know, I find that personally insulting,\" said Kivela, who co-sponosred the legislation. \"I was a mechanic for 20 years, OK? It's not dumbing down. It's about giving people choices.\"\nMedia Meet will air at 6:30 p.m. Saturday on WNMU Public TV 13 and again at 2:30 p.m. Sunday.\n\"Some of the changes in the bills are things that already were allowed through guidance we provided to local school districts, and were being done by many districts already,\" state Education Department spokesman Martin Ackley told The Associated Press in an email. He said changes included embedding the higher-level math content into vocational and technical classes and allowing for foreign language credits before ninth grade.\n\"These bills put those things into state law, which we feel is fine,\" Ackley said. \"We certainly support the greater focus on the importance of career and technical programs for students across Michigan, and the need to teach higher-level math and science content in those programs.\"\nSome education groups had criticized the bills earlier this year, saying that the provisions would water down Michigan's strict high school graduation requirements.\n\"As principals, we've been advocates from the start to maintain high standards,\" Wendy Zdeb-Roper, executive director of the Michigan Association of Secondary School Principals, told MLive.com earlier this month. \"Every principal of a comprehensive high school has (career and technical) programs under their roof. We're able to make it work for students to complete the Michigan Merit Curriculum and get them in those ... programs.\"\nBut House Education Committee chair Lisa Posthumus Lyons said the measures boost Michigan's career education programs.\n\"This legislation is about training a 21st-century workforce,\" Lyons, R-Alto, said. \"Michigan students are diverse in interest and personality and this legislation gives these students the best possible options to pursue the type of education best suited for them.\"\nJackie Stark can be reached at 906-228-2500, ext. 242.", "What is experiencing a decline in funding despite successful programs indicating effectiveness", "ans I don't have to drag ours out. That is right, I admit it--I am a puzzle hater. Not because I don't like putting puzzles together because I do. BUT because my kids carry the puzzle pieces all over the house and I can not stand to have a missing puzzle piece so I HAVE to spend half a day hunting down the lost pieces. Confession over.\nWe love the library and think it is a great way to beat the heat. We will continue to go back even though yesterday we had to leave after I was thoroughly humiliated because my kids had a yelling-at-the-top-of-their-lungs-tug-of-war-throw-down over a Max and Ruby book. I hope God used it to give someone else a laugh! Ha", "We like to meet friends there too. And read together, too.\nIsn't this precious??\nAnd big friends read to little friends. A whole lot of sweetness happens at the library. (:\nAnd then we also play with puzzles.\nAnd put puzzles together with our friends.\nAnd then we also play on the computer. Mostly Dora. Lilly refuses to wear the earphones so I usually have to wear them and tell her what to do or just let her play all willy-nilly on it.\nShe is so focused!\nReid is checking out the puzzle piece like, \"What do I do with this?\"\nWatching big sister to see what she does with her...\nTo be honest, I love going to the library to play with puzzles because that me", "What changes did Gov. Rick Snyder sign into Michigan's high school graduation rules regarding math and foreign language requirements", "What specific conditions is Epidiolex approved to treat, and what is the minimum age for patients using it", "Most finance companies will require boats to be insured throughout the length of the loan. However, many folks discontinue their insurance once that is paid off and some who buy their boat outright never think to insure it.\nMany people operate under the misconception that between their auto and home insurance, their boat, motor, trailer and contents are covered.\nThe average homeowner insurance policy will offer limited liability coverage for a boat that is 14\u2019 or less with 25hp or smaller motor. However that will not cover in the instance of an oil or fuel spill, and there is no coverage for theft of the boat, motor or trailer. Be sure and check with your agent to see what is / is not covered under your homeowner policy when it comes to your boat.\nNow, your auto policy is a bit different. If the boat is being towed, the liability portion of your auto coverage will extend to pay for damages done by you. (Ex: you back into a vehicle with your trailer) However, damages to your boat/motor/trailer are not covered by the Comprehensive/Collision coverage on your auto policy.\nIf you own and operate a boat, it is wise to properly insure your boat, motor, trailer and contents.\nA good boat policy will offer liability which protects the other people in the case of injuries due to a boating accident in which you are at fault and physical damage coverage to protect the boat itsel", "Have your say!\nThese three words have become an invitation for people the world over to unleash their every thought and opinion. I seem to have this incurable problem of always having to read the comments section whether on news sites, blogs, facebook and even trends on twitter. I\u2019m always so interested to read people\u2019s thoughts because I think it usually says much about the individual whether or not they realise it. This incessant need to be right and in some cases to just be rude really intrigues me every time. Countless usually faceless people criticising the way people look as if you could magically change your physical appearance. Does it really hurt that much to say something positive or just say nothing at all? Apparently not because it seems the quickest way to get noticed these days on social n", "What determines the identity of the towing boat mentioned in the text", "What does the author suggest about Spielberg's filmmaking technique in relation to depicting a child's perspective in the mentioned film", "s in the big blue/white blocks (kind of hard to see these) and lots of continuous curve. All free motion/rule work (no computer on his Nolting). Made me kind of wish I'd made one of these for me when he finished it! Enjoy", "Some of you frequent visitors (We have those? Thanks mom!) might have noticed the site looks different. Well, we hit a little snag with our web hosting. In the past you might have experienced the site occasionally being slow or not available at all. Unfortunately, Namecheap\u2019s EasyWP (WordPress as a service) just didn\u2019t work out for us. I still completely stand by my claim that Namecheap is awesome as a domain registrar, but I can no longer support their hosting service, at least their EasyWP service.\nOut with the Old. In with the New.\nAfter consulting with one of the other Big Guys, we ended up landing on DreamHost as our new web hosting provider. So far everything has been outstanding. Once I got past an initial, minor snag, setup was a breeze. I wasn\u2019t going to move it over until this weekend, but sometime in the middle of the day, my other server just stopped responding again, so I flipped the switch. Once all the DNS stuff finished updating, we were back in business. And, it\u2019s so FAST!\nSpeaking of DNS\nWhen I pointed my domain at the new,", "TSINA)\nAn architecture for developing distributed intelligent software agents that cooperate asynchronously to perform goal-directed information retrieval and information integration in support of a varie\n|The Robotics Institute is part of the School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University.|\nContact Us | Update Instruction", "I pieced this queens-sized quilt for a couple here in West Branch. I had fun working with them to pick out the fabrics and design they wanted to use. Moda in Summer Breezes I and II were used. Kevin quilted feather wreath", "e x-ray photographs from head to foot. The doctor who has kept step with the great discoveries in medicine can sometimes learn im portant things about the condition of the person he is examining, merely by testing the blood or taking the blood pressure. He can often trace the cause of pain in some remote part of the body to infection in a sinus or tonsil. Frequently ail ments of years' standing have been traced to unsuspected infection at the roots of teeth. r 4 Doctors today need not guess. They can S detect trouble and in many cases check S it before it has had time to damage the body greatly. Often their scientific examinations show the beginning of seri ous ailments of which the person ex amined had not the slightest suspicion. Make sure that your dear one has a thorough health examination this month. And why not have one yourself? No better New Year present can be given. cal examinations. These persons were advised to the extent they and their physicians deemed necessary on the proper way to conserve their health. In nine years the saving in mortality in this group was found to be 18 per cent. The Metropolitan has recently prepared a book let containing most important rules for gaining and keeping health. It gives much valuable in formation that tends to make life both long and happy. Send for booklet 19-N. It will be mailed without charge. HALEY FISKE, President. METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY- NEW YORK Biggest in the World,More Assets, More Policyholders, More Insurance inforce, More new Insurance eachyear \"Mention the Geographic-It identifies you.\" \u00a9 1928 . L.1 .CJ", "In addition to this month's article, I also wanted to share with you an interview I did with a fellow UK Online Session Drummer, Matt Snowden. Matt is a great player with an engineering background and I hope you find what he has to say as interesting as I did! I should say that although he's relatively new to Online Session Drumming. Matt is one of the best established drummers in our gang, and has a better set up than me. So if you're reading about his studio (and that Neve desk, hubba hubba) thinking 'blimey, I can't afford THAT', then you don't need to worry. People are doing fine with a fraction of what Matt has at his disposal as well.\nTell us a bit about your background, when you started playing, your background, education etc\n\"I started playing when I was 11 (I'm 33 now)... I'd had a few years of piano lessons from the age of 8, but the moment I had a go on my neighbour's Pearl Export, I knew I'd found the instrument for me! After pestering my parents, I was rewarded with a battered old Premier kit and weekly drum lessons...I carried on with lessons until I was 15, so I had the basic rudiments down, then carried on teaching myself, mainly by listening to records and playing along. I'd play along to my favourite bands, dreaming about playing stadiums and touring the world.\n\"I joined my first proper band soon after starting college (studying Performing Arts), playing the usual mixture of rock covers, but I was also asked to be the resident drummer for a local jam night at a new pub in town that was getting a reputation for live music. \u00a330 a week to turn up with my kit and play with whoever turned up...my first paid drumming work! Out of these jam nights, I was asked to join a soul / funk band, and a year or so later, when I was 17, we got signed! My dream looked like it was coming true.\n\"The next few years were amazing, travelling to London, playing some great venues, recording in some great studios, and meeting famous people, but also a time of learning some very harsh lessons about the music industry. We were in what I would later recognise as 'development hell'. Endless recording and writing and rehearsing, but never getting a record to the point where the record company thought it was ready to release. A combination of frustration with the record company and fractured personal relationships within the band, meant we split up when I was 20, still without having released a single, let alone an album.\n\"So what to do next? I'd made a few contacts to do a little bit of session work, but not enough to make a living. I'd always wondered what the guys on the other side of the studio glass were actually doing, so I decided to do a Music Technology BTEC, which I then followed with a degree at London College Of Music and Media. Since graduating in 2003, (after an initial year of being a runner) my work has been a combination of music engineering / mixing, post production (mixing audio for tv and radio), and drumming! I've been privileged to engineer for the likes of Pete Townshend, Amy Winehouse, Julian Lennon etc, I've been very lucky.\"\nHow long have you been doing the Online Sessions thing? Why did you start?\n\"I've only been doing it six months, and it's all thanks to Tim. I saw one of his adverts on Facebook, got his book, and quickly put together a website. Being both an engineer and a drummer, I can't believe I hadn't thought of doing it before, it's such an obvious way of combining the two skills into a small, profitable business! So thank you Tim!\"\nYou have a quite established engineering background don't you? How has this helped with OSD'ing and how are you exploiting it? In particular, do you think it has affected your 'recording ear'?\n\"It meant I had the infrastructure and skills to hand to make OSDing work for me very quickly. I setup the website beginning of April, and had my first paying customer very shortly after. Obviously I have free or cheap access to studios that a lot of OSDs may not, and I've been rec", "How does the text characterize the relationship between the church and the masses in terms of supporting elites and equality", "What events and projects are highlighted in the Turku Capital of Culture year video compilation", "What aspect of the film's depiction of adults does the author emphasize, particularly regarding Elliot and his siblings", "What are some key features of the colonial home described in the text segment", "Who is the comic book artist and writer identified in the text, and how is he distinguished from the 'Seth' mentioned in childhood channeling through Jane Roberts", "Why is it important to contact your attorney in this situation", "REVIEW: Michael Ball Both Sides Now Tour \u2013 Glasgow Clyde Auditorium\nThere are few who could fail to be charmed by the affable personality of the musical theatre juggernaut that is Michael Ball, and the sold out and very vocal audience at the Clyde Auditorium testify to that.\nThis is a show of two halves, Ball showcasing his new album of pop standards Both Sides Now in the first and his personal musical theatre favourites in the second.\nThe two halves though adding up to a thoroughly enjoyable whole, were unequal in their quality. Had it not been for the sheer charm of the man, the somewhat middle of the road first half, populated with songs from artists as diverse as Dolly Parton and Snow Patrol would have merely been a pleasant excursion into Radio 2 territory. While it\u2019s thoroughly understandable that artists wish to showcase their range, the song choices only sold Ball\u2019s phenomenal talent short. That said, the material was well rec", "What kind of tools are needed to clean a Hayward Grid D.E. filter", "piler, debugger, etc. If you need to run Java programs, but not develop them, Java Runtime Environment is what you need.\nWhat is JDK?\nJDK is an acronym for Java Development Kit. A Java Development Kit is a software development kit used to develop applications in Java. When you download JDK, JRE is also downloaded, and don't need to download it separately. In addition to JRE, JDK also contains several development tools such as compilers, JavaDoc, Java Debugger, etc to develop Java applications.\nWhat is Javac?\nJavac stands for Java compiler. It is the tool that can transform Java programming code to the Java bytecode.\nWhat is Jar?\nJAR is an Abbreviation for Java Archive. It is a ZIP file, which contains compiled Java code(s), and in some cases also contains the source codes of Java programs and applications.\nAs it is a ZIP file, file elements may be compressed, shortening download times. A JAR file allows Java runtimes to efficiently deploy an entire application, including its classes and their associated resources, in a single request.\nWhat are Java libraries?\nA Java library is a set of Java classes that are generally organized and packaged in some coherent manner to promote reuse.\nThe image below may help you understand the difference between JDK, JRE, JVM, and other Java Components", "What was recommended in the approval of research protocol licenses concerning cannabis beyond demonstrating its medical use", "cques-E\u2560\u00fcmile Blanche\n(7) Roberts, Jane T. - Crisp Apfelstrudels and Schnitzel with Noodles\n(8) Jane M.E. (Muriel Ellis) Roberts, Research for Better Schools, Inc., Philadelphia, 25 Prewriting Graphic Organizers...\nAlso, please note that the comic book artist and writer, Seth, whose real name is Gregory Gallant, is NOT the same \"Seth\" who was said to be the entity channeling through Jane Roberts in the Seth book series", "What are the reasons given by Madigan and Bourne regarding the importance of addressing state workers' pay in the context of ongoing budget negotiations", "A well-groomed, healthy hair is one of the most important external features that greatly influences our well-being, and our image of our own appearance. With beautiful hair and a cleverly chosen hairstyle, we can feel that we are almost reborn, our self-confidence is strengthened, so we can be more successful in our everyday life as well.\nRegular grooming and careful selection of hair care products will go a long way in preserving the beauty of our hair in the long run. It is important t", "What are the health benefits of consuming fresh juice according to the text", "individual desires and goals. It may take some negotiating.\nThe opposite of an equal partnership is a double standard. That is where it is all about one person and about what that one person wants. If you are in a double standard relationship, and it is all about him, can you change things? If not, is it worth staying in that relationship? If you are in a double standard relationship, and it is all about you, remember that he has the same rights as you do and can leave you. You might want to make changes before that happens.\nAn equal partnership is a beautiful relationship. I recommend that you always remember that your partner, and what he wants, is as important as you, and what you want", "What do the three words 'Have your say!' invite people to do", "What were the family members praying for specifically regarding Chev", "therapeutic use of cannabis and its components, Gottlieb said, including recommending the approval of several hundred research protocol licenses for research into cannabis or components isolated from cannabis.\n\u201cResearch to demonstrate that marijuana or its components could be safe and effective in the treatment of medical disorders should be held to the same standard as other drug compounds,\u201d he said.\nAlthough legal to possess in some US states, cannabis is currently listed under Schedule 1 of the US federal government\u2019s Controlled Substances Act, which is reserved for drugs that are considered to have \u201cno currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse\u201d.\nThe FDA approval of Epidiolex comes less than a week after Sajid Javid, the UK home secretary, announced that the government would consider whether medical cannabis ought to be rescheduled from Schedule 1 in the UK. The government also announced that an expert panel of clinicians, led by Sally Davies, England\u2019s chief medical officer, would be set up to advise the government on individual applications for cannabis prescriptions.\nThe Royal Pharmaceutical Society has written to the Home Office in support of rescheduling, saying that \u201cmoving cannabis to Schedule 2 \u2026 would give pharmaceutical scientists greater freedom to research its potential medicinal uses and to carry out clinical trials.\u201d Javid has said that if the review identifies significant medical benefits, then he intends to reschedule cannabis.\nIn the UK, the cannabis-derived medicine Sativex \u2014 also developed by GW Pharmaceuticals \u2014 has been licensed since 2010 for the treatment of spasticity in multiple sclerosis.\nCitation: The Pharmaceutical Journal DOI: 10.1211/PJ.2018.20205071\nRecommended from Pharmaceutical Press", "What is TSINA, and what purpose does it serve in the context of the Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon University", "National Geographic : 1929 Jan\nJust One Thing \"Do you remember, you said you would give me anything I wanted for a New Tear's present? Well, what I want is something for you as well as for me... . Is it a promise?\" THERE is one thing that every wife who loves her husband wants above anything else-that he may have good health and a long life. How many thousands of wives there are who are haunted by a secret fear that their husbands are not entirely well-who steal glances, when the other is off guard, in ra effort to discover the cause of that constant dragging weariness, those too frequent headaches, those mysterious fleeting pains. Almost every woman knows that sharp thrust of anxiety to her heart, that catch in her throat when she thinks some- ; thing is wrong with the man she loves. What is it? What can she do? No longer must a doctor judge the physi' cal condition of a man by his unaided senses alone. Now, by means of mar velous instruments, he can actually look inside the body, see the heart beat, the lungs contract and expand; watch the activities of the digestive tract; he can ^-- ----- ------ So new are the discoveries of medical science in relation to prolonging life that the majority of intelligent men and women have not heard about them. So amazing are some of these dis coveries that they are difficult to believe. That seems to be the only explanation of the estimate that but one person in 500 has an annual health examination. To determine the value of health examinations, a group of 6,000 policyholders of the Metropoli tan Life Insurance Company were given physi- tak", "What should you consider changing before moving your DNS records to ensure updates occur quickly", "What type of work was performed on the project mentioned in the text segment", "here is also a HUGE 2-car garage which allows plenty of storage. All this close to ALL the major conveniences. Home is ready for you to move in as soon with a fast moving settlement.\nSearch powered by\n\u00a9 Bright MLS. All rights reserved.\nListings provided by Bright MLS from various brokers who participate in IDX (Internet Data Exchange). Information deemed reliable but not guaranteed", "Politics & Society\nIt was the spring of 1963 in Birmingham, and it looked as if the civil rights movement would suffer yet another defeat. The powers that be had more jail space than the civil rights workers had people. But then one Sunday, reports historian Taylor Branch, 2,000 young people came out of worship at the New Pilgrim Baptist", "How To Clean Hayward Grid D.E. Filters\nThe DE swimming pool filter can be one of the most effective types of swimming pool filters on the market today if they are used and cared for properly. The problem is that most swimming pool owners do not realize that they will have to actually not only backwash their pool filter weekly, but they will also have to take the filter apart and actually clean the filter grids as well.\nCleaning your DE pool filter is easier then you think and can be done using a few tools that you will probably have right in your tool box. The tools you will need are an adjustable wrench, Flathead screwdriver and garden hose that is connected to a water supply. Before working on your swimming pool pump or filter, you always want to make sure that the power is off to the pump and also that the pump is unplugged.\nHow To Remove the filter from the swimming pool system:\nThe first thing you will want to do is to remove the swimming pool tank from the pool system so it gives you more room to work on the actual filter Vs being all jammed up. You will now want to take a large pair of channel locks and loosen the bulk head nuts that connect the multiport of the pool filter to the pool tank. These bulk head nuts are made from plastic so be careful when loosing them because that can become brittle over time and crack. Also always remember that you will want to always turn to the left (counter clockwise) to loosen and to re-tighten later on you will want to turn these nuts to the right(clockwise).\nLoosing and Removing the Hayward Belly band clamp:\nNow that you have the filter disconnected from the multiport and the filter system you can start to take your Hayward DE 3600 filter apart. The first thing you will want to to is to loosen the belly band nut as you see pictured above. The belly band nut is made from brass so be careful when using pliers or a wrench as you can strip out this nut of you are not careful. To remove the belly band nut, turn the brass nut counter clockwise until it is fully removed from the threads. Once you loosen and remove the brass belly band nut you will be able to remove the belly band spring and then remove the Hayward 3600 belly band from the filter.\nBleeding the air & opening the Hayward Grid filter tank:\nOnce you have removed the belly band from the filter tank, it"]}