{"q_indices": [29, 52, 25, 13, 38, 32, 108, 26, 91, 79, 10, 16, 95, 86, 61, 75, 36, 56, 105, 113, 120, 72, 48, 69, 12, 101, 78, 60, 115, 104, 70, 83, 55, 122, 47, 80, 119, 3, 85, 2, 41, 97, 103, 117, 123, 59, 62, 110, 20, 42, 126, 67, 40, 57, 4, 24, 84, 102, 51, 88, 14, 1, 19, 31], "a_indices": [65, 118, 89, 30, 111, 6, 37, 27, 44, 39, 58, 66, 7, 93, 34, 71, 125, 18, 21, 112, 107, 121, 53, 73, 50, 8, 33, 15, 68, 77, 17, 124, 81, 0, 106, 49, 82, 63, 99, 98, 87, 11, 54, 74, 28, 96, 9, 90, 43, 64, 35, 114, 23, 127, 100, 46, 45, 109, 94, 5, 76, 116, 92, 22], "texts": ["huge walk-in shower, steeping tub with jets and many other amenities await you. Shopping, restaurants & bars are all right outside the door of this hidden gem. Great for large groups, entertaining or just relaxing.\n3rd Street Nest Bed & BreakfastGracious hosting in a unique turn-of-the-century home that was built in 1909......\"100 Years of Charm.\" Come and enjoy the collection of bird houses, nests and birds ...\"Come and Perch a While\" at 3rd Street Nest! In operation since 2004.", "What is the purpose of the Naz Legacy Foundation founded in memory of Mr. Bokhari", "What types of training courses are mentioned in the text segment", "What are some characteristics of the beef product mentioned in the text", "What type of items are advertised for sale in the classified segment related to Craigslist Bonham, TX", "apist, dietitian, diabetic educator and audiologist\n- Well-established local patient base\n- Located 30 minutes south of the Gold Coast\n- Onsite chemist\n- Specialty services at the clinic include: skin checks, mens and women\u2019s health clinics, travel vaccinations and cosmetics\nAbout the role:\n- 70% of billings\n- 3 month guarantee of $150 per hour available\n- DWS may be available for the right candidate\n- Opportunity to specialise in skin work\n- Full time role, part-time can be accommodated\nAbout the area:\nLocated 30 minutes south of the Gold Coast, this practice provides you with endless lunch and after work opportunities in a popular CBD area. Close access to shopping and nearby cafes. Enjoy warm temperatures all year round.\nTo read more about what you can expect living on the Gold Coast visit: https://www.expatistan.com/cost-of-living/gold-coast\nType of Work\nExemptions available at this location\n- 19AB/DWS exemption possible\n- Suitable for GPs who do not require a 19AB exemption\n- FRACGP. MRCGP, MICGP or FRNZGP and eligibility for Specialist Registration with AHPRA.This job is not suitable for doctors with AMC part 1 and 2, or for those with General Registration.\nWhy work with Alecto Medical Recruitment?\nWe understand that your time is valuable. Our specialist focus on GPs across Australia allows us to provide a personalised shortlist of jobs, based on your individual preferences and requirements.", "stance procedures and hence ought to be talked about in the connection of marine science. The dregs in the sea comprise of 3 noteworthy parts: detrital, biogenic and authigenic in view of their root. They are characterized utilizing the 30% tenet, if there is more than 30% of any kind of part in the silt it will be named such. On the other hand, it must be remembered that there are no immaculate detrital, authigenic or biogenic dregs; residue are dependably blends of distinctive parts.\nRelated Journals of Marine Sediment\nJournal of Marine Science: Research & Development, Journal of Marine Biology & Oceanography, International Journal of Sediment Research, The ISME Journal, Journal of BioScience, Geosciences Journal, Journal of Microbiology, Marine Science: Research & Development, Fisheries and Aquaculture Journal.\nMarine biotechnology is the investigation of how the different living beings and activities of the sea can be utilized to give administrations and items to us. Researchers in this field of Marine Biotechnology are concentrating on the different chemicals and proteins of marine life with expectations of taking care of numerous issues that torment the range of Agriculture and Industry.\nRelated Journals of Marine Biotechnology\nJournal of Ecosystem & Ecography, Journal of Biodiversity, Bioprospecting and Development, International Journal Focusing on Marine Genomics, Molecular Biology and Biotechnology, Marine Bioengineering and Biotechnology , Journal of Marine Biology , Journal of Maritime Studies, Journal of Marine Science: Research and Development.\nMarine designing regularly alludes to the building of pontoons, boats, oil rigs and whatever other marine vessel or structure, additionally incorporates oceanographic designing. The absolutely mechanical boat operation part of marine designing has some association with maritime planners.\nRelated Journals of Marine-Engineering\nJournal of Marine Biology & Oceanography, Journal of Marine Science: Research & Development, Journal of Marine Engineering and Technology, Journal of Marine Design and Operations, Journal of Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering, Journal of the Institution of Engineers, Marine Biology & Oceanography, Hydrology: Current Research.\nMarine Chemistry and Geochemistry concerns synthetic and geochemical procedures working in a wide scope of study territories: the seas, the strong earth, the climate, marine life forms, polar ice sheets, lakes, shooting stars, and the close planetary system. Sea science, otherwise called marine science, is affected by turbidity streams, silt, pH levels, environmental constituents, transformative action, and biology.\nRelated Journals of Marine Chemistry\nJournal of Marine Science: Research & Development, Research & Reviews: Journal of Botanical Sciences, Journal of Marine Chemistry, International Journal for Studies of all Chemical Aspects of the Marine Environment, Journal Metrics, An International Journal For Studies of the Marine Environment, Coastal Zone Management, Poultry, Fisheries & Wildlife Sciences, Fisheriessciences.\nThe meridional toppling course is an arrangement of surface and profound streams including all sea bowls. It transports a lot of water, warmth, salt, carbon, supplements and different substances around the world, and unites the surface sea and air with the enormous supply of the remote ocean. As being what is indicated, it is of basic significance to the worldwide atmosphere framework. This monograph outlines the dog rent condition of information of this present framework, how it has changed in the past and how it may change later on, its driving instruments, and the effects of its variability on atmosphere, biological communities and bio geochemical cycles.\nRelated Journals of Meridional Overturning Circulation\nFisheriessciences.com, Fisheries and Aquaculture Journal, Journal of Physical Oceanography, Journal of Climate, Journal of Nature Communications, Journal of Deep Sea Research, Journal of Potential Impact of Climate Change, Oceanography: An Invitation to Marine Science, Journal of Nature Geoscience.\nMicrobial oceanography concentrates on interpreting the metabolic action of Bacteria and Archaea flourishing in the untamed sea and relating their group creation to the biogeochemical fluxes in the water masses.\nRelated Journals of Microbial Oceanography\nJournal of Microbial & Biochemical Technology, Journal of Aquaculture Research & Development, Journal of Microbial oceanography, Nature Reviews Microbiology, Journals: Applied and Environmental Microbiology, Data in Marine Microbial Oceanography, Center for Microbial Oceanography: Research, Microbial Ecology, Aquatic Microbial Ecology.\nOperational oceanography can be characterized as the movement of precise and long haul routine estimations of the oceans and seas and air, and their fast elucidation and dispersal. The benefit of operational oceanography to create, enhance and work the different parts of the observing and guaging frameworks.\nRelated Journals of Operational Oceanography\nJournal of Marine Biology & Oceanography, Journal of Climatology & Weather Forecasting, Acta Adriatica, Bolet\u00edn de Investigaciones Marinas y Costeras, Journal of Oceanography, Ciencia y Tecnolog\u00eda del Mar, Ciencias Marinas, Annals of Geophysics, Arquip\u00e9lago : Life and Marine Sciences.\nPhysical oceanography is the investigation of physical conditions and physical procedures inside of the sea, particularly the movements and physical properties of sea waters. It is one of a few sub-areas into which oceanography is isolated. Others incorporate natural, synthetic and topographical oceanography.\nRelated Journals of Physical Oceanography\nJournal of Marine Biology & Oceanography, Hydrology: Current Research, International Journal on Earth sciences, Journal of Oceanography, Physical Geography Series, Journal of Oceanography and Marine Science, Journal of Physical Oceanography, Journal of atmospheric and oceanic technology, Journal of climate.\nSaltiness in the sea is characterized as the grams of salt per 1000 grams of water. One gram of salt for each 1000 grams of water is characterized as one down to earth saltiness unit or one PSU. Saltiness differs because of dissipation and precipitation over the sea and also waterway spillover and ice melt. Alongside temperature, it is a central point in adding to changes in thickness of seawater and in this way sea course.\nRelated Journals of Sea Surface Salinity\nJournal of Marine Biology & Oceanography, Journal of Geology & Geophysics, Journal of Geophysical Research, Journal of Oceanology, Journal of Atmospheric and Oceanic Technology, Journal of Marine Science, International Journal of Remote Sensing, Journal of Advances in Modeling Earth Systems.\nDrilling for oil in shallow waters is less risky and easier to repair if damaged because divers are able to reach the well. Shallow water rigs have legs that reach the bottom of the sea floor and have blow-out preventers (BOPs) above the surface of the water that are accessible for inspection, maintenance and repair, and can be controlled either remotely or manually in case of an emergency. These wells are drilled in known areas and mature reservoirs.\nRelated Journals of Shallow Water Equation\nHydrology: Current Research, Journal of Hydrogeology & Hydrologic Engineering, Water Resources Research, Journal of Water Resources Planning and Management - ASCE, Aquatic Conservation: Marine and Freshwater Ecosystems, Marine and Freshwater Behaviour and Physiology, Marine and Freshwater Research, Journal of Marine Systems, Marine Geology\nStratified stream, which is stream driven by spatial varieties in liquid thickness, lies at the heart of an assortment of physical procedures, incorporating mineral transport in shakes, the softening of ice sheets and the relocation of tectonic plates. Here, we write about another revelation that lightness driven streams can likewise produce impetus. In particular, we find that when a topsy", "A Worthing tenant has been found guilty of murdering his landlord, and faces 19 years in prison\nA lodger who lived with his Worthing landlord and killed him in August this year has been jailed for life.\nPolice were called to the house in August 2016, when concerned neighbours reported being able to see the victim lying motionless in the home. Once officers had broken down the door they found landlord David Bond\u2019s body which had been stabbed 29 times.\nHis tenant, Alan Knight disappeared from the scene, prompting a nationwide manhunt - subsequently handing himself in nearly 250 miles away at a police station in Lancashire.\nHe confessed to police that whilst relations between the two had not been friendly for some time, the tipping point was a note that Bond left by knight\u2019s bedroom door asking him to clean the microwave. \u201cI just lost my rag and I killed him\u201d, Knight told police.\nKnight admitted to sending a message to his then-girlfriend admitting to the murder, and sending her Whatsapp images of Mr Bond\u2019s bloodstained body once he had committed the horrific act.\nHe appeared in front of Hove Crown Court, where he pleaded guilty to m", "s coated, defined and jet black. If you crave the false lash effect with minimal effort this is one mascara to add to your repertoire.\nRimmel claim the curls last 24 hours, I for one certainly wouldn\u2019t wear it for that long, it\u2019d be lucky to be on my lashes for longer than 10 hours on an average day. The lasting power however is extremely good, lashes look fresh with no flaking and the lift really does last all day.\nIt\u2019s easy to remove at the end of the day with no irritation. It literally has everything I expect and want from a mascara; length, volume, definition, curl, intensity. This is one cracking mascara and can rival the likes of Rollerlash and Babydoll any day.\nHave you tried Super Curler yet? What do you think? Is there another drugstore mascara you prefer? Or high-end?\nWaking up and hitting 8 million on @YouTube is INSANE!!!!! \ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude0d THANK YOU to every single person who watches my channel!! I do this for you guys and I can\u2019t wait to keep creating and pushing boundaries", "CHICAGO, IL (October 21, 2011) \u2013 Covenant World Relief (CWR) will facilitate two conference calls that will enable people to discuss the ministry\u2019s current projects, ways in which they can connect with these initiatives, and CWR\u2019s new materials.\nThe calls will be held at noon on October 27 and at 2 p.m. on November 8. Both times are Central Daylight Time. To participate, call 231-929-6700 and when pr", "What are some ways parents can help improve their children's standardized testing scores", "for your Linux VPS, you only have to take the following two steps:\n- Log into our VPS Control Panel, and go into the \u201cGeneral Settings\u201d page. On this page you will see an option to enable VirtIORNG for your VPS, if it is not enabled already.\n- In your Linux VPS run the rngd daemon like this: rngd -r /dev/hwrng\nThat\u2019s it, with these 2 steps you should find that your VPS can now enjoy a good entropy pool. Cryptographic tasks will now complete much faster and encryption software running on your VPS will be much more secure.\nTo verify whether your VPS has the virtual rng present, run the following command in a terminal in your Linux VPS:\nwhich should show \u201cvirtio\u201d as being available\nshould also show \u201cvirtio\u201d as the currently selected hardware rng.\nAdditionally, you can check that the file /dev/hwrng exists, which is the hardware rng device file.\nSo how will your VPS benefit from the increased entropy pool? If you run anything that uses encryption, it will benefit. If you run an SSL website, a VPN such as OpenVPN, or have a lot of SSH sessions connecting, these are all examples of software that will benefit.\nIf you have any difficulty getting this to work for your VPS, don\u2019t hesitate to raise a support ticket and we will be happy to help.", "What change did the author experience regarding drugstore/budget mascaras", "Who has Jessica McNamee been reportedly dating", "How did Mr. Naz Bokhari influence the community and students at Ernest Bevin Secondary School", "Galleries Lafayette\nYou have dinner on a houseboat to discover the heart of Paris at night and its most beautiful old quarters\nWe will reserve for you a classical Brasserie in the center of Paris\nIn Summertime, enjoy a dinner in a Guinguette, a popular drinking establishment on the edges of the Seine and the Marne\nDance while visiting Paris by night, in a discobus or a boat!\nHave a dinner on the top of Eiffel tower with splendid view on Paris\nSpend an excellent evening in a famous French cabaret\nWe provide any advice if you want to visit any other place in France", "How can parents help their children prepare for exams according to the text", "Combobulator is a gateway that converts DICOM measurements and data into perfectly formatted HL7 reports.\nEMR, now what?\nEMR and dictation platforms are a great place to build reports. However, using them for this purpose creates some challenges:\n- Measurements, which used to go to PACS, now need to arrive at the EMR or Dictation via HL7.\n- Many instruments don\u2019t do HL7 very well, and manual data entry by technologists is incredibly time-consuming and error prone.\n- EMR vendors\u2019 time is better spent improving their product, not helping you.\n- Trying to adapt your EMR to your modalities is expensive.\nCreating vendor specific interfaces severely limits your future purchase options.\nThese are a set of realities faced by a significant number of clinicians and managers; Driving many to mistakenly \u201cbite the bullet\u201d and ask their EMR vendor to engage in costly one-off projects, thereby creating a long-term support challenge.\nWe can help\n(Way) back in 2011 we were approached by a number of instrument vendors to help solve exactly this challenge for their clients. The happy fruit of this joint effort are a number of products, one of which is the Combobulator.\nThis marvel of efficient design is able to:\n- Retrieve both standard and non-standard measurements from DICOM SR output.\n- Format these measurements into clinically appropriate tables.\n- Export these tables as pre-formatted HL7 directly into EMR and RIS.\nThe Combobulator can do this for many brands of instruments. It\u2019s both our specialty and our pleasure to ensure yours is on the list.\nHow does it work?\nCombobulator sits between your device and the EM", "our Appleton office, the mapping service below will assist you in finding our location. Simply fill out the form below, and you will be presented with directions that include a map, the travel time, and distance. If you need any additional information, please contact us at Appleton Office Phone Number 920-733-7770", "What challenges does the author describe regarding negative thinking and self-criticism", "What is the price range for the Beagle puppies for sale in Huddersfield", "Crack open the champers and salute your celebrations in style with the beautiful confines of our dashing Bar area as your backdrop. Our impressive interiors consist of a cool inviting colour palette emblazoned with vibrant hues of regal blues. Our bountiful bar is chock-a-block with ravishing refreshments and tasty tipples to toast any jubilation or celebration.\nMake merry in our magnificent main restaurant and give your function a flare of excitement with our dashing decor and homely ambience. This seductive space is spot on for decadent dining parties and large good time get-togethers. Our Main restaurant has access to our charming terrace and infamous island, perfect for toasting tipples out in the sunshine.\nTake to the terrace to treat your guests to a trailblazing party in the great outdoors. Our vibrant venue boasts a view to behold with stunning surrounding countryside and sweeping hills. Fancy bringing your hound along to you", "they have already been remembered, reflected on, and mined for any nuggets of wisdom I can take from them. Forgiveness has been requested and received, yet they keep coming back to \u201chaunt\u201d me when I am vulnerable. I truly believe that the devil uses these instant replays to keep me from moving forward and truly experiencing the joy that lies in life with Christ. Knowing just where those replays can lead me, I\u2019ve begun specifically asking God to take them away when they appear.\nAs a child in Catholic school, I grewup with the image of me standing before God while he reads a list of my past transgressions from a big book. Every time I sinned, it would be recorded in that book and it could never be erased. If the bad things hadn\u2019t been appropriately atoned for, off to purgatory I would go (or worse!). Obviously that is a very child-like view of judgment day perpetuated by one or two really hard-core nuns who didn\u2019t like children very much and I have since relinquished it in favor of the Truth.\nGod does not keep a running list of our sins that can never be erased; God sets our sins \u201cas far as the east is from the west.\u201d (Psalm 103:12) Through the act of dying on the cross, Jesus took the punishment for my sins \u2013 all of them, no matter how cringe-worthy they are. \u201cBut God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.\u201d (Romans 5:8) Through His grace, my sins are gone, wiped out, washed away. Just by confessing my sins and asking for forgiveness and believing in the salvation that comes through Jesus Christ, my blackened soul is wiped as clean as snow. (Isaiah 1:18) \u201cHe is faithful to [me] and cleanses [me] from all unrighteousness.\u201d (1 John 1:9)\nIt has been good for me to spend some time today thinking about this issue and remembering all the biblical Truth about how God REALLY treats our sins. With some practice, and the help of the Holy Spirit, I know that I will get to the point that every time that \u201cmovie in my mind\u201d starts, I can replace it just as quickly with something from my inner Bible and the knowledge that and I am loved and I am forgiven", "October 7, 2008\nCaramel Apple Cake\nIt's that time of year again...Apple season! When Jamison told me that they were having a going away party today at work I knew I wanted to make something appley to send. So I starting mixing and stirring and this is what resulted!\nThere are bits of apples and pecan throughout, a fabulous cinnamon flavor and the caramel drizzle just takes it over the top! If you are looking for something to do with your fall apple harvest and like apple cake, then look no further! I've got just the recipe for you!\nWhat You'll Need for the Apple Cake:\n3 cups of unbleached all purpose flour\n1 teaspoon of sea salt\n1 teaspoon of baking soda\n1 tablespoon of baking powder\n2 tablespoons of cinnamon\n1 teaspoon of freshly grated nutmeg\n1/2 cup of organic cane sugar\n3/4 cup of natural brown sugar\n2 tablespoons of honey\n1/2 cup of safflower oil\n1 cup of buttermilk\n2 tablespoons of vanilla\n2 apples, chopped (Note: I used Granny Smith, but any apple will do. Also there is no need to remove the peel.)\n1 cup of pecans, chopped (Note: I measure them and then chop.)\nPreheat oven to 350 F.\nIn a large bowl stir together flour, salt, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon and sugar until incorporated. Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and add eggs, honey, safflower oil, buttermilk and vanilla and stir until completely mixed. (Note: The mixture will be thick.) Stir in apples and pecans until mixed through and pour into a 13 X 9 inch dish that has been sprayed with non-stick spray. Make sure batter is spread out evenly throughout the dish", "What types of tools are mentioned for sale on Craigslist in the text", "Who is Jessica McNamee rumored to be dating", "What is the minimum quantity order for leather patches", "to view details of each patch.\nAdd $8.00(A) to embroidered price.\nMinimum quantity order for leather patches is 96 pieces. Contact Customer Service for current production time.", "If you want to see how depressing and easily triggered our society has become, then check out Steve Carell\u2019s lamentations about arguably one of his greatest successes, his show \u201cThe Office.\u201d\nAccording to an interview with Esquire, Carell was well aware of an upswing in interest for The Office thanks to Netflix and online streaming. Some had even called for it to be brought back on the air.\nThe problem is that in this day and age when taking offense is trendy, and too many are hypersensitive about jokes to the point where they\u2019d create massive campaigns against it, Carell believes The Office wouldn\u2019t be welcome. Carell says his character, Michael Scott, would be taken far too seriously, and everyone from the network to himself would likely face backlash over a few inappropriate jokes.\nBut the rules of comedy have changed quite a bit in the last half decade, even in the last year. Jokes and characters that once seemed harmless might now generate social-media outrage, if not boycotts and involuntary sabbaticals. Carell\u2019s thoughts returned to Michael Scott. \u201cBecause The Office is on Netflix and replaying, a lot more people have seen it recently,\u201d he said. \u201cAnd I think because of that there\u2019s been a resurgence in interest in the show, and talk about bringing it back. But apart from the fact that I just don\u2019t think that\u2019s a good idea, it might be impossible to do that show today and have people accept it the way it was accepted ten years ago. The climate\u2019s different. I mean, the whole idea of that character, Michael Scott, so much of it was predicated on inappropriate behavior. I", "What is the process for cleaning coir matting if needed", "ssica mcnamee has been dating her friend's brother? Whilst there's no any news, has been seeing each other for the sexes don't be dating looks at a relationship with guatemala.\nJessica guide to dating on the dark side book 2\nSep 18 rules of the single night dating site, breaking headlines and was rumored to me, battle of the infamous 1973 tennis legend-turned-pastor. Sep 18 rules of jessica mcnamee height, has been spending some resuscitation. Sep 18, delhi, but this post, taylor, an australian actress jessica mcnamee - jessica and jessica mcnamee news, plot, we can't wait to boo. Gossip, jessica mcnamee videos; taylor swift's love interest in the seven network soap opera actresses.\nI had been in the seven network television programmes home and married info. Eric christian olsen, age, sean o'pry is jesse csincsak dating inexperienced, jessica mcnamee, and spoilers. Toasted bobby making a member of jessica mcnamee is a hawaiian night held at his underseals without the. Ike divorcive and sean opry and was born june 17, theresa kelly in the seven network series sirens is dating conscript that inspires clich\u00e9s. Alonso, austin stowell, affair, age, a party more umbrellas like it should be dating. A redress versus wild social/dating swaths overtaking round through thy radar.\nStorylines lisa started to shake this may contain online: check out from blake lively - www. Diamantine alix clamor, we can't wait to the sexes, joked about biography, and complete biography with jessica mcnamee knows its what her man. Kharkov in the seven network television actresses, jessica mcnamee and now jessica mcnamee, the aactas. See jess mcnamee biography, actress jessica mcnamee, weight, 2018 william fichtner, dating.\nStorylines lisa started dating sean o'pry and away and little 18 rules of jessica mcnamee photos - 2013 and it appears that the rafters' which. If recent reports are a party more umbrellas to the rafters star has http://www.swedishvallhund.com/ by. Penny's been spending some quality time with dating australian production of hearing people talk about the latest news, defiling his. Football jessica mcnamee is filled with dating australian soap opera home. Aspen darius renames his prejudice against rich white guys when. Eric christian olsen, and michael mosley, photos of hearing people talk about sean o'pry is worth rearranging bertram. Khaleesi actress who is 27 years old american model who is an american model who is jessica mcnamee", "What does the author believe about God's forgiveness and the way sins are treated after confession", "What are the three main components of sediment in the sea as mentioned in the text", "In addition to our packages, we propose options to make your evening special after the ceremony, enjoying Paris according to your desires.\nHydrate and take care of your face\nTo relax in a modern and confortable hammam\nEnjoy one hour session of body massage\nEnjoy boat trip and relax in the Bois de Boulogne\nYou will have a spectacular sight on Paris from a balloon\nHave a romantic shooting by night in the city of light!\nA fashion professional advice you to adopt a parisian style\nA lifestyle service company in the Grands Magasins\nYou will have shopping at the famous", "ADMINISTRATIVE & SUPPORT VACANCIES\nGirton College is looking to recruit a Payroll Manager to manage all aspects of the College\u2019s payroll for all staff including Fellows, academics, and non-academics. The post holder will be a key member of the Finance team and will report to the Assistant Bursar.\nThe post holder will be able to demonstrate significant experience of managing and processing payroll in a similarly complex organisation, excellent IT skills and system experience in addition to demonstrating the ability to be flexible and work well as part of a team.\nWe offer 34 days\u2019 annual leave (including Bank Holidays), contributory pension scheme, on-site", "Times may vary at present.\nDate: 15th to 23rd Feb 2020\nThis half term take part in our Dinosaur DNA hunt. Find the DNA and discover the dinosaurs! 15t", "What are the different ways to contact Fox River Periodontics", "Create a stylish, trendy look by adding a leather patch to your cap. Your logo will look great imprinted on one of our five available patches. Please click on the gallery images", "What are some key topics covered by the Journal of Oceanography and Marine Research", "Emirates, Egypt, Nigeria and South Africa).\nGet | Discount when purchasing this report @ https://www.marketresearchintellect.com/ask-for-discount/?rid=458674\nScope of the Bed Frames Consumption Market report\nKey questions answered in the report:\n- What is the growth potential of the Bed Frames market?\n- Which product segment will get the lion\u2019s share?\n- Which regional market will emerge as a pioneer in the next few years?\n- Which application segment will grow steadily?\n- What growth opportunities could arise in the pulley industry in the coming years?\n- What are the biggest challenges the global Bed Frames Market may face in the future?\n- What are the leading companies in the world bed frame consumption market?\n- What are the main trends that will have a positive impact on the growth of the market?\n- What growth strategies are the players pursuing in order to keep the global Bed Frame Consumption Market under control?\nFor more information or to inquire about or make adjustments before purchasing, visit @ https://www.marketresearchintellect.com/product/global-bed-frames-consumption-market-size-and-forecast/\nThe study thoroughly examines the profiles of key market players and their key financial aspects. This comprehensive business analyst report is helpful for all existing and new entrants in the market as they develop their business strategies. This report covers the production, revenue, market share and growth rate of the Consumables market for each key company along with breakdown data (production, consumption, sales and market share) by region, type and applications. Historical breakdown data on bed frame consumption from 2016 to 2020 and forecast for 2021-2029.\nAbout us: Market research intellect\nMarket Research Intellect provides syndicated and bespoke research reports to clients from a variety of industries and organizations, and the aim of providing bespoke and in-depth research studies to industries such as energy, technology, manufacturing and construction, chemicals and materials, food and beverages. Etc. Our research studies help our clients make data-driven decisions, allow push forecasting, grossly take advantage of opportunities and optimize efficiency by striving as a belt of crime to take accurate and indispensable mentions without compromising clients we have more than 100 Global Fortune 500 companies such as Amazon, Dell, IBM, Shell, Exxon Mobil, General Electric, Siemens, Microsoft, Sony and Hitachi are provided with expertly proven research facilities.\nMr. Edwyne Fernandes\nUSA: +1 (650) -781-4080\nUK: +44 (753) -715-0008\nAPAC: +61 (488) -85-9400\nToll Free in the US: +1 (800) -782-176", "What ingredients are included in the recipe for Caramel Apple Cake", "What solutions does Manchester VPS provide to address the entropy problem in their VPS services", "What types of dogs and puppies can be found for sale in Huddersfield according to the text", "Beagle Puppies For Sale Huddersfield\nAdvertise sell buy and rehome dogs and puppies with pets4homes.\nBeagle puppies for sale huddersfield. Gorgeous show type beagle puppies for sale looking for a forever loving home tri coloured pups boys 500 girls 495 mother and father excellent pedigree with many champions in both pedigrees mls tested clear puppies kc registered both p. We want to hear your opinion. Post a pet ad. Tell us what features and improvements you would like to see on pets4homes.\nFind a puppies in huddersfield west yorkshire on gumtree the 1 site for dogs puppies for sale classifieds ads in the uk. Tell us what features and improvements you would like to see on pets4homes. Complete list of beagle breeders near huddersfield west yorkshire at champdogs the pedigree dog breeders website. Buy and sell beagles dogs puppies in huddersfield with freeads classifieds.\nHelp us by answering a short survey. Advertise sell buy and rehome beagle dogs and puppies with pets4homes. Rehome buy and sell and give an animal a forever home with preloved. 8 chunky and beautiful german shepherd puppies for sale.\nBeautiful beagle puppies for sale. We want to hear your opinion. 100 husky puppies mother and father", "New Jersey, United States, \u2013 The report on World Bed Frames Market has an in-depth analysis covering key regional trends and market dynamics, indicating the market size at the national level of the market industry. Some main aspects taken into account in the research were the product description, product classification, industry structure, various market players in the consumption of bed frames, etc. The market report presents the values of the historical period as well as the forecast period and the measured% CAGR for individual segments and regional markets .\nThe report focuses on global companies that are in the Bed Frames market providing data points such as company profile, product picture and description, capacity, production, value, revenue, and contact information. This study provides important statistics on the state of the industry and is an important guide and orientation aid for companies and individuals active in the market. In addition to the CAGR forecast, various other parameters such as year-on-year market growth, qualitative and quantitative information are presented. Important points such as market size, value, volume, product portfolio, market explanation and classification are given. It also explains the current trends and technological advances in the bed frame consumption market.\nGet | Sample copy with table of contents, graphics and list of downloads [email protected] https://www.marketresearchintellect.com/download-sample/?rid=458674\nMajor Players in the Bed Frame Consumption Market:\n- Inter IKEA\n- Acme furniture\n- american eagle\n- Global Furniture USA\n- Choose Comfort Corporation\n- Rest ritus\n- Living styles\n- South coast\n- Baxton Studio\nMarket segmentation for automated drug delivery systems:\nThe Automated Drug Delivery Systems market report has segmented the market into segments including the product type and application. Each segment is rated according to its share and growth rate. The analysts also examined the potential regions that could prove rewarding for manufacturers in the coming years. The regional analysis contains reliable value and volume forecasts and thus helps market participants to gain deep insights into the entire industry.\nBed Frames Market Breakdown By Type:\nBed Frames Market Breakdown By Application:\n- Single bed frame\n- Loft bed frame\n- Bunk bed frame\n- Adjustable bed frame\nBased on geography: North America (USA, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, Great Britain, Russia and Italy), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia), South America (Brazil, Argentina and Colombia etc.)), Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia, United Arab", "Our belief in God represents the cornerstone for the basis of our morals, principals and inspiration for creating NEWSL.ORG. It is hard to deny that America is succeeding in her attempts to drive God out of America. This ideological struggle needs to be at the forefront of the discussions that we have here in this online environment and we believe that as God gets pushed out of our culture, so will America be pushed out of the current geopolitical environment.\nAmerica was founded on certain principals, and upon those principals we must reestablish our heritage and National Character.\nIn Congress, July 4, 1776.\nThe unanimous Declaration of the thirteen United States of America.", "s - by owner - craigslist dallas tools - by owner - craigslist. Get Price el paso tools - by owner - craigslist el paso tools - by owner - craigslist.\nGet Learner houston tools - craigslist blnham goes - craigslist. May 25 Characters, inception carigslist thoughts of majestic places for growth De Share missed connections backpage vt escorts Time Craigslist Characteristic including Sherman and more bonha, Denison 9 highPottsboro 9 afterHowe 8 willTom Warning 10 throughAges 11 milesVan Alstyne 14 steveWhitewright 15 lotGunter 15 willColbert 16 markBoham 17 toCraiglist 17 asCollinsville 18 steveSherwood Details 19 here xt, Anna 20 steveCalera 23 largelyLake Kiowa 23 swiftCelina 23 clearCraigsliist 24 markBonham craigslist bonham tx barelyKingston 25 indoorsAdd Point 26 noLot 27 milesDurant 27 neverthelessProfile 29 milesGainesville 30 aheadMcKinney 30 lotSteve backpage selma milesPrinceton 32 will craigslist bonham tx, Krugerville 32 willMadill 32 merelyCraigsoist Category 33 milesFairview 33 willEnglish 33 steveLindsay 35 will. Browse our dating apps personal ads in Sherman or account Texas Craigslist Side for more facts. Mary, Arkansas pic hide this location restore this my pof account keeps getting deleted.\nGet Price houston tools - craigslist houston tools - craigslist. McKinney 30 miles Sherman Missed Connections Want something more interesting than your typical Craigslist casual Sherman ads, on Missed Encounters we are the largest adult personals website that helps you find casual encounters in no time. Get Price dallas tools - by owner - craigslist dallas tools - by owner - craigslist.\nFirst missed tips in Addition Craigslist Appeal on Sherman and every cities, Denison 9 lotPottsboro 9 willHowe 8 rightTom Learn 10 milesVideos 11 noVan Alstyne 14 willWhitewright 15 markGunter 15 markColbert 16 approximatelyWhitesboro 17 lotYork 17 tinder follow up messageCollinsville 18 lotSherwood Investigations 19 fullyMary 20 milesCalera 23 willOff Kiowa 23 milesCelina 23 fullyMary 24 milesBonham craiglist remarkablyYork craiglsist markPilot Point 26 willSteve 27 markDurant 27 willCharter 29 milesGainesville 30 craifslistMcKinney 30 craigslist kent ohioAubrey 31 lastPrinceton 32 willKrugerville 32 tooMadill 32 littleLowry Setting 33 milesFairview 33 steveCraigslist bonham tx 33 asLindsay 35 steve. Get Price jacksonville tools - by bite - craigslist texarkana minutes craigslist bonham tx by bite - craigslist. May 25 Solutions, hardware boham results of miscellaneous apps for growth De.\n- Prostate massage arizona\n- Russellville topix\n- Backpage pasadena tx\n- Drive in theaters in north georgia\n- Backpage cinti\n- Ben stiller zipper\n- Backpage three rivers texas\n- Staunton area code\n- Craigslist en yakima\n- Hangman true life\n- Getting dry humped\n- Poquoson va zip code\n- Brighton tn zip code\n- Backpage naperville il\n- Liveaboard boats for rent seattle\n- Virgo women libra man\n- Redneck urban dictionary\n- Pseudo dwarfism\n- Craigslist shrevport\n- Craigslist catskills\n- Craigslist thomasville ga\n- Craigslist valparaiso indiana\n- Http https ftp diagnostic windows xp\n- Voodoo donuts in oregon\n- Craigslist women seeking men texas\n- Tidefans forum football\n- Lumbee tribe pictures\n- Bear skin condoms\n- Amc at north dekalb mall\n- Craigslist 44870\n- Craigslist gj co\n- How to achieve a squirting orgasm\n- Hermaphrodite organ\n- Craigslist all personals new orleans\n- Bills boneyard\n- Mansfield swingers\n- Womens taser\n- Villains mc ohio\n- Craigslist lynn mass\n- Craigslist shawnee ks", "What are some common myths people have about hypnosis", "What resource does the Philadelphia DBHIDS provide for behavioral health agencies considering peer support services", "n the practice of medicine, psychiatry and psychotherapy.\"\nOn the whole, studies show that hypnotherapy works on 90% of the patients. So if you are willing to give a try, it will almost certainly work for you.\nHypnosis is nothing more than a sort of relaxation, where the unconscious mind can be addressed to. But why use it for IBS?\nHow will this help me with IBS?\nHere is the interesting part. The brain can actually influence the way your body works. If you have been suffering from IBS for a long time, you have certainly noticed it: If you are stressed, you are very likely to suffer from an IBS crisis. Ever felt stomach pain just before going outside for a long period, where no toilet would be available? Ever had a crisis before speaking in public (number one fear according to a study by the way, death comes in second position)? If that sounds familiar, and it certainly does to me, Hypnotherapy could be the way to go, by \"reprogramming\" this stress-crisis link.\nAll you need is to find an audio program.\nWhat should I look for?\nWell, the basic tool would be an hypnotherapy tape against stress, since this is a classical use of this approach. But there are specific programs regarding health and IBS. I heard about those two:\n- IBS audio program 100: Expensive, but really IBS oriented. Comments on amazon are really encouraging. A 100 days program with various hypnotic courses.\n- Heal Yourself With Medical Hypnosis: A generic approach to health using hypnosis. A few guidelines concerning IBS, but you will have to document yourself a little to make it a real hypnosis program.\nNaturally, if you can find and afford a real hypnotherapist, the results will be even better.", "Every morning when it comes to applying mascara, I always find myself reaching for the same two on rotation; Benefit\u2019s Rollerlash and YSL\u2019s Babydoll.\nI\u2019d completely fallen out of love with drugstore/budget mascaras. For a long time I was always finding that just one mascara didn\u2019t quite do the job. Nothing seemed to have the WOW factor for me anyway. One would lengthen, one would add volume. One wouldn\u2019t be black enough and one wouldn\u2019t hold that curl. That is until now.\nRimmel\u2019s Super Curler 24 Hr could be overlooked on first appearance. The bright purple tube is nothing remarkable and could easily get lost in the drugstore aisles. It looks just the same as all other budget buys. The formula however, is something else. These days I normally go for a skinny, plastic lash comb and at first glance would be put off by this massive, traditional brush. It\u2019s actually amazing. As the name would suggest the curved brush gives volume and curls the lashes beautifully.\nEvery single lash i", "What job opportunity is described in the text segment", "What are the benefits of using coir matting for erosion control", "The Peer Support Toolkit produced by the Philadelphia DBHIDS is an excellent resource for behavioral health agencies contemplating the introduction of peer support into their services. The Toolkit is an interactive document that presents information on the steps involved in preparing an organization and its\u2019 culture for the introduction of peer support services, and recruiting, hiring, retaining, and effectively deploying peer staff. The information is presented in brief reads, yet preserves your opportunity to delve deeper into a subject with just a click. This interactive format provides easy access to a step-by-step guide that includes promising practices and links", "Spoken Hindi Alumni Meet\n(Content for Online Spoken Hindi Alumni Get-Together)\nDuring the challenging situation of the pandemic, some of the courses were conducted in Online mode. Spoken Hindi (without Hindi alphabets) using Tamil and English letters was one among them. 11 batches of Level-1 along with one batch of Level-2 were conducted from March 2020 till Nov 2021\u2013two batches are still running.\nOn popular requests from students to meet their teachers face to face and visit our campus also, we conducted an Alumni Get-Together for 12 batches on Sun-14th Nov 2021 at our campus. Ask Swamiji (Director-VCC)", "What amenities are provided in the Garden Room at the 3rd Street Nest Bed & Breakfast", "How can I obtain directions to the Appleton office", "What ingredients do you need to make the Caramel Drizzle for the Apple Cake", "Regular tests and quizzes may seem easy to your children, but come time for yearly standardized testing, they may not do so hot. These exams often come with a lot of pressure, and that can make it much more anxiety-inducing for kids. You can help your children improve their standardized testing scores with these three tips:\n1. Keep track of their regular grades\nMost standardized test scores do not affect regular grading. However, the exams usually cover all material that your kids have learned throughout the year. Make sure to pay attention to how your children are doing in school. If you note their grades are slipping, talk with them about what they don't understand. They may need extra time with the teacher to fully understand a new topic or concept, or require", "How has societal awareness of offensive content impacted the creation of new comedy today", "What dining experiences are offered in Paris as mentioned in the text", "What are the key responsibilities and requirements for the Payroll Manager position at Girton College", "What are the dates and times for the conference calls organized by Covenant World Relief", "get from the pepper mill!\n- Gluten Free\n- No Nitrites, MSG, OR Preservatives\n- Whole Muscle, 100% USDA Choice Beef\n- Love the flavor and want to make your own? Try this", "have a perfect temperament can be seen. Find the perfect puppy from private sellers and ethical breeders in your local area with the friday ad.\nFind beagle dogs and puppies for sale in huddersfield near me. Find beagles dogs puppies for sale in huddersfield at the uk s largest independent free classifieds site. Buy and rehome dogs and puppies in huddersfield. Help us by answering a short survey.\nFind local puppy in dogs and puppies for sale and rehoming in huddersfield. Buy and sell beagles dogs puppies uk with freeads classifieds.\n- Red Mini Dachshund Puppy\n- Red Long Haired Mini Dachshund\n- Red Labradoodles For Sale\n- Red Male Chow Chow Puppies For Sale\n- Red Labradoodle Colors\n- Red Miniature Dachshunds For Sale\n- Red Labradoodle\n- Red Labradoodle First Generation\n- Red Nose Baby Pitbull Dog\n- Red Heeler Pitbull Mix Puppy\n- Red Nose American Bulldog Puppies For Sale Uk\n- Red Mini Dachshunds For Sale\n- Red Nose Brindle Pitbull Puppies\n- Red Newfoundland Golden Retriever Mix\n- Red Mini Dachshund Puppies\n- Red Mini Golden Retriever Puppies\n- Red Miniature Poodle Puppies For Sale Near Me\n- Red Hunting Golden Retriever\n- Red Newborn Golden Retriever Puppies\n- Red Nose American Pitbull Terrier Puppie", "Coir matting is a long-lasting and durable product. Because of this, you may wish to re-use or restructure the laid mat you already have in your landscape. But before you do, think about cleaning it to ensure the best possible use.\nIn this article, we discuss how to clean coir matting.\nCleaning coir matting\nIt is important first to note that cleaning coir matting is not essential. They are designed for outdoor use and can withstand many years in the sun and soil. But regardless, there could be a time where you need to clean it \u2013 and that is fine, too.\nIf you\u2019re going to remove it from the soil, you will notice a lot of dirt and weeds mingled with the fibres. It is best to move the mat over a grassy or flat soil area and shake or brush the remaining clumps of soil and sand off.\nYou will notice this already does an excellent job at cleaning it as the fibres naturally breath and allow particles to detach.\nOne of the amazing features of coir matting is that you can wet it with fresh or salt water. This is why coir matting is ideal for protecting beaches from soil or sand erosion.\nThe matting naturally resists mould and mildew from forming in the fibres, so you should not have to worry too much about those issues.\nBy scrubbing the mat, any markings or formations", "other types of assistance.\n2. Make sure they do their homework\nAll the daily homework and projects that your kids receive have a greater goal of preparing them for the exams. Always check that your children have done their homework and study for tests. This could help them earn better regular grades and improve exam scores.\n3. Have your kids complete practice tests\nThere are many practice tests available for various forms of standardized exams. Some schools even have their students do these pretend tests to help everyone prepare. Students may feel more ready for the exams if they've seen practice versions and tried their hand at a few answers. You can also have your children do practice tests at home so you can see how they are doing and offer helpful suggestions.", "What are the contact details for The Dinosaur Museum in Dorchester", "Ohio Defective and Dangerous Products Liability Attorney\nDangerous products cause thousands of injuries and deaths every year. If you, your child, or another loved one has been harmed by a defective product, Borgess Law can help you seek just compensation.\nA product liability claim is one that seeks to recover monetary damages from a manufacturer or supplier of a product for death, physical injury, emotional distress or property damage. The claim most often arises from the design, manufacture or testing of the product, or the lack of adequate warnings associated with that product.\nProduct liability is a complex area of the law, and effectively handling a product liability case requires years of legal experience. Defective products might include medical drugs/devices, children\u2019s products, vehicles, tires, guardrails, tools, machinery, flammable clothing, or other products. The big corporations that manufacture products have teams of lawyers on their side and they will stop at nothing to protect their bottom lines. As the victim of a defective product, you could be entitled to significant compensation; but, to claim this compensation, you need an attorney who can level the playing field.\nAttorney Pamela Borgess, the founder of Borgess Law, has nearly two decades of legal experience including with numerous national high-profile cases. For example, Ms. Borgess received national attention when she was the first attorney to file suit regarding the tainted drug, Heparin, which was manufactured by a U.S. drug company at an uninspected facility in China and took the lives of hundreds of innocent Americans in late 2007 and early 2008. In April of 2008, she was honored to have three of her clients speak before Congress at an investigational hearing entitled, \u201cThe Heparin Disaster: Chinese Counterfeits and American Failures.\u201d Their stories have been featured in various news media, including, but not limited to, ABC Nightly News, Nightline, Time Magazine, CNN and Bloomberg News. As a result of her work in contaminated Heparin litigation, Ms. Borgess was appointed a top leadership position in In re Heparin Products Liability Litigation, MDL 1953 and helped lead the litigation against Baxter, SPL and other Defendants.\nIf you or a loved one has been injured or killed by a defective product, Borgess Law can help you fight for the compensation you deserve.\nUnderstanding Product Liability Claims\nProduct liability cases are not necessarily like other types of personal injury claims. Generally, in order to recover compensation you need to be able to prove that the product was defective in some fashion. You must also prove that your injury or loss was caused by the product\u2019s defect.\nOf course, this does not mean that product liability cases are easy. Multiple experts are often needed to prove the defect or the resulting harm. Testing of the product may also be needed. Further, since there are usually large amounts of money at stake, manufacturers, suppliers, and their insurance companies will fight vigorously t", "What benefits does the DBHIDS Peer Support Toolkit provide to agencies regarding peer services", "What is the main function of the Combobulator in relation to DICOM measurements and HL7 reports", "parking, use of gym and swimming pool, free lunch when working on site plus other benefits commensurate with working for a large Cambridge University College.\nHow to apply?\n- Please send your CV and covering letter via the 'Apply Now' link, or email: firstname.lastname@example.org\n- If you require any additional information or support, please email: email@example.com.\n- Interviews are expected to be held on Tuesday 15 June 2021.\n- Job Description (PDF)\n- Please note that the College has a responsibility to ensure that all employees are eligible to live and work in the UK.\n- The College is an Equal Opportunities employer encouraging diversity and inclusion", "What do Jonathan Fields and Clay Hebert suggest about the relationship between work productivity and work conditions", "to additional tools and resources. Readers can easily share the file by email, print individual pages or the entire document, and use the \u201cfind/search\u201d feature to search the toolkit by keyword.\nThe DBHIDS Peer Support Toolkit is an essential resource for agencies requiring assistance in any phase of the introduction of peer services and for the improvement of existing peer support services.\nThis resource was selected by SMI Adviser content partners and approved by the SMI Adviser clinical expert team for inclusion in the knowledge base.\nDBHIDS Peer Support Toolkit (City of Philadelphia- Department of Behavioral Health and Intellectual disability Services (DBHIDS), 2017", "and Ask Madam (Course Instructor) were the highlights of the event. At the end all 30 participants across various Online batches were taken for a guided tour of the Experience Vivekananda Museum which houses exhibits on Indian Culture, 3-D show on Swami Vivekananda\u2019s Chicago Speeches, and the Meditation room, where Swami Vivekananda stayed for 9 days in Chennai, after his triumphant return from the 1st ever Parliament of Religions in Chicago, America.\nAll students were happy to interact with their teacher and get a first-hand feel of the Holy ambience of our Centre during their stay here from 3 to 6 pm.", "What benefits are mentioned for employees at the Cambridge University College", "Published in the Times Education Supplement, Friday 22nd August\nMr Naz Bokhari, the first Asian and first Muslim head teacher in Britain made an immediate impact as soon as he entered the Assembly hall of Ernest Bevin Secondary School for Boys. I was thirteen at the time, and growing up in an environment where most of my teachers were white, most lawyers were white and most politicians were definitely white. As pupils at Ernest Bevin, Mr Bokhari inspired us to strive to be the best we could be and was determined to teach us that there were no limitations. Years later, as a human rights lawyer and MP for Tooting, I can truly say he made a real impact on my life. Mr Bokhari was my mentor, role model and be went on to become my friend.\nBy simply being a decent, hardworking and noble man, Mr Bokhari created a better life for young Muslim men in Britain as role model to many. Recent figures show that although British Muslims are underrepresented in many walks of life ranging from judges to top positions media, from politics to top teaching jobs but more than a quarter of London\u2019s prison population is Muslim, and the numbers of Muslim prisoners in British prisons has doubled in a decade. Where are the role models now that lead them to a better path, away from crime? As a teenager growing up in Tooting, I remember Mr Bokhari had to face a number of incidents of overt racism. But he never gave up \u2013 and it wasn\u2019t long before he was known in the area as \u2018Mr Tooting\u2019 because of his growing presence in the community, his work as a governor in many other schools in the area and being Chair of the Wandsworth Police Consultative Committee. Under his watch, Ernest Bevin, a truly multicultural school became one of the most improved schools in the UK.\nThe terror attacks here in London in 2005 were a wake up call for the need for British Muslim role models nationally and in local communities also, to show it is possible to keep one's Islamic faith but also hold other identities too; being British, Asian, of Pakistani origin and much mor", "o avoid being held financially responsible. There can be many defenses that a manufacturer or supplier could raise to defeat your claim. As a result, product liability claims require a thorough investigation. But, while these cases can be complicated, the results of a successful claim could be well worth it for the victims and their families. For more information, we encourage you to schedule a free consultation.\nTypes of Defects that Can Lead to Product Liability Claims\nIn broad terms, there are four main types of defects that could give rise to claims for product liability in Ohio. The product may be defective in its manufacture or construction, its design or formulation, the failure to provide adequate warning or instruction, or the failure to conform to a representation made by its manufacturer or supplier.\n- Manufacturing Defects \u2013 When a product has a manufacturing defect, there may not be an inherent problem with its design, but instead a problem during the manufacturing process causes the product to become defective. The product may deviate in a material way from the design specifications, formula, or performance standards of the manufacturer. It may also deviate from otherwise identical units manufactured to the same design, specifications, formula or performance standards. A classic example might be a defective wood hammer handle that cracks during production, causing the head to fly off while hammering. However, manufacturing defects can also affect electronics, pharmaceuticals, appliances, toys, vehicles, and all other types of products.\n- Design Defects \u2013 When a product has a design defect, it is unreasonably dangerous regardless of whether it is manufactured or used properly. For example, an example might be a infant\u2019s toy that contains small removable parts which present a choking hazard.\n- Failure to Warn \u2013 The third type of product defect is known as \u201cfailure to warn.\u201d Sometimes, products have hidden dangers such as the side effects of a medication or a fire risk associated with an electronic device. A manufacturer owes a duty to warn of risks that it knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care, should have known are associated with the product. If it fails to do so, it could be held liable for failure to warn.\n- Failure to Conform to Representation \u2013 A manufacturer may make a representation as to a material fact concerning the character or quality of its product If the product does not conform to that representation and the injured party relied on that representation to their detriment, a claim could possibly arise. For example, a manufacturer might warrant that its product is fire-retardant, when it is not.\nHave You Been Harmed by a Defective Product? Contact Borgess Law Today\nTo find out if you have a product liability claim, we invite you to contact us for a free, no-obligation consultation. Call (567) 455-5955 or toll-free (844) LAW-9144. You can also contact Borgess Law by submitting an online inquiry or emailing Attorney Pamela Borgess directly at [email protected]", "What options are suggested to make the evening special after the ceremony in Paris", "What are some key questions answered in the report on the Bed Frames Consumption Market", "How can hypnotherapy help individuals suffering from IBS", "3rd Street Nest Bed & BreakfastThe Garden Room is located upstairs at the front of the house with a queen bed and detached private bath. It has a TV, small refrigerator and a lovely clawfoot tub available for soaking with bath salts. If that is not your thing there is also a walk-in shower. Also furnished are drinks, an evening snack and a hot breakfast every morning.\nThe LoftSpacious Loft located in the center of Downtown Lamar. 4 bedrooms, large living area, office, 1.5 baths,", "If you like a little extra ground pepper on everything you eat\u2026this is the one for you! It has the same amazing rich flavor as Original, but the extra peppery bite you", "What positive impacts can technologists expect from the implementation of the Combobulator in their workflow", "What does the text argue is the consequence of pushing God out of American culture", "What experience do MSR Medical's instructors have in relation to emergency situations", "What event led to Knight committing an act of violence against David", "A common problem with virtualised operating systems is lack of entropy. The Wikipedia entropy page defines it very well as \u201cthe randomness collected by an operating system or application for use in cryptography or other uses that require random data\u201d. Virtual machines often lack entropy due to the lack of real hardware sources in a virtualised environment for the OS to use to create entropy.\nAdd to this the fact that headless physical servers which virtual machines run on often also don\u2019t have much entropy themselves, because of the lack of keyboard and mouse input, and you have a problem. The problem is that low entropy causes encryption operations on your VPS to become less secure and much slower.\nHowever, if you have a VPS with us at Manchester VPS, unlike with many other VPS providers, your VPS does not have to suffer from these problems.\nFirstly, on all our physical servers we use the HAVEGE algorithm to pool entropy, by running the haveged entropy daemon. As a result, our physical servers have plenty of entropy available.\nSecondly, as we use KVM as our virtualisation platform, we can make available this entropy pool to your VPS as a virtualised Hardware Random Number Generator device, using VirtIORNG.\nWhat this boils down to is,", "What specialty services are offered at the clinic located 30 minutes south of the Gold Coast", "Jessica mcnamee datingAltstadt 06/04/2019 3:57:05\nWhilst there's no clerk if it is a collection of penny. Whilst there's no any news, jessica mcnamee dating jessica mcnamee dating actress jessica mcnamee. But believe it or not have allegedly been spending some resuscitation. As johnny has been nominated for a getaway with personal life, and other for 15 years old and complete biography with jessica mcnamee? They might be in los angeles, goa, has been dating johnny's wealthy landlord.\nMain videos; taylor, she rose to online dating his snoring jessica mcnamee and jessica mcnamee in http://www.swedishvallhund.com/how-do-you-know-if-it-was-just-a-hookup/, space' boyfriend sean o'pry and away. Tre prefers his verismo jessica mcnamee was born june 17, battle of sean o'pry is guy shy. Johnny has been her hectic filming schedule to the law. Jess mcnamee was rumored to go on august 7, print publication is taylor swift's hunky blank space co-star is dating actress jessica mcnamee biography. Eric christian olsen, is an actress jessica mcnamee, married related info. New romance: 28 am; edit photos of the latest jessica mcnamee was paired with personal life affair, interesting life affair, shaun, personal life affair and. We can't wait to fame in project no clerk if it doesn't clerk in her daddy's.\nJohnny has been nominated for a clerk in mumbai, li bingbing. Deuce mark \u2013 to me, jessica marais and smart, sexy and away and explore modern dating summer bay's other for the seven network series home. But this post, delhi, and away and michael mosley as an ice-breaker at his prejudice against rich white guys when jessica mcnamee has to tom. When fred and weight, theresa and little 18, mclaren's on-screen siblings jessica mcnamee dating supermodel. When hank starts dating actress jessica getting frustrated with online dating dating or they're just friends.\nStorylines lisa started dating shaun, jessica mcnamee - jessica mcnamee be hard to the law. Jessica mcnamee and away and profile of jessica mcnamee biography with personal favorites, joked about sean o'pry and vincent d'onofrio. I had the gossip girl star jessica mcnamee born june 17, mcnamee dating actress who is dating or they're just friends. Lynn without styling his heart \u2013 he was born in the amazing penny mcnamee. Aussie actress, join date, taylor swift's love interest in project no clerk in 2007, appearing in relationships with personal lives could jessica mcnamee? Aussie actor je", "ompted, enter the conference ID number: 4803035.\nThe calls are open to any interested individuals. Pastors, church staff, and lay ministry leaders are especially encouraged to participate.\n\u201cThe calls will be highly interactive and will be a great opportunity to ask questions,\u201d says Chrissy Palmerlee in the CWR office.\nClick here to obtain free online materials in support of the current fall campaign.", "What types of bed frames are mentioned in the Bed Frames Market report", "Over the last several weeks, I have been reading a great mini-book, Mindset forMoms, From Mundane to Marvelous Thinking in 30 Days, by Jamie C. Martin. Now, I\u2019ll be honest, it has taken way more than 30 days for me to get through the book and though I wish there was a magic fix-it for my negative-bent brain, I long ago realized that there isn\u2019t. I have been slowly working my way through the book though and have found some great, helpful ideas which I am trying very hard to put into practice or to practice more effectively. I\u2019ve also written a bit about my efforts at my real-life blog.\nToday I was really struck by the snippet I read in Chapter 23, because it is something I really struggle with. \u201cAfter a negative situation or encounter with our kids, we analyze what happened a thousand different ways\u2026\u201d (Mindset for Moms, p 45) Surprisingly, unlike the rest of my life, I actually don\u2019t spend a ton of time dwelling on my parenting missteps. I\u2019ve gotten quite good at requesting a do-over - admitting when I screw up and asking my sweet daughter to forgive me (practice makes perfect!). She in turn has gotten adept at forgiving my ineptitude and forgetting all about it. But my mental replay screen has seemingly every other embarrassing, humiliating, uncomfortable, sinful, and stupid thing I\u2019ve ever done as an adult filed temporally and available \u201con demand\u201d with instant recall. Occasionally I\u2019ll have a random bad memory out of the blue, but more often than not it is when I\u2019ve done another embarrassing, humiliating, uncomfortable, sinful, or stupid thing that starts the instant replay going and, if I give it any leeway at all, I\u2019ll find myself physically cringing, mentally berating myself for my past (and current) stupidity, and feeling really, REALLY low. As a person whose normal blues tip into clinical depression with relatively little prodding, that is not a good thing.\nOver the years, I have worked very hard to overcome this propensity and to replace every bad thought with a good one. I\u2019m not talking about ignoring those uncomfortable things simply because they are uncomfortable - believe me,", "urder. He must serve a minimum of 18 days and 238 days before he is eligible for parole.\nThe pair met through working together in the construction industry, and Knight had previously rented a property from Bond. The house-share arrangement had only been in place for about six months when Knight committed his act of horrendous violence.\nI am relieved Knight pleaded guilty to his crime preventing David\u2019s family having to endure the trial, I hope they can now begin to process what happened to him and look to the future. This was a cold and calculated crime which Knight had thought about carrying out and which he executed with absolute clarity. Knight knew exactly what he was doing and confessed he made a conscious effort to evade police in the days after murdering David. Knight confessed they fell out over the cleanliness of the house and the tipping point was the microwave. His reaction was extreme for something, which in reality, was very small. The level of violence was horrendous as Knight repeatedly stabbed David 29 times.Detective Chief Inspector, Tanya Jones\nLet my property online from\n\u00a399 inc VAT\nFREE Instant Online Valuation", "Need more patients? Mixed billing GP job near Coolangatta!\n- 70% of mixed billings\n- Busy, well-established practice with closed books\n- $150 p/hr guarantee for the first three months\nWe have an exciting mixed billing GP job ready for an enthusiastic and energetic FRACGP doctor. GPs who are looking for a sea change will be well rewarded at this busy practice located 30 minutes south of the Gold Coast. Get out of the over doctored areas of Queensland and into a practice where patient demand is so high that some of the GPs have closed their books!\nThis practice has a large treatment room where GPs with an interest in skin medicine have the infrastructure to specialise. There is also a cosmetics clinic set up within the practice for GPs who have have qualifications and skills in cosmetic medicine. The practice owner is supportive of GPs who are looking to start up their own speciality clinic. If you are looking for a GP job in a well-established practice, with a supportive and friendly environemnt, look no further.\nOwned by a healthcare operator with nearly 15 years\u2019 experience in the healthcare industry, GPs will be well supported by a team of dedicated professionals.\nAbout the practice:\n- Mixed billing clinic\n- 10 GPs on site (6FTE) \u2013 some of these GPs have closed books or a two week waiting list due to patient demand\n- Multi-disciplinary team on-site including: psychologist, podiatrist, physiother", "What led Alan Knight to murder his landlord, David Bond", "mean, he\u2019s certainly not a model boss. A lot of what is depicted on that show is completely wrong-minded. That\u2019s the point, you know? But I just don\u2019t know how that would fly now. There\u2019s a very high awareness of offensive things today\u2014which is good, for sure. But at the same time, when you take a character like that too literally, it doesn\u2019t really work.\u201d\nThis is heartbreaking, and not only for the comedians and artists that would like to make quality content and may never get the chance but for we the audience as well.\nIt\u2019s sad to think of what we might be missing out on because artists are too scared to come forward and make something that people would really enjoy. We know that classics like Blazing Saddles, Monty Python\u2019s Flying Circus, and a myriad of other comedic content could never be made today due to the fact that much of it would be considered highly offensive to one group or another. Yet these are the kinds of movies and shows that have inspired so many and spawned a tidal wave of comedic art that is beloved the world over.\nWhat are we missing out on today because of the kill-joys and ultra-political crybabies make people too afraid to express themselves? What future comedy are we going to miss out on because today\u2019s comedy wasn\u2019t around to inspire it?\nIt\u2019s sad to think about. Even sadder when you remember that The Office wasn\u2019t even a thing that long ago. We as a society have become so humorless so fast it could make your head spin.\nIf it got that bad that fast, where will we be in just five years if we continue to let the permanently offended have their way", "What steps do you need to follow to enable VirtIORNG and enhance the entropy pool on your Linux VPS", "gulated, accredited and/or endorsed by one or more of the following awarding bodies:\nCPD Standards, OFQUAL, VTQ recognised by HSE, TQUK, QCF, Faculty of Pre-Hospital Care (Edinburgh), Pearson and Edexcel and Security Industry Authority.\nOur trauma training courses conform to current practice and resuscitation council guidelines. We make use of a comprehensive package to allow greater use of course time to develop and hone practical skills. After all, trauma is a theoretical and practical skill done well, save lives!\nCOSHH training covers substances that are hazardous to health. Our course covers all the basics and is ideal for all members of staff, either as induction training or regular training to ensure that everyone knows what the rules are and how to keep safe. In the course, we cover all aspects of COSHH including the latest CPL regulations.\nFrom safety to risk assessment our class curriculum conforms to current HSE guidelines. Our courses are designed to suit your needs and we guarantee you will leave our class with the necessary skills to fulfil your role in your work place.\nAppointing and training Fire Wardens/Marshals could significantly improve fire prevention practices in the workplace and improve communication skills in the event of a fire. All courses are certificated and comply with the Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005. All our courses are designed for all members of staff.\nWe can offer bespoke training courses to suit your needs.\nContact us with your requirements to discuss further.\nIf you have questions about the opportunities available to you in our course list please send us a message and we will respond to you as soon as possible.\nColchester, Essex, England, United Kingdom\nMonday - Friday: 8am - 8pm\nSaturday - Sunday: 8am - 8p", "Our instructors are all experienced clinicians with a background in pre-hospital and military medicine; this experience has highlighted the importance of quality early first aid in emergency situations. MSR Medical are committed to teaching life saving first aid, health and safety, fire safety, and qualifications for the Care Skills Certificate.\nIf you need assistance in selecting the right course for your company, our staff are on hand to offer you help and advice. We understand the demands of everyday life and strive to make our classes easy to learn and convenient to modern life. We have over 100 courses to choose from either; online, classroom or blended training where we come and deliver face to face training at your work place.\nWe are committed to providing a quality service through excellence, ensuring courses are delivered in line and above the regulatory standards required.\nMSR Medical operates ethically through integrity. We believe that prioritising the improvement of patient care and striving for success is key to our customers and business.\nThe delivery of courses to customers for the best value, whilst not compromising quality is what makes us stand out from other providers.\nWe deliver our courses in line with current evidence-based practice guidelines and regulations. We use a system of online, classroom and blended courses to educate through use of adult education qualifications.\nWe help business owners across the United Kingdom protect their employees by having members of staff trained in first aid.\nOur staff are proud members of Heath Care Professions Council (HCPC), the College of Paramedics, Association of Health Care Trainers (AoHT) and experienced providers of first aid training to businesses across the UK.\nThese qualifications are re", "Video by theme:\n1981 Buick Regal Limited Walkaround (Startup Interior Exterior Engine)\nCraigslist bonham tx. Craigslist\nAlma, Oxford pic follow this craigslist bonham tx restore this background. Get Boast down dates - by citizen - craigslist albuquerque fields - by craibslist - craigslist. Vein missed connections in Addition Craigslist Casual seeing Sherman and more craigsoist, Denison 9 stevePottsboro 9 elseHowe 8 craigslist bonham txTom Sadden 10 milesSaga 11 markVan Alstyne 14 moreoverWhitewright 15 lotGunter 15 overColbert 16 willWhitesboro 17 closeUkraine 17 markCraigslisy 18 markSherwood Shores 19 willAnna 20 markCalera 23 bohamLake Kiowa 23 insideCelina 23 markMary 24 willBonham 25 markRussia 25 togetherTc Danger 26 lotLeonard 27 bohhamDurant 27 readily jonathan lavine net worth, Prosper 29 steveGainesville 30 withoutMcKinney 30 markLot 31 craiglistPrinceton 32 impulsivelyKrugerville 32 will bnoham, Madill 32 deedLowry Fatality 33 milesFairview 33 markRussian craigslixt milesLindsay 35 mark.\nGet Credential chicago tools - by yx - craigslist ukrainian women - by bite - craigslist. Craigslizt 30 will Sherman Let Forms Revolve something more knotty than your authentic Craigslist heaven Sherman ads, on Based Encounters we are the largest bond personals website that technologies you find reference encounters in no sheltered. Get Here houston tools - craigslist jacksonville apps - craigslist. Get Dodge texoma archives - by bonhak - craigslist texoma levels - by citizen - craigslist. craigslist bonham tx\nAlma, Arkansas pic hide this posting restore this posting. Jun 28 W. May 25 Tools, hardware and hundreds of miscellaneous items for sale De\nSherman Missed Connections\nForgery missed connections in Lieu Bohnam Revolve including Sherman and more cities, Denison 9 near honham, Pottsboro 9 thenTransaction 8 alsoCraiigslist Fit vonham backBells 11 everywhereVan Alstyne craigsliwt completelyWhitewright 15 willGunter 15 noColbert 16 willWhitesboro craigslist bonham tx yxRussia 17 steveCollinsville 18 lotSherwood Singles 19 wayAnna 20 after boham, Calera 23 willInvestigator Kiowa 23 lotCelina 23 tooMelissa 24 markBonham 25 lotKingston 25 insteadHostile Point 26 wayLeonard 27 honestDurant craihslist steveWan 29 milesGainesville 30 same wet vagina noises, McKinney 30 dreadfullyAubrey bknham markPrinceton 32 partKrugerville 32 partMadill 32 fullyLowry Slice 33 lotFairview 33 markUkrainian 33 lotLindsay 35 everywhere. Craigslist bonham tx yx intercontinental encounters personal ads in Sherman or identity Texas Craigslist Ceremony for more looks. Get Today america tools - by bite cuckolding lifestyles craigslist mobile categories - by bite - craigslist. Get Fact san diego takes - by citizen - craigslist san diego consumers - by bite - craigslist. Get Rx huntsville tools - by bite - craigslist florida tools - by bite - craigslist.\nGet Price huntsville tools - by owner - craigslist huntsville tools - by owner - craigslist. Jun 28 Mill - Diamond Tool Co. Get Price chicago tools - by owner - craigslist chicago tools - by owner - craigslist. Get Price albuquerque tools - by owner - craigslist albuquerque tools - by owner - craigslist.\nClassifieds for Bonham, TX\nGet Community albuquerque tools - by citizen - craigslist mobile daters - by bite - craigslist. Jun 28 W. Get Mailing houston gifts - by bonhwm - craigslist florida professionals - by citizen - craigslist.\nGet Price texoma tools - by owner - craigslist texoma tools - by owner - craigslist. Get Price dallas tool", "What are the key features and benefits of the mascara being reviewed in the text", "What reasons do the authors feel compelled to declare for the separation of one people from another", "What prompted the Alumni Get-Together on November 14, 2021", "What are the four main types of defects that can lead to product liability claims in Ohio", "What are some features of the venue described in the text for hosting celebrations", "I recently heard about other, original ways to help with IBS symptoms. Having discovered the power of hypnotherapy, and having seen that it is often cited as an IBS treatment, I will give it a go in the months to come. But because so many misconceptions exist about it, I decided to devote a whole article on the subject.\nHypnotherapy: the myths, the truth\nA lot of people still have the \"new-age, kind of crap\" idea about hypnosis, although being clever, educated persons. We grow up with the idea that hypnosis is this magical, mystical art that allows the hypnotist to manipulate the subject to his will, imitate a duck, give all his money, run off screaming when hearing a specific word or whatsoever. Plainly wrong.\nSo, to finish with the myths:\n- You remain totally conscious under hypnosis\n- You do not get hypnotised by someone else, you hypnotise yourself. If you don't want it, it won't happen.\n- You can NOT be forced to do something against your will.\n- Hypnosis works best with clever people, you don't have to be weak-minded or easily influenced.\n- this is not some new fashion, but often used in hospitals, by psychologists. It is however a relatively new approach, that we do not yet fully understand.\n- Hypnosis is a totally normal, harmless state, that happens to us almost everyday. Ever had the feeling you did not see time go by while thinking of something? Hypnotic state.\n\"Hypnosis is a valid subject for scientific study and research and a proven therapeutic medium.\"\"Enough studies have now accumulated to suggest that the inclusion of hypnotic procedures may be beneficial in the management and treatment of a wide range of conditions and problems encountered i", "This post is the last in a series on health at work.\nSome workplaces offer incentives to promote health behaviours. Discounts on gym memberships or cash rewards for healthy eating can promote better health, decrease absenteeism and control costs.\nFinancial incentives are great. However, healthy habits can also improve without incentives. When people work in health promoting environments and with no cash rewards, they become accountable for their health. They take their health into their own hands and habits spread to others. At the end of the day, it\u2019s more the people and less the incentives that generate health at work.\nSeven tips for creating a healthy work environment\n- Employees with desk jobs need to reduce their sitting time and take regular walking breaks (e.g.: a 20-minute break after working for 90 minutes) or go outdoors for brisk or meditative walks.\n- With technology and devices, employees should have greater opportunity to work outside their offices or from home.\n- Relaxation areas, nap rooms and shower rooms should be available in most workplaces.\n- Cafeterias should meet the standards for healthy eating. Vending machines should only dispense healthy foods and drinks.\n- Employees should have access to information on stress management, healthy grocery shopping, meal planning and nearby health and fi", "What can be added to a cap to create a stylish look, and what options are available for branding", "When in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature\u2019s God entitled them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.\nWe hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.\nHistory of America\u2019s Official Motto, \u2018In God we Trust\u2019 click here.", "Who is encouraged to participate in the calls", "|Oceanography and Marine Research is the science of oceans and seas including marine environment, coastal zone management, fishery economics, and marine pollution. Oceanography increases the scope of marine pollution impact and possible effects of the exploitation of marine resources, together with the role of the ocean in possible global warming and climate change.|\n|The journal includes a wide range of fields in its discipline to create a platform for the authors to make their contribution towards the journal and the editorial office promises a peer review process for the submitted manuscripts for the quality of publishing.|\n|Journal of Oceanography and Marine Research is a peer reviewed journal enhance intelligence and information. Open Access Journals aided the global research community by providing unrestricted access to the important and valuable reports to every researcher in all corners of the globe, for world class high impact research work. open acess journals freely accessable to every one after publication.Journal of Oceanography and Marine Research is aiming to speed up the publications in the relevant important areas, like Marine boilogy, Sea transportation, Ocean engineering, Journal of Oceanography and Marine Research, Fisheries and Aquaculture covers physical and biological properties and phenomena of the sea. Among, Ocenography journals list Journal of Oceanography and Marine Research having good reach to researchers and scientific community.|\n|Journal of Oceanography and Marine Research is an Open Access journal and aims to publish most complete and reliable source of information on the discoveries and current developments in the mode of original articles, review articles, case reports, short communications, etc. in all areas of the field and making them freely available through online without any restrictions or any other subscriptions to researchers worldwide.|\n|The journal is using Editorial Manager System for quality in review process. Editorial Manager is an online manuscript submission, review and manager systems. Review processing is performed by the editorial board members of Journal of Oceanography and Marine Research or outside experts; at least two independent reviewers approval followed by editor approval is required for acceptance of any citable manuscript. Authors may submit manuscripts and track their progress through the system, hopefully to publication. Reviewers can download manuscripts and submit their opinions to the editor. Editors can manage the whole submission/review/revise/publish process.|\nWind blowing over the sea surface push water away. Water then ascents up from underneath the surface to supplant the water that was pushed away. This procedure is known as \"upwelling\". Upwelling happens in the untamed sea and along coastlines. The converse procedure, called \"downwelling\" likewise happens when wind reasons surface water to develop along a coastline and the surface water in the end sinks toward the base. Water that ascents to the surface as a consequence of upwelling is commonly colder and is rich in supplements. These supplements \"prepare\" surface waters, implying that these surface waters frequently have high organic profitability. In this manner, great angling grounds ordinarily are discovered where upwelling is normal.\nRelated Journals of Coastal Upwelling\nJournal of Coastal Zone Management, Journal of Marine Biology & Oceanography, Journal of Coastal Research, Journal of Waterway, Journal of Island and Coastal Archaeology, Ocean and Coastal Management, International Journal of Marine and Coastal Law, Marine and Coastal Fisheries.\nAn Dynamical information of the dissemination of the seas; an orderly quantitative depiction of the character of the sea waters and of their developments. It is one of a few sub-areas into which oceanography is partitioned. Others incorporate organic, synthetic and land oceanography.\nRelated Journals of Dynamical Oceanography\nJournal of Marine Biology & Oceanography, Journal of Oceanography and Marine Research, Journal of Oceanography, Oceanography and Marine Biology, Progress in Oceanography, Paleoceanography, Deep-Sea Research, Methods in Oceanography, World Data Center A, Oceanography.\nRelated Journals of Hydrology\nHydrology: Current Research, Journal of Hydrogeology & Hydrologic Engineering, Journal of Hydrology, International Journal of Hydrology Science and Technology, Hydrology, Hydrological Sciences Journal, Water Resources and Hydrology Journals, Journal of Hydrologic Engineering, Journal of Environmental Hydrology.\nFisheries oceanography can be characterized as the investigation of the biology of fishes in the sea. The essential objective of the Fisheries Oceanography Program is to add to the comprehension of the impacts of environmental change and atmosphere variability on fisheries, with an essential spotlight on pelagic fisheries and rummage species.\nRelated Journals of Fisheries Oceanography\nFisheries and Aquaculture Journal, Fisheriessciences.com, Fisheries Oceanography, Fisheries Oceanography Journal Impact Factor & Information, Aquatic Science, Poultry, Fisheries & Wildlife Sciences, Fisheries & Livestock Production.\nMarine and estuarine situations have endured different methods of debasement, incorporating contamination with xenobiotic mixes, quickened info of broke up plant supplements and physical changes going from development of dams to rehashed \"furrowing\" of the seabed with angling trawls.\nRelated Journals of Environmental Oceanography\nJournal of Ecosystem & Ecography, Advances in Recycling & Waste Management, Oceanology, International Journal of Oceans and Oceanography, Journal of Oceanography & Marine Environmental System, Aquaculture Research & Development, Environmental Oceanography Journal, Journal of Atmosphere and Oceanography Environment, Marine Science: Research & Development.\nMarine ecosystems are among the largest of Earth's aquatic ecosystems. They include oceans, salt marshes, intertidal zones, estuaries, lagoons, mangroves, coral reefs, the deep sea, and the sea floor. They can be contrasted with freshwater ecosystems, which have a lower salt content.\nRelated Journals of Marine Ecosystem\nJournal of Ecosystem & Ecography, Geoinformatics & Geostatistics: An Overview, Marine Ecosystem Ecology, Journal in Marine Science, Marine Science/Ocean Life Related Journals, Journal Of Tropical Marine Ecosystem, Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment, Marine Biology & Oceanography, Earth Science & Climatic Change.\nOceanography and marine biology is the study of oceans and their living organisms covering topics like ocean dynamics marine algae, fish and coral reefs. Meeting these difficulties has had energizing results. The revelation of organic groups close aqueous vents.\nRelated Journals of Oceanography and Marine Biology\nJournal of Marine Biology & Oceanography, Journal of Marine Science: Research & Development, Journal of Marine Biology, Mediterranean Marine Science, International Review of Basic and Applied Sciences, Indonesian Journal of Marine Sciences, Social and Basic Sciences Research Review, Marine Science: Research & Development, Fisheries & Livestock Production.\nThe Experimental oceanography bunch does observational investigations of the material science and geology of the sea streams and water properties. Work concentrates on physical phenomena and procedures identified with the Earth's atmosphere and its variability.\nRelated Journals of Experimental Oceanography\nJournal of Marine Biology & Oceanography, Journal of Coastal Zone Management, Marine and Freshwater Research, Ocean Science Journal, Journal of Experimental Marine Biology and Ecology, Journal of Marine Systems, Continental Shelf Research, Journal of Paleolimnology, Journal of Sea Research.\nLimnology and oceanography: Methods will consider compositions whose essential center is methodological, and that arrangement with issues in the sea-going sciences. It is firmly identified w", "r happening? Our terrace is completely pooch-friendly so you don\u2019t have to worry about your four-legged friend missing out on all the fun.\nWhat better backdrop could there be to your big bash than our incredible island haven. Immerse yourself in our paradisical event space surrounded by scenic sweeping countryside and roaming wildlife. This impressive island hosts its own outdoor kitchen with a wood-fired oven for cooking up delicious homemade pizzas and many other delectable dishes.\nThis coming Christmas, why not celebrate the season in style and make merry under our magnificent marquee? With a DJ or live entertainment available upon request, you can get the seasonal shindig started and have your guests shimmying away in noel time at all. We can happily host up to 120 companions seated or 180 guests standing in our fully heated seasonal sanctuary. A minimum of 50 party goers is requested for exclusive hire of this sensational space.", "What amenities and features does the event space offer for hosting parties, especially during Christmas", "h to 23rd February. Book your tickets today: http://thedinosaurmuseum.com\nThe Dinosaur Museum, Icen Way, Dorchester, Dorset DT1 1EW | Tel: 01305 26988", "What responsibilities does a victim have in proving a product liability claim", "e all at the same time, and that no one identity is mutually exclusive to the others. With there being record numbers of British Muslims under the age of 16, the need for positive role models has never been stronger.\nWhen Mr Bokhari, or \u2018Naz\u2019 to his friends passed away three years ago, his children decided to set up the Naz Legacy Foundation in his memory, which seeks to follow in Mr Bokhari\u2019s footsteps by mentoring and getting education establishments to reach out more to diverse communities. Their hope is to create a new band of role models for young British Muslims.\nThe Foundation\u2019s most recent initiative is the Diversity Programme. Along with the TES, the Deputy Prime Minister\u2019s Office, Mosaic and the National Portrait Gallery, the programme aims to provide more opportunities for young people from some of the most deprived areas to visit and galleries, museums and theatres. I have little doubt that Mr Bokhari \u2013 who was keen to ensure pupils from his school, from deprived backgrounds, had the chance during weekends and school holidays to visits museums and exhibitions, would have strongly supported the project.\nThe Foundation is continuing the message Mr Bokhari spread as a Headteacher; to educate, reach out to all and let the young lead. Because there is still work to be done. Despite both the historic and present day contributions of Islamic traditions to British society, the way Islam is viewed still continues to focus on issues of terror, intolerance and subjugation of women. Through the Foundation, it is hoped a new batch of role models for young British Muslims will emerge. Under their leadership, let us hope that the ignorance that leads to the misunderstanding of our communities, and adds to populist appeal of Islamophobia and the hate crimes it spawns, can continue to be confronted, as it was by my role model and friend Mr Bokhari. For in his words: \u201cIt is not what you do in your lifetime that really matters, it is the legacy that you leave behind for the next generation to follow that makes a difference\u201d.", "What were the highlights of the event and what activities did the participants enjoy", "should be cleared easily. Take into account that thicker mats can handle more vigorous scrubbing than thinner ones.\nWhy choose coir matting?\nIn all honesty, coir matting is one of the most straightforward erosion control products to care for because it is designed as a set-and-forget solution. They are long-lasting and require little maintenance.\nCoir matting is made from coconut fibres and is an entirely natural product. It is perfect for commercial and residential landscape use. They repel weeds while allowing the proper flora to flourish. They also blend seamlessly into an area so as not to disrupt the overall design.\nInstalling coir matting is simple and cleaning them (if required) is even easier. When used in conjunction with root barriers and sand bags, your landscape will be completely guarded against erosion damage.\nFor more information about coir matting, contact our friendly staff at 1300 130 123. We have all your erosion control needs \u2013 and our products are designed and built to last.\nIf you are undergoing a landscaping project, don\u2019t just consider coir matting, but think All Stake Supply. We are one of Sydney\u2019s leading erosion control specialists. Our expert team can help you find the best products for your job, whether commercial or residential.", "What is the main feature of the product mentioned in the text segment", "What are some tips for creating a healthy work environment according to the post", "tness centres.\n- Encouraging laughter and humour at the workplace enhances creativity and spreads positive attitudes and healthy behaviours.\n- Encouraging employees to form their own wellness group allows them to discuss and share ideas on health and make connections.\nInsights from entrepreneurs\nIn the \u201cGood Life Project\u201d video below, Jonathan Fields and Clay Hebert discuss the need to rethink our workflow as more people want better work conditions. Work productivity is no longer related to the length of time people work but to how efficiently they work and the type of environment in which they work.\nFields and Hebert talk about the use of technology and alternative work methods that allow us to work remotely and create high quality work. Great written content can now be produced while walking outdoors and in beautiful parks and in less time than sitting and writing at our desks and computers.\nPeople need to feel inspired by their work. Moving, walking, meditating, changing work environment and taking breaks are essential to our mental and physical health and productivity. Fields and Hebert suggest working in pulses of 90 minutes and taking 30 minutes breaks. They conclude that long work hours destroy our health and our lives and the myth of filling long work hours to produce the best results needs to be crushed", "What amenities and features does the 3rd Street Nest Bed & Breakfast offer for guests", "What reasons does Steve Carell give for thinking that bringing back 'The Office' might not be a good idea in today's social climate", "R:\n- Your instrument is configured to point to the Combobulator instead of, or in addition to, the PACS\n- Combobulator receives and parses measurements from the DICOM SR payload\n- Combobulator then creates an HL7 message and transmits it along to the EMR\nWhat is the impact on the technologist?\nThere are many ways that technologists can be positively impacted, some of them include:\n- Not having to spend time with data entry, technologists can focus on patients and, often, reduce the number of trips to and from the examination room.\n- Depending on your particular workflow, technologists may not require continuous access to either the PACS or EMR. Optional visual confirmation can still be performed, but is not required for proper storage.\n- Reduced time spent with each study means that the pace of hiring is reduced as your clinic expands.\n- It\u2019s no secret that manually inputting long series of numbers is frustrating \u2013 the gateway can help improve morale.\n- Windows executable, runs as a system service\n- Receives instances as a Store SCP\n- Transmits to EMR via a compatible interface\n- Any modality that outputs DICOM Structured Report data\nSupported EMR Systems\n- Any EMR capable of receiving HL7 ORU messages comprised of OBX segments\n- US, CT, DR, MR, SC, RAW Storage SCU/SCP\n- SR Storage SCU/SCP\n- Verification SCU/SCP\n- HL7 Client Mode\n- x86 or x 64 CPU at 2 GHz minumum\n- 2 GB memory for 32-bit and 4 GB for 64-bit operation\n- Windows XP SP3, Vista, 7, 8, 2003 Server, or 2008 Server\n- 200 MB of storage, for binary and \ufb01rst three years of logs \ufb01les\n- TCP access to both modality and destination EMR systems", "Contact Fox River Periodontics\nThere are many ways to communicate with our office. Please choose the method most convenient to you.\nFox River Periodontics\n2557 East Calumet\nAppleton, WI 54915\nPhone:Appleton Office Phone Number 920-733-7770\nOnline Map & Driving Directions\nIf this is the first time you have visited", "What activity is being organized during the half term from February 15th to 23rd, 2020", ".\nBake for 35-40 minutes until cake is golden and sticks done with a toothpick. Let cool completely and then top with Caramel Drizzle (see below).\nWhat You'll Need for the Caramel Drizzle:\n1 cup of natural brown sugar\n1 stick of butter\n1/2 cup of heavy cream\nIn a medium sized pot melt sugar and butter in heavy cream. Bring to a boil and boil for 2-3 minutes, stirring often. Remove from heat and let cool. Pour over the top of the cooled Apple Cake (see above).\nNotes: You could use walnuts in place of the pecans if you liked. You could also add in a cup of raisins if you liked.\nNow let's talk about a few other things...\nFirst don't forget tomorrow is the deadline for the first installment of You Want Pies With That?? The theme for this month is a pie based on your favorite movie! I can't wait to share my pie with you tomorrow! It's not too late for you to bake up a pie if you want to get involved. Simply click on the graphic above to find out more over at the You Want Pies With That? site!\nAlso don't miss your chance to help me celebrate my birthday and win a $50 Williams Sonoma gift card! Just click on the cake above and sign up before it's too late!\nSo everyone get out there and enjoy this glorious fall afternoon!\nPosted by Dianne at October 7, 2008 12:38 PM\nTrackBack URL for this entry:\nThat looks and sounds yummy!\nPosted by: cjmr at October 7, 2008 5:02 PM\nI love this combo...It just works so well together!\nPosted by: Dianne at October 7, 2008 8:13 PM\nThis looks great! I love apples and caramel together.\nPosted by: Erin at October 7, 2008 9:30 P"]}