{"q_indices": [121, 125, 75, 5, 87, 109, 0, 100, 53, 1, 74, 26, 32, 106, 65, 62, 67, 79, 84, 41, 119, 29, 30, 61, 46, 50, 42, 23, 8, 71, 39, 70, 19, 88, 58, 94, 4, 126, 27, 15, 43, 73, 120, 85, 83, 103, 115, 47, 86, 25, 112, 108, 80, 28, 14, 37, 21, 90, 18, 98, 60, 45, 34, 97], "a_indices": [104, 102, 105, 49, 99, 59, 2, 52, 81, 6, 95, 54, 122, 66, 89, 13, 110, 96, 111, 57, 40, 48, 36, 76, 38, 24, 72, 127, 116, 33, 123, 113, 9, 63, 69, 77, 56, 3, 68, 10, 22, 55, 64, 107, 51, 117, 91, 92, 78, 16, 82, 12, 93, 101, 31, 11, 17, 20, 118, 44, 7, 124, 114, 35], "texts": ["What can attendees expect at Chris Daughtry's concert on August 8", "What has the author been using to address their difficulty in sleeping", "For Daughtry, it's all about the rock\nWANT TO GO?\nWith Beta Wolf and Mike Ruocco\nWHERE: Clay Center\nWHEN: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, August 8\nTICKETS: $35, $45 and $50\nINFO: 304-561-3570 or www.theclaycenter.org\nCHARLESTON, W.Va. -- Pop music runs in cycles. Sometimes one style is hot and then in a season or two, it's out of fashion. The audience moves on, exchanges one set of instruments for another and picks new faces to turn into American idols.\nNobody knows this better than rock star Chris Daughtry.\nThe 32-year-old \"American Idol\" contestant-turned-platinum selling recording artist performs Wednesday, August 8 with his band at the Clay Center. He said he's very much aware of the current musical landscape.\n\"When you turn on the radio, the last thing you're going to hear is a distorted guitar,\" he said. \"You're going to hear mostly synths and drum beats. Everything is so pop oriented. I sometimes wonder where we fit in on the radio.\"\nChris Daughtry broke through on the charts after placing fourth on \"American Idol\" in 2006. Originally offered the chance to lead one of his favorite bands, Fuel, he turned it down to strike out with his own band, Daughtry.\nIt turned out to be a good bet. The singer/songwriter from North Carolina scored a number of hits and released two multi-platinum selling albums, but as he pointed out, a lot has changed since he first started out.\n\"It's very different than what it was a few years ago when bands like us, Shinedown and Nickelback kind of dominated Hot AC [adult contemporary charts].\"\nNow, he said, the Top 40 airwaves mostly belong to pop singers and electronic artists.\nDespite the apparent change in the music scene, Daughtry is still doing pretty well. The band's latest record, \"Break The Spell,\" hit stores in late November a", "s our waste.\nSo Birmingham City Council can close Tyseley Incinerator.\nWe\u2019re asking people to take part in the survey and tell Birmingham City Council that they want a zero waste Birmingham.Fill in the council\u2019s Future Waste Strategy Survey\nPeople can tell Birmingham City Council that they want this greener waste system by answering questions 8, 9, 10, 18, 21, 28 & 29 in the survey.\nThere are a total of 49 questions on the survey, but only question 47 is obligatory.\nThe deadline for the survey is the 6th of January, so there\u2019s not much time left to fill it out!Fill in the council\u2019s Future Waste Strategy Surve", "What noticeable percentage of waste could be composted or digested instead of being incinerated in Birmingham", "What team is Asamoah reportedly joining after leaving the Serie A champions", "off.\nI\u2019ve lately found it difficult to asleep. Have gone back to using Niquil. And I dread having to wake knowing the next day will full of pain and exhaustion for bread crumbs in wages. Sigh\u2026 What\u2019s wrong with me? Plenty", "Hosting a Visiting Scholar is a great opportunity to build international collaborations and research, while introducing your students to another culture and perspectives. Before agreeing to host a Visiting Scholar, please read the following department responsibilities.\nThe department is responsible for:\nCheck-In:Upon arrival, each visitor is required to meet with an OIS a", "What is the name of the stamp set being featured in the Sale-a-Bration promotion", "A Fishing for Litter pilot project was developed in the Galician Rias (NW Spain). Fishermen for different fleets brought ashore the litter collected in their nets during ordinary fishing operations (both gillnets & trawling nets). The project ran from 2009-2010 and operated for 6 months of each year.\nParticipants included Fishing associations, CETMAR, Ports of Galicia, Port of Vigo, Port of Marin and Port of Coru\u00f1a, port waste managers. The project was funded by the Ministry in charge of the Environment\nThe 152 vessels that participated included artisanal boats and coastal trawlers. Ship length ranged from 6m to 30 m. Six hundred fishermen participated in the project.\nThe aims of the pilot project were to:\n\u2013 Improve knowledge and understanding of marine litter in Galician waters\n\u2013 Reduce the amount of marine litter and collect data about location, typology, quantities, possible sources and trends.\n\u2013 Evaluate the feasibility of implementing a sustainable scheme in Galician Por", "or in properly structuring a complex risk program with regard to investment activity exposures, standardized indemnification agreements, and portfolio company risks.\n- Represented institutional investors/bondholders in suit against indenture trustee after bankruptcy of bond issuer.\n- Obtained an arbitration award of over $100 million on behalf of bondholders in an ICDR arbitration involving complex breach of contract and corporate veil-piercing issues;\n- Obtained dismissal on behalf of a multinational bank of all claims in an action alleging violations of the Anti-Terrorism Act and Alien Tort Claims Act;\n- Favorably settled CGL advertising liability coverage claim on behalf of Insured in ICC arbitration;\n- Successfully defended C-Suite executives in civil actions alleging securities fraud;\n- Successfully defended minority owners of an overvalued hedge fund in civil and regulatory actions after which no charges were brought against the clients;\n- Obtained summary judgment dismissing all claims against an art museum that was sued for conversion of antiquities allegedly misappropriated approximately 100 years ago;\n- Conducted various internal investigations arising out of anonymous allegations of fraud and securities fraud;\n- Successfully defended several plaintiffs in multiple putative class actions alleging website inaccessibility and violations of the Americans With Disabilities Act; and\n- Obtained post-deportation repatriation and asylum for pro bono client wrongfully deported by USCIS.\nRecognition & Awards\n- Included on Crain's New York Business Leading Women Lawyers in New York City (2018), a list of 100 \u201cwomen who juggle both distinguished careers and exceptional civic and philanthropic activities.\"\n- New York Super Lawyers: General Litigation (2015 \u2013 2018)\n- Pro Bono Star Award For Excellence In Legal Advocacy - Human Rights First (2013)\n- New York Super Lawyers: Rising Star - General Litigation (2011 \u2013 2014)\n- Mintz Pro Bono Award (2008)\n- Board Vice-Chair, Womankind", "ngth in the midst of the difficult struggle.\nSpeaking at a Mother\u2019s Day service at The Source Church in Bradenton, Florida, in May, Beth described her fight against cancer as \u201cthe ultimate test of faith,\u201d adding, \u201cIt is the evidence of things hoped for and it is the substance of things not known.\u201d\n\u201cI am not defeated by my weakness and endure in this treatment,\u201d she said. \u201cWhen I am surrounded with troubles on every side, and when I face persecution, because of my love for Christ, I am made yet stronger now.\u201d\nBeth was first diagnosed with throat cancer in September 2017. Soon thereafter, she underwent a successful 13-hour surgery to remove a massive tumor from her neck. But in November 2018, the disease resurfaced as stage-four lung cancer.\nShe was rushed to the hospital in April, when doctors discovered nearly four liters of fluid in her lungs. Beth passed away in Hawaii, where they lived, on Wednesday at 5:32 a.m", "me benefit in the treatment of wound infections.\n- Topically applied honey apparently is very beneficial in the treatment of skin ulcers commonly seen in diabetics. Other uses for honey include treatment of gastroenteritis in infants and children. The honey seems to decrease the amount of bacterial diarrhea in this condition and can be used in place of oral glucose in providing rehydration therapy in this disorder.\n- For the last ten years or so, beekeepers have noticed an alarming increase in the rate of hive loss, often 30-50% in many areas. Since bees are heavily involved in pollination, as many as one hundred different agricultural products could soon be in short supply. It is thought that widespread use of certain pesticides is a major contributor to this decrease in the bee population.\nShow What You Know\nUse the links below to learn more about honey. Then answer the following questions.\n- What is the cause of the different colors seen in honey?\n- Why should honey not be given to infants?\n- What are the amounts of the two major monosaccharides in honey?\n- What contributes to the antibacterial properties of honey?\n- Is honey beneficial to diabetics", "ear Wings are our very latest thinking in rear wing design, suitable for...\nDefault Title - $220.00 USD\nAdd to Cart\nAdd to wishlist\nAdd to compar", "How old was Beth Chapman when she passed away and what illness had she been battling", "What recognition has the attorney received for their legal work and advocacy efforts", "se sa contract. Hindi po kami nakikipag-away. Gusto lang namin hingin ang pamamagitan ng hukuman kasi hindi sila magkasundo. We are not closing the door for a fruitful discussing with the GMA Network Inc,\" the lawyer said.\nAbrenica said seeking court remedy is not an easy decision. \"Pinag-isipan ko po ng mabuti. Napakahirap lalo na yung mag posibleng mangyari, pero para sa akin worth it po, worth it po 'yung gagawin ko ngayon,\" he said.\nThe actor expressed hope that the matter will be resolved amicably.\n\"Sa kabila ng lahat, ang dasal ko lang na sana may matutunan ang magkabilang panig. At pagkatapos nito, magkaroon parin ng magandang relasyon dahil hindi ko makakalimutan yung pinagsamahan,\" he said.\n\"Nagpapasalamat po ako sa GMA sa oportunidad at tiwala na ibinigay nila sa ilang taon ko na sa industriya. Hinding hindi ko makakalimutan yun,\" he added.\nMeanwhile, Abrenica denied a supposed offer by a rival network.\nIn a statement, GMA Network said the company has not yet received a copy of the complaint filed by Abrenica.\n\"A statement will be issued when we have received and reviewed the contents of the complaint,\" the network said. (Sunnex", "I love this phrase because it\u2019s just obscure enough that people think they should know what it means. (To be in a state of confusion or disarray.)\nThis post was intended to be about things that give me pause, but while checking on the phrase\u2019s origin, I found some things to add to the list.\nI had thought that the expression referred to numbers in a game of chance that were the riskiest and therefore led the gambler to some confusion about whether or not to make the bet.\nThat is true, but the better story comes from the possible second origin. I am still slightly at sixes and sevens about the whole thing.\nEngland has something called an order of precedence for their livery companies. A livery company is a trade association and does not have anything to do with horses (which confused me very much the first time I read through the description of the dispute.)\nThe livery of Merchant Taylors (tailors) and the livery of Skinners were both chartered in 1327. They became the sixth and seventh trade associations in England. There is no surviving record of which was chartered first, but they started fighting about it almost immediately. Wouldn\u2019t they have had to be chartered at the same place? Did someone bribe the clerk to change a date? The English were pretty fussy about their hierarchies.\nIt got so bad that in 1484 the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Robert Billesden, decided that at the Feast of Corpus Christi (how many know when that is?) the associations would swap places and feast in each other\u2019s halls. It seems to be that skinners and tailors would attract a completely different type of crowd. Perhaps leg of boar one year and pheasant the next? Whiskey and mead? I love the mayor\u2019s title.\nThe associations still swap places every year. They are still known as liveries. Both are part of the Great Twelve City Livery Companies (the top 12 in the listing). Sadly, the armor makers did not make the cut. English hierarchy remains alive and well in 21st century Britain.\nOne last note: the liveries maintain the word \u201cworshipful\u201d in their title (e.g., Worshipful Company of Fishmongers \u2013 #4). It\u2019s not clear who they were worshipping, God or", "What recent development has made London City airport significant in the field of air traffic control", "What were the main aims of the Fishing for Litter pilot project developed in Galicia", "King. I think it was basically the same at the time. I would guess neither today. We just don\u2019t have that kind of tradition here in the U.S.\nWhy do medieval English feasts always make me think of a bunch of people sitting around in the semi-dark eating greasy joints of some animal? Somebody there had to be eating the rest of it.\nWas there anyone else whose first reaction to last week\u2019s mega-storm on the east coast was to make sure it wasn\u2019t going to hit them before it got to its destination? And be happy that it was going somewhere else?\nDo politicians running for President get as tired of listening to themselves as the rest of us do? I think it should be like Family Feud: two candidates go head to head to see who can guess what Americans really want. Then they\u2019ll know what they should promise (well aware that they won\u2019t be able to do it.)\nWhy would someone come into a mega-store and ask whether we carry Amazon Fire Sticks? Do they not understand the concept behind Amazon?\nAlso unclear on the concept: the lady who returned her slow cooker saying that it cooked too slowly. (Yes, it did work correctly.)\nIf an airline can claim that they have arrived on-time even though they have to sit in queue for an hour and a half, why doesn\u2019t that principle apply for arriving for the meeting they scheduled around your flight?\nIt\u2019s ironic that they originally built Washington, D.C. on a swamp. I think some of the original residents may still be wandering the government halls.\nI did not realize that there are Lego sets now that need to be locked down because they cost more than $100.\nI think I need to buy one of the tablets they make for toddlers. They look totally indestructible.\nHow many kids appreciate (or can even see) the color gradations in a 156-color box of Crayons?\nWhy can you buy (really) inferior brands of chocolate at Christmas, Valentine\u2019s Day, and Easter that are not available the rest of the year? Is it just a sideline for a wax company?\nIs your beloved cheap, broke, or chocolate-blind if he/she buys you one of those atrocities? Is it worse to be cheap or chocolate-blind?\nWhy can\u2019t I find any cards to send for Groundhog Day", "What is the connection between the expressions 'sixes and sevens' and the rivalry between the Merchant Taylors and the Skinners in England", "DAYL is accepting nominations for its Outstanding Young Lawyer Award, the Liberty Bell Award, and the Outstanding Mentor Award. The recipients will be presented with their awards at the DBA Annual Law Day Luncheon. Each winner will then be submitted to the Texas Young Lawyers Association for statewide consideration.\nOutstanding Young Lawyer Award\nTo be eligible for selection as the DAYL\u2019s Outstanding Young Lawyer, nominees must have been 36 years of age or younger as of June 1, 2013. In addition, nominees must be licensed to practice law in Texas and be members in good standing of the State Bar. The Awards Committee will consider all outstanding qualities of a nominee, including (1) exemplified professional proficiency; (2) service to the profession; and (3) service to the community.\nLiberty Bell Award\nThe Liberty Bell Award recognizes a non-lawyer of any age who has made a selfless contribution to the community by strengthening the effectiveness of the American system of justice. The categories of community service to be considered include activities that (1) promote a better understanding of our form of government, especially the Bill of", "Which specific scents are mentioned as summer favorites in the text", "tomers communicate and experience the advantage of adding power of mobility to the internet. There are numerous avenues for the customer to have faster access to entertainment, better fulfilment of their information needs and a smarter way to communication while on go. We expect a strong uptake and high demand for these 3G Services and welcome our customers of UP West and Uttarakhand to enjoy high speed internet access and a host of other exciting services on their mobile devices. As we bring the power of 3G to UP West and Uttarakhand today, we are confident that this launch will add impetus to the expansion of data services in India\u201d\nFor plans and more details visit http://www.airtel.in/Airtel3G/", "What did the actor express hope for regarding the resolution of the matter with GMA Network Inc.", "What types of issues does Crystal help clients manage or heal through her sessions", "What areas of commercial litigation does Narges specialize in", "What are the potential benefits of gamified digital games for older adults according to the text segment", "What features does the property include as mentioned in the text", "What led to the gunfight in Tral area and what was the outcome", "Duane \u201cDog\u201d Chapman spoke out Thursday about the death one day before of his 51-year-old wife Beth Chapman, who had been battling cancer since 2017.\nSpeaking to reporters, he referenced John 11, which chronicles the miraculous encounter that resulted in Jesus raising Lazarus from the dead.\n\u201cI love her so much,\u201d Chapman said of Beth, according to TMZ. \u201cAs Lazarus laid, Jesus said, \u2018He\u2019s not dead. He\u2019s sleeping.\u2019 My final words were, \u2018Beth isn\u2019t dead. She\u2019s sleeping.\u201d\nEarlier during his remarks, the famous TV star, who has been outspoken about his Christian faith, joked his late wife was a \u201ccontrol person.\u201d\n\u201cAnd so not from the grave, but from heaven,\u201d he said, \u201cI\u2019m sure she\u2019s still controlling me.\u201d\nOn Wednesday, when he announced her passing, Chapman wrote on Twitter that Beth \u201chiked the stairway to heaven.\u201d\nAs for Beth, she was very transparent about her battle with cancer and how her Christian faith gave her stre", "What constitutes conclusive proof of when an inventor thought of their idea", "of shine and color.\nAnd what are we thinking of the Brick Wall embossing folder as the background? I used it for texture along the back of the card\u2026 I kind of like it in Mint! Then add a hint of the Watermelon Wonder satin ribbon\u2026 seriously the BEST ribbon in the Occasions Catalog!\nAnd don\u2019t forget the finishing touch of the Mint Macaron/Black Baker\u2019s Twine from the combo pack! Tie it in the crease of your card for the just right final touch!\nKeep it Simple \u2013 Emboss Resist Botanicals For You\nNow, if you want to keep it really simple, I have one more option for you\u2026. this sweet and simple emboss resist card.\nAll you have to do is stamp your sentiment in Versamark and then heat emboss with white embossing powder.\nSponge your favorite color over the top with the yellow Stampin\u2019 Sponges and and the color won\u2019t stick to your words but will make them really POP!\nLayer on coordinating cardstock and then pop up on Stampin\u2019 Dimensionals over your favorite ribbon and/or twine\u2026 love that gold baker\u2019s twine! And you are done!\nShop online and get the Botanicals For You stamp set for free with your $50 order!\nSteal the BIG deal and join our fun group \u2013 the Fun n\u2019 Crafty Stampers! Get started here \u2013http://nwstamper.stampinup.net/jointhefun\n***Use Hostess Code MZ2REKD7 at check out to get a special thank you from me!**", "What does the Gadsden Flag designed by Benjamin Franklin feature and what does it symbolize", "through the Gadsden Flag or often referred as the \"Don't Tread on Me Flag\".\nThe Gadsden Flag is named after Christopher Gadsden who was the American patriot that mulled around Philadelphia, Pennsylvania during the 1700's, making contributions to American History. He did many things such as led the Sons of Liberty, was made colonel in the Continental Army, was a part of the Continental Congress, and eventually adopted the Gadsden flag as his personal standard, \"Don't tread on me.\" Although Benjamin Franklin was the creator of the Gadsden Flag and established the overall meaning, Christopher Gadsden was the man who lived out the Gadsden flags true meaning", "Srinagar: Two Jaish-e-Mohammad (JeM) militants on Tuesday were killed in a fierce gunfight with government forces in Tral area of south Kashmir\u2019s Pulwama district, police said.\nActing in specific inputs suggesting presence of militants, special operations group (SOG) of police, army\u2019s 42 RR and CRPF laid a siege Saimoh village of Tral in the wee hours today and launched a search operation. When the joint team started advances, the militants hiding in a residential house opened indiscriminate fire upon them in a bid to break the cordon.\n\u201cIn the ensuing encounter, two militants have been killed and their bodies have been retrieved from the site of encounter. The identification and affiliation of the killed militants is being ascertained,\u201d police said.\nPolice said that two AK Rifles, 5 magazines and 80 rounds, two pistols with 10 rounds and two hand grenades were recovered from the gunfight spot.\n\u201cAll the recovered materials have been taken into case records for further investigation and to probe their complicity in other crimes,\u201d a police spokesperson said, while describing it as a \u201cclean operation\u201d with no collateral damage.", "What did Beth describe her fight against cancer as during her Mother's Day service remark", "Airtel rolls out 3G services in West UP and Uttarakhand\nThe 3G services by Airtel have reached Western Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand. Bharti Airtel has rolled out the 3G service in the key cities of Dehradun, Agra and Meerut and will be covering 30 towns in the next 180 days. They have also established 11 3G Experience Zones in Dehradun, 12 in Agra and another 12 in Meerut for their customers. High-speed internet, video calling, video talkies and Mobile TV will be some of the offerings by the company on the 3G network.\nThe 3G service launch in Meerut saw Mr. Deepak Mehrotra, Operations Director-North & West, Mobile Services, Bharti Airtel who said, \u201cAirtel\u2019s 3G services will change the way our cus", "What types of materials are included in the 25 tileable textures offered for various design projects", "Immaculate waterfront home with western exposure to enjoy those florida sunsets on the dock! Take a look at the spectacular VIRTUAL TOUR LINK. This home is located in the heart of Cape Coral in the most desirable sw area of Cape Coral. Close to numerous restaurants, shops, parks, and marinas. Easy access in and out of Cape Coral via Cape Coral Bridge or Midpoint Bridge. This home has almost 2200", "What event did Owens speak at this year among various participants and when is the next Reuters Summit scheduled", "What emotions does the author experience at the end of the summer", "What are the eligibility criteria for the Outstanding Young Lawyer Award as described by DAYL", "igate their impact. This increases the efficiency and sustainability of flights and reduces the financial impact for airlines.\nReports and data\n- EUROCONTROL Data Snapshot #10 - Our tenth EUROCONTROL Data Snapshot is here and our focus is on the overload on the use of Surveillance Radar.\n- Pandemic spurs innovativ at DFS - DFS controlled 1.46 million flights last year \u2013 the lowest number ever and 56.2 percent fewer than in 2019 (3.3 million). Overall, take-offs and landings at the 16 designated international airports fell by 58.7 percent.\n- Fraport Traffic Figures \u2013 April 2021: Passenger Traffic Still Low at Frankfurt Airport - Frankfurt\u2019s strong cargo growth continues unabated \u2013 Passenger traffic at the Group airports worldwide remains well below pre-pandemic levels. With 15,486 takeoffs and landings, aircraft movements rose by 137.8 percent compared to April 2020.\nResearch and innovation\n- Digitalisation in air traffic management \u2013 the Polish touch - Digitalisation is the best way to make air traffic management more efficient, believes Jaros\u0142aw Pie\u0142unowicz, PANSA, who is leading research into a number of automation solutions to support controllers in their work, as part of the SESAR JU\u2019s flagship projects, PROSA (PJ.10) and 4DSkyways (PJ18W2). In this article, he gives an update on the projects\u2019 work and how they are supporting the move to a digital European sky.\nUAV and UTM\n- South Korea's defence research agency \"develops drone obstacle avoidance technology\" - Unmanned airspace - South Korea\u2019s Agency for Defence Development has built an obstacle-avoidance system for drones and air taxis, reports ajudaily.com.\n- Boeing proposes deeper partnerships with Switzerland on UAS, UTM and detect-and-avoid research - Unmanned airspace - Boeing is proposing 11 new unmanned aircraft system research projects with partners across Switzerland\u2019s French, Italian and German-speaking regions. .\n- The next priorities for EASA and FAA on U-space/UTM regulation \u2013 GUTMA Harmonized Skies webinar - Unmanned airspace - EASA and McKinsey will publish a joint study next week on societal acceptance of urban air mobility, according to Maria Algar Ruiz, Drone Programme Manager at EASA speaking at the first GUTMA 2021 Harmonized Skies webinar series, chaired by the Secretary-General, Koen De Vos.\n- Latvian air navigation service provider LGS plans digital infrastructure to support drone operations - Unmanned airspace - In order to promote the controlled and safe use of unmanned aerial vehicles in Latvian airspace, LGS and domestic technology innovation company SIA Latvijas Mobilais Telefons have signed a memorandum of understanding on cooperation in research and development projects.\nGet more from the radar\nWe scan many information sources to keep thousands of readers informed via our LinkedIn page, our website and our newsletter. If you have any information you want to share about your projects, products, researches or events, contact us at email@example.com to get on the radar.", "What documents should a scholar bring to the check-in required by the OIS upon arrival in the United States", "What are some of the cities that Airtel has launched its 3G services in within West UP and Uttarakhand", "What steps does Spring Water Promotions take to ensure the purity and quality of their bottled water", "sq/ft of living area with plenty of space! 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, plus a den/office area! 42' upper espresso color cabinets, pocket sliding glass door, picture window screened in lanai, cantilever dock on seawall, fenced in yard, automatic sprinkler system, separate shower and soaking tub in master bathroom, luscious landscaping and much more. Priced to sell so make your showing appointment ASAP.", "ded defeat in his efforts to keep Asamoah and it is understood the full-back will receive no further contract offers from the Serie A champions.\nAnd according to the Italian daily, the Ghanaian\u2019s next destination will be the Bianconeri\u2019s rivals Inter.\nAsamoah is said to have agreed a three-year contract at the San Siro which will see him earn wages of \u20ac3.5m a season.\nSend your news stories to and via WhatsApp on +233 55 2699 625", "What advantages do customers experience with the introduction of 3G services in UP West and Uttarakhand", "Email or call us Tel: + 32 499 214 134\nDiamond Earrings Il Mondo\nOval Ruby Baguette Diamonds Baroque Earrings\nMade in Antwerp, World Diamond Centre\nBuy at professional wholesale price!\nDo you have personal ruby earrings in mind", "nd was certified gold by the middle of December.\nThe singer said he and his band are very happy with the new record.\n\"It's a little more up tempo,\" he said. \"There's a little more movement to it.\"\nSo far the record has performed admirably, selling around 450,000 copies, but that's still a long way from the nearly 5 million copies his debut album sold. Nevertheless, the singer hopes the cycle changes again and seems to be willing to wait it out.\nHe laughed, \"I just don't see us doing dance music anytime soon.\"\nHe said he doubted the band would ever do a duet with Katy Perry.\nAt the very least, Daughtry is doing his part to encourage people to come back to his kind of rock. His band has toured heavily in the U.S. through the spring and summer, and he's found time to meet with fans outside of the music world.\nIn July, the self-avowed Batman fanatic got a chance to go to Comic-Con in San Diego.\n\"I was there because I'm working with [DC Comics'] 'We Can Be Heroes' campaign, but also for my own selfish reasons: to look at nerd stuff.\"\nDaughtry serves as ambassador for the campaign, which raises funds and awareness to help end hunger in the horn of Africa. Earlier this year, his band released a version of its original song, \"Rescue Me,\" as a special download on iTunes.\n\"A hundred percent of the profits went to help get them food, water and so forth,\" he said.\nThe singer said he's seen \"The Dark Knight Rises\" three times and is very proud that he got a song, \"Drown In You\" on the \"Batman: Arkham City\" video game soundtrack.\nAfter his band finishes the current tour, it's off to Europe for two months with Nickelback.\n\"It's our third time out with Nickelback,\" Daughtry said. \"Those guys are like family to us.\"\nReach Bill Lynch at email@example.com or 304-348-5195.", "Why does the author feel the need for a vacation", "s\nCrystal hosts several workshops and events for those who are interested in going group work and wanting to expand their psychic abilities, awareness, and thrive. There are a large range and variety of workshops online and in group settings and various locations.\nLearn to be your OWN star in the Galaxy\nCombining her intuitive skills with her unique ability to connect with the Soul Crystal leads thousands of people every year through their \u201cchallenges\u201d into a world of possibility and brilliance. Reality IS negotiable... But if you don't know what you're changing - you don't know what you're going to get...\nOften times clients can heal injuries, diseases, or destructive thought patterns in a single session. You may also receive certain types of messages, signs, and energies during a session. HOWEVER each client must understand that everyone is different and it is all dependent on the individual and the information that is needed for them in the moment. There is a time and place for all information to be revealed, so come in with the understanding that you will receive EXACTLY what you need in that moment. The clients who receive the most information and have the best results are the ones who are open minded and achowekdge their issues in this lifetime. The sky is the limit so prepare yourself with an open mind, acceptance, and excitement.\nITS ALL ABOUT\nYOU are a spiritual being having a human experience. Whatever you are experiencing at this exact moment has a DEEP cause to it.. Sometimes we are not aware of how we collect or influence our energy bodies causing us to feel disharmony. Any struggle you are experiencing can be diffused through deep meditations, healing, and channeling sessions.\nAs you begin to work with Crystal and uncovering your true potential you will discover the core of the reason why you feel the way you feel. you may also have the unique chance to discover your hidden abilities within yourself.\nCrystal's mission is to hold a safe space for you to reveal your True Self, heal on every level of disharmony that you may be experiencing, and uncover your natural state of HAPPINESS, HEALTH and WELL-BEING.\nRegardless of what society has forced you to believe, YOU deserve to live a fulfilling life full of joy and excitement.\nOUT OF THIS WORLD\nThe type of service Crystal offers to her clients is not only out of this world, but is also out of this dimension. Crystal is a gifted spiritual intuitive and metaphysical teacher and provides laser like insight into a person's Destiny and life purpose, how to understand your karmic journey, personal characteristics and patterns that keep you stuck. She also has total awareness of your strengths and weaknesses, so she is great in providing valuable insight to certain life decisions and paths.\nShe can not only feel energy of a person, but often times during a session with Crystal channeling of higher spirit guides and loved ones will present themselves giving you the answers you have been looking for, and allowing you to heal where it is necessary. She has helped and guided thousands of people to take control of their life by using her abilities to unblock built up energy, and heal on all levels.\nWho can benefit from a session with Crystal?\nThe more we pay attention to something, the more we feed it with our energy. We need to learn how to feed vibrant health and not an illness or a diagnosis. However having said that, I have helped many people successfully manage or heal the issues listed below. I can help you too, if you\u2019re willing to do the work and if you are ready to let go.\n-Feelings of overwhelm\n-Loss of hope for life\n-Apathy and lack of motivation\n-Mindfulness and quality of presence in the moment\n-Creating and maintaining good strong boundaries\n-Imbalance of power\n-Parenting and couple relationships\n-Finding Soul Mate\n-Spiritual Growth and Development\n-Energy healing and cleansing -Soul Retrieval\n-Cutting energy cords\n-Karmic and vow cleansing\n-Past life healing/regression\n-Release of energetic patterns\n-Re-working Sacred Contracts\n-Assess progress and journey\n-Reveal talents and gifts\n-Explore obstacles and challenges\n-Find self love and reliance", "Rights; (2) encourage greater respect for the law and the courts; (3) stimulate a deeper sense of individual responsibility; (4) contribute to the effective functioning of our institutes of government; and (5) instill a better understanding and appreciation of the rule of law. Non-lawyers of any age are eligible to receive this award.\nOutstanding Mentor Award\nThe DAYL Outstanding Mentor Award is awarded to a lawyer in Dallas who has consistently demonstrated a commitment to mentoring young lawyers in his or her legal community. Nominees must be licensed to practice law in Texas, have paid membership dues prescribed by the Supreme Court of Texas and be members in good standing of the State Bar. The DAYL Awards Committee will consider all outstanding qualities of a nominee, including (1) service as a role model to young lawyers in the legal community; (2) fostering the development of young lawyers; and (3) significant contributions to the profession and/or the community.\nNominations for each award may be made by individuals, groups of individuals, or organizations. If you would like to nominate someone for an award, contact Jonathan Childers.", "Birmingham City Council have released a questionnaire on their Future Waste Strategy, asking a range of questions on many issues relating to waste.\nBirmingham Friends of the Earth believe Birmingham\u2019s waste system is an outrageous waste of resources. An incredible 40% of what goes into Birmingham\u2019s residual waste stream could be composted or digested. Instead it goes up in smoke in the Tyseley Incinerator.\nWe\u2019re pushing Birmingham City Council to implement a zero waste strategy, by making three simple asks:\n2) Make it easier for people to recycle more types of waste from home.\n3) Use local companies to proces", "il after 2008.\nWhile the majority of Owens\u2019 businesses within CAT have been doing just fine, thank you, there are a number of peripherary sectors that he listed as worth watching.\nOwens was one of the featured speakers at this year\u2019s summit, held in our Chicago headquarters. Executives from companies from Honeywell Inc to General Electric Co to Illinois Tool Works participated in this year\u2019s conference.\nThe next Reuters Summit comes during the week of March 10, when the Global Mining and Steel Summit is held in New York, London and Sydney, Australia", "What significant planning and development phase for Battersea Power Station was approved in late 2014, and what does it entail", "diction treatment settings.\nco-occurring disorders, recovery, treatment\nRights and Permissions\nCopyright the Author(s)\nDOI of Published Version\nZiedonis DM. (2015). Integrating Recovery-Oriented Practices for Individuals with Co-Occurring Disorders: With Tobacco & Schizophrenia Case Example. iSPARC Multimedia and Webinars. https://doi.org/10.13028/87rx-rn71. Retrieved from https://escholarship.umassmed.edu/sparc_multimedia/1", "What are the benefits of hosting a Visiting Scholar according to the text", "What action has the police spokesperson indicated has been taken regarding the incident described", "What is the price of the Ear Wings rear wing design", "ts\n\u2013 Raise awareness among fishermen, port operators and general public\nThe Marine Litter Style Program is being rolled out for the protection and recovery of the marine ecosystems and biodiversity. It aims to accomplish this through marine litter/fishing gear removal by the fishing sector in the framework of the EMFF.\nDuration: Plan delivered in 2016. Pilot actions likely to be initiated mid 2018.\nParticipants: Fishing and shellfisheries associations coordinated by CETMAR\nFunding Program: Galician Department for Sea Affairs (EMFF)\nAims of the new project:\n-To implement Fishing for litter \u201cpassive\u201d actions with the involvement of fishermen\n-To implement \u201cactive\u201d actions directed at removing litter/retrieve fishing gear from hot spots\n-To raise awareness among the fishing sector and the general public.\nCETMAR will coordinate this program and develop technical actions (technical protocols, collections systems, identification of hotspots, testing methodologies, monitoring, etc.)", "The lights are on\nPower Member - Level 10\nDear Call of Duty John,\nI remember swearing off video games for the rest of my life and devoting my time to other endeavors after being let down by the hype of the third installment of Master Chief. But then you came along, introduced to me by a friend I made at work, and you rebuilt my faith in modern gaming and you even introduced me to online gaming.\nDo you remember going from matches of 1-25 to being able to dominate the field 27-0? I felt like I was on cloud nine, I was a god amongst men. And your single player story was so amazing; I played it over and over again just to relish in the moment of seeing Price kill Khaled Al-Asad and sneaking behind enemy lines to get a shot on Zakhaev in the flashback to Pripyat. And throwing in the airplane mission at the end, a stroke of pure brilliance!\nTime passed and another version of you was released. Not being terribly excited about the prospect of having to play another World War II game, I initially left you on the shelf. Eventually, the kind GameStop manager convinced me your newest iteration was worth the time and money. Your single player campaign was just ok, but I enjoyed your multiplayer. In an early match, you introduced me to a future friend and the clan I would call \"home\" for the next year. We had fun with that crew. Do you remember playing hardcore search and destroy and our buddy killed us all and was kicked when he dropped that live grenade after being noobtubed? Yeah, we still laugh about that.\nBut, deep in my heart of hearts, I knew our love would not last. Something about your graphics and the gameplay just didn't add up to a lasting relationship. Sure, there was zombies, but once the world had found out you could sink under multiplayer maps and kill, I could not justify a continued affair, especially when your developer moved so slow to fix all of your problems. So, I went back to the age of modern combat, awaiting its next move and spending time with my newborn son.\nYou came back to me on a cold November night, as I waited until midnight for your release. I went home proud to own my own night vision goggles and to the prospect of playing you for a week straight as I took vacation time from work. But alas, your designers had not thought ahead and your Playstation 3 servers crashed and refused to reboot for two precious days. So, I manned up and played your single player experience only to be crushed by the worst and most confusing storyline I had ever heard. When your servers finally returned, I enjoyed once again fighting with modern weaponry, but quickly became angered by the glitching that was occurring. Happily, your current designer jumped right in and fixed the issues and I continued to play.\nSoon, I discovered that my brother had an affair going with you as well, but on the Xbox 360. Wan", "What is the focus of the new AXIS Progressive Rear Wings according to the text", "otes, receipts, etc. in, and a minimum of do something that leaves a paper record you can file away in case you end up in court someday. Be known to prove in court that more typical year never passed that you didn\u2019t in some way work on the idea.\nIf you disclose your idea in the publication like a newspaper or magazine, that starts a one year period when you must file a patent, or you lose your right to file.\nJust because you\u2019ve never seen your idea in a store doesn\u2019t mean it\u2019s patentable or marketable. According to the patent office, how do you patent an idea under 3% of issued patents ever achieve the marketplace. It\u2019s quite possible your idea was invented however for any number of reasons was never marketed. If innovation has ever existed, anywhere, at any time, created by any person, totally patent it \u2013 it\u2019s already come to exist! And the U.S. Patent office searches world wide when they process your patent application.\nYou can a bunch of own patent search using several online resources, InventHelp review but if you have determined that there is a viable and marketable invention, I would recommend that you hire a competent patent attorney to have a professional prior-art patent search done, in order to ensure your idea hasn\u2019t already been thought of, wasting your valuable time and funds.\nI\u2019ve tried doing patent searches in my small own, and stunned when I saw the results a real patent examiner found. These are professionals and they\u2019ve known what they do.\nBe careful of patent clubs and organizations that provide discount patent treatments. Any patent search needs to such as world wide search, because that is what the patent office does.", "What are some key considerations when dating someone from a different country", "Narges has an active and varied commercial litigation practice. She handles an extensive range of matters, including those involving securities and other financial services litigation, insurance and risk management, corporate governance, legal ethics, and big data. Clients in the financial services and professional services sectors rely on her assistance with administrative, trial, and appellate cases and arbitrations before domestic and international panels. Her firm leadership roles include serving as Ombudsperson and Vice-Chair of Mintz\u2019s pro bono practice.\nNarges\u2019s practice focuses on complex business disputes, with expertise in securities litigation, contracts, corporate governance, executive protection, insurance coverage and risk management. Throughout her career, Narges has generated practical solutions to complex legal and business problems. She has represented clients at the administrative, trial, and appellate levels, as well as in domestic and international arbitration.\nNarges also advises clients on a number of issues including insurance and risk management, employment matters and non-competes, legal ethics, attorney-client privilege, and the risks, security and management of big data.\n- Fordham University (JD)\n- Oberlin College (BA)\n- Represented the former directors of a US media company in a matter commenced by a litigation trustee. The trustee asserted claims that the former directors breached their fiduciary duties by failing to file for bankruptcy sooner to preserve assets for the benefit of the creditors. The case settled on favorable terms, requiring no monetary payments by our clients and no admission of liability.\n- Successfully appealed decision dismissing investment funds\u2019 action for legal malpractice and breach of fiduciary duty against former counsel.\n- Represented institutional investors/bondholders in suit against auditors and directors and officers of an international conglomerate after bankruptcy.\n- Advised a US-based international fund spons", "The regeneration of Battersea took a giant step forward in late 2014 when the third phase of development at Battersea Power Station received the green light from Wandsworth Council. The transformation of the Grade II* listed landmark is part of a wider plan to redevelop the largely derelict industrial area of Nine Elms that will see the US Embassy relocate south of the River Thames and the building of about 16,000 new homes plus new footpaths, cycle lanes, parks, a public square and riverside paths.\nEstate agents in Battersea are keeping a close eye on the new riverside town centre that is being created at the Art Deco landmark, which when the \u00a38bn scheme is completed by 2020 will include a new tube station giving access to the Northern Line extension, the reconstruction of the power station\u2019s chimneys and the building of 1.5m square feet of retail space, 2.5m square feet of office space, restaurants and leisure attractions, a school, nurseries and healthcare facilities.\nThe 3km extension to the Northern Line is not only crucial to the project\u2019s success, it is part of the National Infrastructure Plan. Funding for the new transport link was confirmed by the government in the Autumn Statement 2012 and work is due to get underway in 2015.\nWork to breathe new life into the power station, which is the flagship development of the Nine Elms regeneration \u2013 a combination of 20 separate projects covering 560 acres of South London riverside \u2013 is based on a masterplan that was designed by Rafael Vi\u00f1oly and is being carried out by the Malaysian owned Battersea Power Station Development Company.\nVi\u00f1oly\u2019s vision for the 42-acre power station site, which received approval from the local authority and the Mayor of London in 2010, includes 18 acres of public space, a six-acre riverside park plus a pedestrian high street called Electric Boulevard that will stretch from Battersea Park Road to the new Battersea Power Station tube stop.\nThe masterplan will also add about 4,000 luxury homes to Battersea\u2019s housing stock, including properties in tower blocks designed by renowned architects Frank Gehry and Norman Foster.\nThis third phase of the long-running and much talked about scheme was unveiled in April 2014. Gehry\u2019s \u2018Flower\u2019 building will occupy the east of Electric Boulevard along with four other tower blocks designed by the man who created New York\u2019s Guggenheim museum.\nThe buildings, which will be between 16 and 17 storeys high, will include 688 new homes, a gym, shops, cafes bars and restaurants.\nWhen the plans for Phase Three were unveiled in April 2014, Gehry was quoted as saying: \u201cOur goal from the start has been to create a neighbourhood that connects into the historic fabric of the city of London, but one that has its own identity and integrity. We have tried to create humanistic environments that feel good to live in and visit.\u201d\nAnother 17-storey building designed by Foster will sit west of Electric Boulevard and have one of London\u2019s largest roof terraces. It will be incorporate 617 new homes together with shops, cafes, bars, restaurants and other amenities as well as a 167-room hotel.\nWhen homes in the buildings designed by Gehry and Foster were launched at the end of 2014, asking prices ranged from \u00a3495,000 for a studio apartment to \u00a33.2m for a four-bedroom property. It has also been reported that penthouses being built in the power station itself will sell for up to \u00a330m.\nBefore they will be ready for occupation, however, Battersea Power Station will have a completely new look. Construction work on the first phase of the project \u2013 named Circus West \u2013 started in July 2013, while the preliminary work on the second phase, which involves the restoration of the power station\u2019s iconic chimneys, got underway in February 2014.\nThe Circus West phase of the project involves the construction of 866 apartments, townhouses and penthouses, two offices, shops, and leisure and hospitality areas. It will also feature a resident's club and bar, including a private cinema, a library, private dining rooms, a business centre, gym, spa and swimming pool.\nWhen the apartment blocks being built as part of phase one are complete in 2016 they will range in height from eight to 18 storeys. The properties were marketed to investors from the Far East in 2013 when it was reported 814 had been sold off plan for between \u00a3350,000 for a studio to \u00a36m for a penthouse suite. By late 2014, Circus West apartments were being sold in the UK at an asking price of \u00a3550,000 for studios to \u00a31.2m for a luxury standard two-bed flat, giving the larger homes a value of \u00a31,162 per square foot.\nThe \u00a3750m redevelopment of the power station building, which is the main elem", "What should Mac users use to decompress the file mentioned in the text", "What inspires the design choices made for the card, including background texture and decorative elements", "This is the minimalist blog that I keep for no apparent reason. Maybe someday I will figure out why.\nWhen I first came to BN, I really didn't care for them. The Chypres. The mossiness was sort of a dealbreaker for me. Just too old lady. But as I collected vintage bottles, interspersed with occasional trips to retail establishments, I began to notice when the restricted ingredients weren't there, and I missed moss and clove and everything else. In spite of myself, I started appreciating and even liking the retro chypres. Vintage Chantilly, vintage 1000, Arpege, and\nThe end of the summer drenches me with longing and nostalgia every year. The saying goodbye to a summer crush when you both have to go back to different schools in September. Packing up the summer clothes, and pulling out the warm ones. The days growing shorter with school pressures and anxieties mounting. The first cold breeze in", "What are the eligibility criteria for the DAYL Outstanding Mentor Award", "What services does Crystal Soul Therapy provide to help individuals achieve personal transformation and well-being", "Which club will Kwadwo Asamoah be joining after leaving Juventus", "The police spokesperson said that a case under relevant sections of law stands registered in Police Station Tral and investigation has been initiated.\n\u201cPeople are requested to cooperate with police till the area is completely sanitized and cleared of all the explosive materials, if any,\u201d the spokesperson said.\nMeanwhile, the locals said the encounter continued for nearly six hours before the two Jaish-e-Muhammad militants were killed. The house where the militants were hiding suffered minor damages.\nThe eyewitnesses identified the slain militants as Maqbool Chopan and Aqib Ramzan. While Chopan was said to have joined militant ranks in April this year, Ramzan was reportedly active for a year.\nBe Part of Quality Journalism\nQuality journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce and despite all the hardships we still do it. Our reporters and editors are working overtime in Kashmir and beyond to cover what you care about, break big stories, and expose injustices that can change lives. Today more people are reading Kashmir Observer than ever, but only a handful are paying while advertising revenues are falling fast", "ent of the second phase of the project, will see 254 flats built in the upper reaches of the building.\nEach of the luxury homes that will be built on the power station\u2019s original footprint will have access to over 1.5 acres of rooftop gardens and the majority will have their own private outdoor space.\nThe power station will be also restored, enabling it to generate clean energy by using renewable fuels. During construction, the power station\u2019s four 101m-tall chimneys are being dismantled and reconstructed. A glass viewing platform will be installed on top of the north-west chimney that will offer 360-degree views of the city. The rebuilding of the chimneys is set for completion in 2016, while the homes being built as part of the project\u2019s second phase are expected to be ready for occupation by 2018.\nAs work continues to deliver Vi\u00f1oly\u2019s masterplan, property investors are buying into the architect\u2019s vision of \u201ccreating a balanced mix of uses to ensure a fully integrated urban environment provides a new transportation solution and establishes an energy strategy that radically reduces consumption, as well as generating a clean supply through the use of renewable sources\u201d.\nWhen properties in this phase were launched in April 2014, studios were valued at \u00a3800,000, one-bed apartments cost from \u00a31m, two-beds from \u00a31.5m, three-beds from \u00a32.7m and four-bed homes carried a \u00a34m asking price.\nAnd by the end of 2014, more than 90% of the homes on offer had already found buyers, including multimillionaire pop star Sting, whose purchase strengthens the iconic building\u2019s links with the arts that was cemented by Pink Floyd in 1977.\nBattersea Power station remains the largest brick building in Europe. Since its twin turbines stopped producing electricity in 1983, there have been many proposed uses for the site, including a museum of industrial heritage complete with a full-sized replica of the Crystal Palace and Zeppelins moored outside, an urban park, a psychedelic Las Vegas-style hotel, a permanent home for the Cirque du Soleil, a giant rollercoaster and even a new home for Chelsea Football Club.\nFew sites on the south bank of the River Thames have as rich architectural heritage. The exterior of the structure was designed by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott, and was built in two phases between 1929 and 1955.\nThe western half \u2013 Battersea A \u2013 was built between 1929 and 1933 in the Art Deco style. It has a steel girder frame with a brick-clad exterior and reinforced concrete chimneys. The ornate interior was lined with faience and marble and featured parquet floors, wrought iron staircases and sculpted bronze doors.\nThe eastern half \u2013 Battersea B \u2013 took from 1941 to 1955 to construct and was built to match the design of the western section.\nBattersea A ceased generation in 1975 and Battersea B in 1983. The iconic building has been Grade II* listed since October 1980. Three years previously, the power station was assured of its place in cultural history when it featured on the cover of Pink Floyd\u2019s Animals album.\nHowever, after redesign of the site was awarded to a consortium led by John Broome, the brains behind Alton Towers, in 1984 the roof and west wall were demolished in 1989 to remove the boilers and turbines as part of the work to convert the building into a theme park.\nFinancial difficulties forced Broome to abandon his project but the roof and wall were never replaced, leaving Battersea open to the elements.\nThe site passed through a number of owners, including Hong Kong firm Parkview and Irish developer Real Estate Opportunities, until it was bought for $645m in 2012 by current owners Malaysia-based developer SP Setia, conglomerate Sime Darby.\nAt the time the new owners were quoted as saying: \u201cSP Setia\u2019s and Sime Darby Property\u2019s plans involve the development of a sustainable multi-use real estate regeneration project that will provide economic impetus for the creation of a new vibrant centre for south-west central London.\u201d\nWhat was an ideal site for a power station in 1927 \u2013 when planning permission was first granted \u2013 has become a perfect residential location today. From its vantage point at the riverside, Battersea Power Station occupies one of the most accessible and desirable points on the London map.\nAs well as enjoying the unique amenities of their own neighbourhood, residents will find themselves surrounded by all the best elements of the city, from bustling shopping streets to leafy park walks.\nA short stroll away, Chelsea and Sloane Square gleam with beautiful stores and tempting restaurants. Walk in another direction, and without even crossing a road, the site leads directly into the 200 rolling acres of Battersea Park.", "Aljur Abrenica wants to end contract with GMA-7-A A +A\nThursday, July 24, 2014\nACTOR Aljur Abrenica wants to be released from his contract with GMA-7.\nAccompanied by his lawyer, Ferdinand Topacio, Abrenica went to the Quezon City hall of justice Thursday afternoon to file a Judicial Confirmation of Rescission of Contract against GMA Network Inc.\nAbrenica's contract with the tv network is valid until 2017.\nThe actor said he was prompted to file the said petition after the demands of his contract were not met.\n\"Sa totoo lang, ayoko umabot sa ganito. Ako po yung huling tao na malagay sa ganitong kalagayan. Pero andito ako ngayon dahil hindi po hindi ako nabigyan ng pagpapahalaga at respeto sa career ko na gusto mangyari,\" he said.\n\"Bilang seryosong actor at musikero, marami pa akong gustong gawin. Lahat naman tayo ang gusto natin mapabuti tayo. Marami pa tayong gustong marating,\" he added.\nTopacio said his client exerted all efforts -- had talks with GMA executives and sent formal letter to air his concerns -- but his demands have been ignored.\n\"Andito kami para lang hilingin sa korte na sabihin sa GMA Network Inc. na payagan na siya i-relea", "What are some considerations to keep in mind when dating someone from a different country", "What main population does the research on gamification focus on in relation to improving quality of life", "I think need a vacation from everything and everyone. Haven\u2019t had any real alone time, let alone social building time in what feels like years. And my body continues to ache daily from working at Green Hell, even on days", "How Sweet it Is\nDiabetes mellitus is a disease of impaired glucose utilization. One of the laboratory tests for this disorder is to measure glucose in urine (glucose is normally not detected.). In the Middle Ages, there were no chemical tests for glucose, so a urine sample would be set out by an open window. If bees were attracted to the specimen, that suggested the presence of high amounts of glucose.\nNews You Can Use\n- Honey is a prime source of carbohydrates, mainly composed of glucose and fructose. The bee obtains nectar (a thin sweet liquid) and converts it to a stable food. Variations in the source of nectar account for the differences in color and taste of the final product. The high viscosity and density of honey are due to the large amounts of carbohydrates present.\n- Honey has antibacterial properties. Laboratory studies show that honey is an effective inhibitor of growth of several food-borne pathogens such as salmonella. It apparently also slows down the growth of Staphylococcus aureus and Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Both of these bacteria are commonly found in doctor\u2019s offices and in hospitals. Topically applied honey has been shown to have so", "What type of earrings does Il Mondo offer and where are they made", "What did Caterpillar CEO Jim Owens say about the potential spread of the housing crisis during the Reuters Manufacturing Summit", "What prompted the speaker to decide to seek different gaming experiences instead of continuing their relationship with the game in question", "Why does Aljur Abrenica want to end his contract with GMA-7", "What topics are covered in the webinar about co-occurring disorders", "What are the main aims of the Marine Litter Style Program", "Axis 325 mm Progressive Rear Wing Stabilizer\nThe all new AXIS Progressive Rear Wings are here. And it\u2019s all about the turn.The AXIS Progressive R", "What is one example of a thought humorous about purchasing behavior mentioned in the text", "Spring Water Promotions believes in bringing only the highest quality spring water to our customers, which is why our water undergoes three different stages of purification. The first stage is UV light exposure. The second is microfiltration, and lastly our ozonation process. Our unique methods of purification help us ensure the highest quality and taste possible.\nOur spring water is gravity fed from a natural and protected source in Blue Ridge, GA, where our bottling facility also sits, which is truly great as it allows us to go directly from \u201cspring to bottle\u201d with no need for water tanks unlike many spring water companies. This also helps us maintain the freshest water!\nThe first part of the process is Ultra-Violet water purification. UV systems are wonderful as they are extremely effective in combating microorganisms (UV purification destroys 99.9% of waterborne microorganisms), they are chemical free\u2014this allows you to have the most natural water, UV systems also leave the taste and smell of", "the water unchanged (unlike chlorine and chloramines). In other words, it lets you have the best of natural water without worrying about any impurities.\nAfter our water is purified with UV rays we move into microfiltration, here at Spring Water Promotions, we don\u2019t just filter our spring water through once or twice. Instead our water undergoes the process 7 times. The micro-filters help strain the water of any remaining impurities.\nAfter our water goes through the UV purification,7 micro-filters, and testing in order to ensure regulatory standards we introduce oxygen into our water. This process can be referred to as water aeration. This process increases the oxygen in our water and acts as a natural purifier.\nWe are extremely dedicated to bringing you only the highest quality product here at Spring Water Promotions. Not only in the purity of our water, but also customer service, graphic design, label production, and quality control. Think of us as your solution for all your bottled water needs!", "The concept of gamification has increased its importance in the field of research; and its main focus was in the area of education. It was considered appropriate to analyze the state of the art of gamification techniques in an increasingly relevant sector, such as older adults (whose number is growing); and where they can offer possibilities to improve the quality of life of these people, in terms of physical well-being, social inclusion and cognitive improvement. The article summarizes research on gamification and its potential", "What unique amenities will residents of the new flats at Battersea Power Station have access to based on the text", "Reading and Channeling\nThese sessions reveal your innermost feelings, helping you sort out current issues in your life and helping you realize who you truly are. Changing your life\u2019s path for the better is now possible when you have a better understanding of why things happen the way that they do. Get the information you\u2019ve been seeking regarding your family, love life, career, health, relationships, finances, and so much more.\nShamanic and Integrative Coaching\nLife is a maze that can be extremely difficult to navigate. This type of coaching helps you see a birds eye view by combining powerful life coaching strategies with spiritual guidance and metaphysical tools to empower you to live your life on your terms. These sessions reach far beyond the confines of standard life coaching to help you create, attract and manifest the lifestyle, career and relationships you wish to have in this lifetime.\nVibrational Sound Therapy\nEvery Soul on this Earth was created with a Sound and vibration. Each and one of us is unique because of that sound. This Sound determines who we are, what mission, origination and challenges we took upon this existence. You will experience the most\npowerful effect of the Sound and healing vibrations on the human organism. Working with\nour Energy Field, your own Innate Sound and utilizing the power of UNIQUELY recorded\nhigh vibrational frequency sounds.\nYou must have an introductory session with Crystal before booking a Hypnotherapy Session. Please see further details by clicking below and booking the session. These sessions explore your innermost subconscious feelings, and help you change things in your life that you no longer wish to experience. Everyone can benefit from hypnosis. If you need to overcome a habit or phobia, reduce anxiety, loose weight, stop smoking, change your outlook on life, or perform at your best, hypnosis can help you achieve your ideal thoughts, feelings, and behaviors.\nCrystal Soul Therapy Services\nAre you tired of the same vicious cycle in your life playing over and over again? Depressed? Lost? Constantly exhausted?\nWe are here to show you the way to your True Self and to your natural state of HAPPINESS , and therefore HEALTH and WELL-BEING. Our Creative Academy is for everyone who seeks the Support, Clarity and/or Guidance on the path of transformation and enlightenment.\nCrystal Soul Therapy's mission is to help each and every client Tune into their true Divine nature as Crystal invites you to see and experience the greatness within your being. Through intuitive seeing, hearing, feeling and direct knowing, she serves as an essential resource and bridge to the mystical realms along your journey. You are here for a reason.\nThis is unique chance for you to retreat from your routine life! Take a leap of faith and give yourself the opportunity you deserve!\nWe are inviting you to experience what Kundalini Yoga is, Safely activate the evolutionary energy at the base of your spine to access unlimited bliss consciousness.\nOpen your heart and third eye, align your inner energy with the energy of the universe, and become more intuitive, fearless, peaceful, and protected.\nReiki Creative Academy\nOur Reiki Creative Academy enrolls students a few times a year to give them atunement to different levels of this sacred universal healing energy of divine love. There are no previous skills or knowledge necessary to taking these courses. Each attunement includes hands on teaching and book of materials. This requires a lot of practice, thus we offer monthly Reiki Circles that you are welcome to attend to learn more about Reiki and fine tune your skills.\nCrystal takes time to channel and create amulets, charges stones, and talismans for certain situations. She also records custom and personalized meditations for her clients based on what they need. She specially blesses and energetically charges each of her art pieces so that they harness specified powers and energy fields for her both her friends and clients. For the people who are feeling sick or ill- these special canvases and amulets particularly emanate a healing energy and assist in a faster recovery.\nGroup Events, and Workshop", "62-feeling-reliant-in-marriage-culture be able to have in their lives. A fresh chance to travel to unusual places, chance upon new ethnicities, and knowledge a whole distinctive way of life. A fresh fun and exciting outing that is definitely worth this, especially if you happen to be committed to the partnership.\nIt may be also a good plan to be ready to accept the idea of having children later on. Some cultures have considerably more traditional perspectives about marriage and childbearing than what is typical under western culture, so it may be better to delay until you are both ready to subside before seeking for a home. In addition , it\u2019s the great idea to discuss finances and other aspects of a long-term romance before you get started.\nWhether you are dating someone out of a different country face-to-face or web based, it\u2019s often interesting to understand about their traditions and traditions. It is also a thrilling romantic method to spend time with each other. It\u2019s a good way to expand as a person and expand the horizons.\nIt\u2019s no secret that going out with in other countries can be challenging or even stressful, nonetheless it\u2019s practical to prevail over those challenges if you are willing to put in the work. If you are dedicated to the partnership and can skimp on several issues, online dating someone right from a different country can be a rewarding experience intended for both of you. It may possibly give you a better appreciation of what you currently have back home. Just remember to be person and well intentioned, and it will almost all work out finally", "Who was the Gadsden Flag named after, and what contributions did he make to American history", "What are some key insights from the EUROCONTROL Data Snapshot regarding air traffic and flight operations during the pandemic", "Department of Psychiatry; Systems and Psychosocial Advances Research Center\nMental Disorders | Psychiatry | Substance Abuse and Addiction\nThis webinar discusses motivation-based, recovery-oriented treatment plans for co-occurring disorders, including community resources. It describes how to integrate recovery practices such as dual recovery therapy, mindfulness-based interventions, and Open Dialogue into mental health and ad", "What album was certified gold by the middle of December", "application in digital games, and how these techniques can impact on the different life activities of older adults. It includes a systematic review of literature, which reveals trends and gaps in studies and proposals, on how gamified digital games, increase learning, promote socialization and exercise, and improve their cognitive and psychomotor skills; all within a context of active and healthy aging. The work developed can be subject to deeper evaluation and analysis, serving as a basis for further research work in the subject", "never liked you\u2014not one bit.\u201d\nHe read for just over an hour, yet hardly anyone budged from his or her seat. The selection ranged from old favorites to new poems from his latest book, Horoscopes for the Dead. Each poem merited some sort of preamble, through which he gave the audience a few potential views into his life\u2014from growing up in New York City and college days with his hearty roommate from Vermont to a poignant and hysterically blunt portrayal of a 17-year-old girl, who seems incapable of picking up her room, compared to such child prodigies as Franz Schubert, Maria Callas, and Judy Garland.\nIn \u201cDeath of the Hat,\u201d he combined humor, nostalgia, and an overwhelming sense of loss\u2014not just for the classic fedora but for an entire era of values, style, and respect. And though the sadly funny \u201cForgetfulness\u201d and \u201cHangover\u201d probably seemed all too familiar to the elders in the crowd, the poems \u201cWhat She Said\u201d and \u201cOh, My God\u201d no doubt struck a chord with younger listeners who so often fall prey to the marginalization of the English language. But the beauty of Collins is the way he makes so many of his poems accessible to everyone. Old or young, literary or not. His is a poetry that grasps our everyday. And while many in the audience seemed unfamiliar with his work when they arrived, they clearly left as fans.\nStay tuned to MiddMag for more Fall Family Weekend stories, including links to the President\u2019s address to parents, panels and discussions, and other editorial coverage.", "How can I obtain a quotation for a custom-made ring from Ajediam", "\u201cLooking out at this crowd of parents and students tonight, I\u2019m not exactly sure who dragged whom\u2026but I\u2019m glad you\u2019re all here.\u201d\nAnd with that, the ever humble and always forthright former United States Poet Laureate Billy Collins began his Saturday evening talk in Mead Chapel.\nCollins, who was Poet Laureate from 2001 to 2003, holds an inspiring list of awards and honors. He is well regarded for his innate ability to find pure poetry and tenderness in life\u2019s most mundane moments. Some have called him the \u201ceveryman\u201d poet, and those who have heard him read aloud often understand. To read his poems is one thing\u2014they are unlike what many think of as poetry, with nary a rhyme or ponderous metaphor in sight. But to hear him read is something else altogether. He recites poem after poem as if he is simply chatting with you\u2014telling you a simple fact, an underlying truth. It\u2019s deceptively entrancing, and best of all, you \u201cget it\u201d! You understand exactly what he is saying, and it is SO TRUE.\nThat\u2019s how it felt to be part of that audience that Saturday evening in Mead. The nearly packed building of listeners experienced the full spectrum of reactions\u2014from raucous laughter to that collective exhalation, the ubiquitous \u201cAwwwww,\u201d that no poetry reading ever escapes entirely. True to his manner, though, Collins wryly followed that group show of sentimentality in response to \u201cDharma\u201d with his decidedly unsentimental \u201cRevenant,\u201d in which the ghost of a former dog returns to tell his owner \u201cI", "Click to read all about coronavirus \u2192\nGazzetta dello Sport reports that Kwadwo Asamoah will join Inter after rejecting the chance to stay at Juventus.\nThe 29-year-old has made 20 appearances so far this season but has refused to commit to a new contract with the Old Lady.\nHis current deal expires at the end of this season, leaving him free to depart the club for nothing in the summer.\nJuve CEO Beppe Marotta is said to have conce", "What should you do if you disclose your idea in a publication like a newspaper or magazine", "ting to get closer to my brother, we made the difficult decision to leave the clan and moved systems quickly finding in the 360 some better online competition. But in a matter of months you came again in a new iteration.\nStanding in line for another midnight release, I was introduced to a new fellow gamer. We played multiplayer in your newest iteration that night and I was introduced to more good friends I have to this day. While your gameplay remained mostly static, I found some of the new features to be a pure joy, using one to recreate my favorite South Park characters...until I saw others using this to hump a pig...and a dog...and a horse.\nYour new single player story boggled my mind, using voices I could picture from other major entertainment. I never saw your twist coming and it was a joy to behold once, but it never happened again as I spent hours and hours playing your multiplayer.\nYet another year rolled around and yet another title was released. This time, you returned to your modern setting, hoping to close out a story that had become all too confusing. I demolished your single player experience in less than five hours and finished with an emotionless \"meh.\" It can be impossible to fix a disaster like the modern era's prior entry, so I cannot fault your single player for lacking any emotional gravity.\nYour multiplayer, yet again, was good, but was more of the same with a few welcome changes mixed in. The on-line competition continued to astound as newer gamers were born from your influence. But as I continued to play, I found myself wanting...more. But not more of you, I wanted more of something different. As I found my place within a new online community, I became exposed to many titles I had missed in the past while you and I were away killing the digital masses.\nHere we are, at the precipice of your next iteration and I just cannot see myself enjoying what you have to offer. We have shared many memories, you gave me my nickname and brought my brother and I together on a level we have never experienced before. But I want to kill redcoats with my new friend named Connor and the voices of Chief and Cortana are calling my name. There is much praise from those who have experienced the Chief's resurrection, I feel it may be the start of a new relationship between us.\nWhile I may rent you to experience your story, I cannot justify a continued affair together. You are still a great game and loved by so many. But, until one of us changes, our affair ends here. Your constant and frequent releases have become more annoying than a girlfreind or wife who can't learn to stop calling while I am at work, I need space to do my own thing and play other games. May you continue to experience long-lasting success in those who love you now and may come to love you in the future. But for us, this is the end.", "What additional benefits of honey are mentioned for infants and children", "What is the title of the work authored by Ziedonis DM in 2015 that focuses on integrating recovery-oriented practices for individuals with co-occurring disorders", "Regardless of whether you are dating someone out of a different nation or you\u2019re simply just interested in reaching someone from a foreign territory, it can be an interesting and satisfying encounter. The most important thing is to be open towards the differences and understand that they are simply normal. It is very also necessary to respect their culture and traditions, regardless if they don\u2019t seem sensible to you.\nOne of the best things about dating an individual from an alternative country is learning about the funny post \u2014 http://order-brides.co.uk/russian-brides 2020 nationalities. It\u2019s entertaining to see that they celebrate vacations, what food they take in, and what their persuits are like. A fresh great way to get closer to them too. Obviously, this can cause some problems as well as it\u2019s easy to misunderstand each other, but it could be important to discuss these distinctions openly and find a compromise that works to get both parties.\nMost people are happy with where that they came from and want to share their particular history and practices with others. Taking a great involvement in their customs is an excellent approach to show that you just care about them and will support prevent misunderstandings within the future. Moreover, it shows that you value all of them and admiration them as individuals and not because they happen to be from a different country.\nThere is something special about falling crazy about someone coming from another region. It\u2019s a exclusive experience that numerous people hardly ever http://archiv.podhradik.sk/how-to-deal-with154", "Audio \u2013 Caterpillar boss: Don\u2019t fear the spread\nCaterpillar Chief Executive Jim Owens spoke about the possible spread of the recent housing crisis and other economic worries at the annual Reuters Manufacturing Summit.\nWhile there is always the chance that the housing and residential construction crisis could extend beyond those businesses directly touched by it, he did not see it as a major concern just yet.\nHowever, Owens, now in his fifth year as the head of Caterpillar, warned that he did not expect that the housing industry to hit its trough unt", "What method was used in the Middle Ages to determine the presence of glucose in urine", "on\u2019t get the dirt and impurities normally found on scanned images.\nSize: 2870kb. Mac users: Decompress this file with a .zip compatible software such as Stuffit expande", "3'x5' Nylon Gadsden Flag. These Gadsden Flags are accurate reproductions of the original flag, revealing a beautiful pattern and holding vibrant color. Made with 100% nylon, and finished with strong canvas headers and brass grommets. Made In The USA\nBenjamin Franklin is famous for his sense of humor. He created a yellow flag, displaying a rattlesnake and the motto: \"Don't tread on me\", representing his response towards the Brits when they sent convicted felons to America. In return, Franklin sent hundreds of rattle snakes to be released in England as a \"thank you\" for the added population of felons to America. This historical event is commonly remembered", "What purification processes does Spring Water Promotions use to ensure the quality of their spring water", "Alright people, we are at T-minus 2 DAYS of Sale-a-Bration! Did you get your order in? If not, let me share with you some more ideas from another of one of the free Sale-a-Bration items you could choose before the month is out!\nToday I\u2019m featuring the Botanicals For You stamp set\nThe name makes you think it is all about flowers, but it is because it matches some of the Botanicals Suite products in the Occasions Catalog. I just love the big \u201cJust For You\u201d and so created a couple cards with it that I just love:\nFun with Color \u2013 Botanicals For You Card\nThis was one of the cards we did in Stamp Club this month\nThis was a fun card to pull together. I used a bunch of my favorite products\u2026 but even more fun was playing with color! I used the 2015-2017 In Colors to pull together my card. The big letters on the Just for You is perfect for coloring with your markers. So I used Mint Macaron, Watermelon Wonder, and Delightful Dijon as my focus colors here. Don\u2019t they look awesome together?\nThen I used the fun follow on sentiment and created a banner to go along the bottom of the card\u2026 because, really, people need to hear they are awesome more often don\u2019t you think?\nI stamped the flower in Watermelon Wonder and cut it out and it is hard to see, but used some of the Gold Wink of Stella in the middle for a little bit", "For a quotation please send an Email and a a picture of earrings you like. Our master goldsmith can create your ring from a photo or picture. Ajediam is champion in custom made jewelry with the best materials, diamonds and gems", "Do you remember the news a few weeks ago that London City airport was announced as the first major airport controlled by a remote digital tower?\nNATS\u2019 air traffic control centre in Swanwick, Hampshire use an \u2018enhanced reality\u2019 view supplied by a state-of-the-art 50m digital control tower. And, they've excelled themselves once again by making London City's digital tower all-weather ready.\nOver many months, using recordings from the camera systems and data from the weather logs, NATS compiled case studies of all the met events the CAA and Met Office required. And then spent many hours studying these to assess the performance of the system and collate training material.\nTo make sure the images on the screens allowed them to do the met assurance observations and provide the ATC service, they spent a lot of time fine-tuning the image, and after a lot of work, gained approval for providing met and the ATC service using the digital tower!\nExcellent work! And so exciting for the future of remote digital tower capabilities.\nWe're also very excited by the news of enhanced operational efficiency for regional airports becoming a reality.\nFor the last few years, a \u2018simplified\u2019 concept has been studied at EUROCONTROL through SESAR trials that would offer the benefits of A-CDM for regional airports, without the complexity of delivering the full picture, yet more developed than an advanced ATC-Tower.\nNow more than ever in these tough times for the airport industry, further network integration of airports is a key success factor to prepare for future capacity management.\nWith the willingness of EUROCONTROL to support this integration, A-CDM for regional airports has become an essential solution to meet this objective and is actively being studied across the industry.\nWe can't wait to see how this develops!\n- Enhanced operational efficiency for regional airports, about to become a reality? - There are parts of the A-CDM system that can offer a lot to regional airports because, besides the challenges mentioned above, regionals are no different from the big hubs in their attempts to run more efficient and cost-conscious airside operations.\n- Always take the weather with you: making London City\u2019s digital tower all-weather ready - NATS Blog - Being able to detect and report the weather is important for a tower controller, and this skill is even more valuable when controlling from a digital tower, where you are not actually where the weather is.\n- NATS passes the Drone Assist baton to Altitude Angel - NATS - Altitude Angel and NATS have today announced that Altitude Angel is to launch an updated version of Drone Assist without the NATS brand.\n- MIRROR \u2013 a new & innovative flight visualisation tool that helps operational stakeholders predict and mitigate delays - EUROCONTROL\u2019s visualisation tool MIRROR creates a sequence of flights for each aircraft in the European aviation network, enabling operational stakeholders to predict delays more accurately, and take measures to mit", "What are some features and advantages of the waterfront home located in Cape Coral", "What events led the author to regain their faith in modern gaming", "Who was the speaker at the event in Mead Chapel, and what title did he hold from 2001 to 2003", "If you have how you feel to be a great idea for an invention, and don\u2019t know what to handle next, here are some things you can do to protect your idea.\nIf you ever finish up in court over your invention, you need conclusive proof when you thought of your idea. In the Our nation the rightful owner of a patent is the person who thought of it first, not the one who patented it first. So you must be able to prove when you thought of it.\nOne way preserve your idea is write down your idea as simply and plainly an individual can, and then have three or four credible non-relatives witness your document stating that they understand the invention and dating their signature. It\u2019s usually a good idea to include drawings or sketches as well. In the future, invent help if serious any dispute if you wish to when you thought of your idea, you might have witnesses that can testify in court, as to a person showed them your idea. Proof positive is what you must.\nYou might be thinking about writing it inside approved inventor\u2019s journal \u2013 a book specially designed with numbered pages that it is difficult to add information later. There are several sources, just search the internet all of them. It his harder at least in theory to later alter the contents of the journal, making it better evidence far more court.\nOnce you\u2019ve established the date that thought of your idea, you for you to follow a few simple rules steer clear of losing your protective equipment. If you do not do anything to develop your idea within one year, then your idea becomes part belonging to the public domain and also you lose your right to obtain a clair. So keep a file where you can put n", "25 tileable textures for your multimedia, web, 3d, game or print designs. Bricks, stones, furs, metals and other materials. These tiles were created digitally, so you w", "dvisor to check in. This is required so the OIS can validate their arrival to the United States in the SEVIS immigration database. The scholar should bring his or her DS-2019, passport, I-94 card, proof of insurance coverage, and that of dependents (if applicable). During the time of check-in, scholars will receive important information on settling into campus and the U.S", "What themes and subjects are explored in the poems read by the speaker during the event", "What is the deadline for the Birmingham City Council's Future Waste Strategy Survey", "late August.\nMy summer scents for this time of year, are, this year:\nMaybe it's just me but those green springy florals are calling to me. Notes like hyacinth, lily of the valley, lilac, box greens and many more...from the back of my closet out comes>>>\n(Untitled) Martin Margiela\nVintage Vent Vert (Balmain)\nNo. 19 (Chanel)\nLaura Ashley No. 1\nVintage Muguet de Bois (Coty)\nLily of the Valley (Penhaligon's)\nLily of the Valley\nWhat is it about a woman on a train that makes a perfume so attractive?\nHere's the new Angel ad...simply stunning, on a futuristic high speed train.\nAnd Chanel No. 5, on an incredible retro sleeper train, of course.\nUpdated 3rd November 2011 at 04:37 PM by Fleurine\nVery nostalgic this week. Another high school memory.\nBasenotes is an online guide to perfume and fragrance, featuring news, a database of fragrances, perfume glossary, fragrance forums, user reviews and more."]}