{"q_indices": [96, 77, 59, 116, 66, 24, 56, 98, 33, 101, 65, 84, 71, 95, 52, 112, 102, 124, 74, 12, 17, 46, 87, 117, 62, 94, 3, 6, 97, 119, 79, 64, 37, 41, 4, 125, 107, 35, 111, 126, 67, 99, 72, 43, 93, 54, 9, 109, 45, 36, 42, 8, 13, 48, 86, 29, 27, 40, 2, 11, 39, 32, 23, 51], "a_indices": [85, 76, 92, 55, 0, 49, 110, 1, 28, 118, 80, 63, 81, 53, 19, 75, 73, 26, 78, 69, 22, 20, 90, 82, 83, 91, 108, 115, 5, 58, 30, 104, 105, 127, 61, 68, 70, 114, 121, 14, 89, 60, 10, 100, 106, 38, 18, 34, 123, 88, 103, 50, 16, 47, 21, 15, 44, 7, 57, 122, 113, 120, 25, 31], "texts": ["Question: Any idea how to get rid of gnats? Hundreds of them are living in my outside and inside plants. I have tried apple-cider vinegar and the little covers I place in the plants are full of tiny bugs every morning. I'm running out of vinegar.\nIs there anything else you can suggest to spray the plants without killing the plants?\nAnswer: The gnats you are experiencing are called fungus gnats. The adult gnats won't hurt your plants, but their larvae can seriously damage feeder roots and root hairs and can cause a loss of vigor to your houseplants. They inhabit the decaying plant material found in the containers. Your best bet is to repot your plants into sterile potting soil and make sure all of your pots have good drainage.\nDo not put extra material in the bottom, such as gravel or some other such material, to aid drainage. It doesn't work. Good drainage is dependent on the potting material used and the drain holes in the container. The gnats need a moist environment for feeding and continued breeding. Avoid over-watering. Let the soil surface dry out as much as you can between waterings. Make sure there is no standing water in drain trays. Keep dead plant material and debris cleaned up. I have heard that 1/2-inch slices of raw potatoes on the soil surface will attract the larvae. Adults are supposedly attracted to red cooking wine or fruit juice. Good luck!\nQ: My well-established, healthy bougainvillea are hardly blooming. This time of year, I water three times a week for 45 minutes each. Should I take them off the drip system and stop watering completely?\nA: Once established, bougainvillea will thrive on neglect. Wean them off of your irrigation system. Don't stop cold turkey. Then just give them a periodic soaking. They will bloom", "rmitted to be put in the dumpster. To learn more, examine a lot of our service areas: Big Bear Lake, CA dumpster rental\nIncreased rules might apply in Sayreville, NJ than in other states. Some districts of the city may also be subject to tighter restrictions based on their environmental position. It is important to notify Deliver my Dumpster where the work will be situated so we can notify you of any relevant restrictions which may pertain before the unit is delivered.\nUnsafe Garbage Regulations in Sayreville\nSayreville bans citizens from disposing of dangerous things in a dumpster which may cause injury or illness.\n- Paint and paint products such as paint thinner\n- Large batteries\n- Chemicals such as gas, cleaning products, or neon materials\n- Ammo or items in danger of exploding\n- Anything that may consist of asbestos\nIf any banned materials are discovered in the unit , regardless of who disposed of them, you might be fined. Sayreville may have additional regulations about dangerous materials that may be on your work site, so consult with your contractor to make sure your plans fit these guidelines . If you cannot throw something away in the unit , ask about what should be done to dispose of it properly .\nRestricted Oversized Items\nCertain oversized items are not permitted to be thrown in a roll-off box in New Jersey.\n- Large appliances like stoves or refrigerators\n- Furniture or box springs\n- Railroad Ties\n- Hefty building materials like stone\nIt is advisable to speak with Sayreville administrators for details of materials which are restricted for safety or legal reasons. If you are not sure about whether or not an item is banned, enquire before you dump it in your dumpster. Weight limitations also apply, if the dumpster is too heavy for Deliver my Dumpster to drive away, you will be in breach of the conditions of the contract.\nAdditional Restricted Materials\nIn some areas of New Jersey there are limitations on these and similar materials, so be sure what is permitted in your area before you begin throwing materials away.\n- Smaller devices like home theatre systems or personal computers\n- House cleaning chemicals\n- Construction items like drywall\nNew Jersey holds a comprehensive list of items that must be disposed of in a secure manner. Make sure you receive a copy of this information before you begin your building project so there is no doubt regarding what you can put in the rental dumpster. Or you could be looking at unloading the dumpster in order to dodge paying fines.\nIf you require more information or have any questions about dumpster leasing in New Jersey, contact Deliver my Dumpster on 888-264-6660\n. People who have contacts or family members in other cities for example Bloomington dumpster rental\n, inform them that we present options everywhere in the region.\nMap of Sayreville:\nTop Cities in New Jersey\n- Toms River, NJ\n- Bridgewater, NJ\n- Elizabeth, NJ\n- Westfield, NJ\n- Summit, NJ\n- Jersey City, NJ\n- Union, NJ\n- Freehold, NJ\n- Brick, NJ\n- Cherry Hill, NJ\n- Edison, NJ\n- Hillside, NJ\n- Morristown, NJ\n- Princeton, NJ\n- Jackson, NJ", "What chapter of the countdown to Christmas book does Miss Kelly read on December 21st", "What was Tiffany caught stealing", "What happens to the human body if there is a deficiency or imbalance in the chemical processes", "Project deliverable Open Access\nGalioto, Francesco; Gava, Oriana; Povellato, Andrea; Vanni, Francesco\nThe overarching objective of Task 5.4 is to analyse market and policy incentives, with governance mechanisms, supporting Agro-ecological Farming Systems (AEFS), by delivering a multi-criteria assessment (MCA) of co-constructed innovative market and policy incentives (MPIs). To achieve that objective a mixed methods approach is used, where MCA and qualitative analysis complement each other by gathering information about different aspects of the MPIs and their implications for the governance and future policies. The research design is structured towards three more specific objectives, each being associated with a methodological step, as follows:\nStep 1. To investigate the MPIs that need to be improved to ensure proper functioning. This objective is achieved via a multi-criteria analysis (MCA) of selected MPIs, based on performance and relevance criteria (Effectiveness, Undesired effects, Targeting, Efficiency, Feasibility, Urgency and priority) selected via EU stakeholder consultation;\nStep 2. To identify changes in the design of the MPIs, owing to 8 categories (Income and market support, Agri-environment payments, Payments for investments, Knowledge promotion, Certification schemes, Food policies, Networking/cooperation, Other measures), to increase their performances. This objective is achieved via a qualitative analysis;\nStep 3. To explore how future policies can facilitate governance adjustments and opportunities for the correct implementation of the mix of MPIs. This objective is achieved via a qualitative analysis.\nData for all methodological steps are collected at the case study (CS)-level via workshops and/or interviews from the same set of stakeholders, using guidelines prepared by CREA. Result interpretation creates a link with Deliverable 3.4 (Schwarz et al., 2021) by referring to the different transition stages observed in the case studies (Initiating and Enhancing) and to the barriers that the MPIs aim at removing.\nPerformance and relevance rankings share the top three MPIs, i.e. Knowledge promotion, Networking / Cooperation and Payments for investments. When considering Initiating vs Enhancing case studies, Knowledge promotion is considered the backbone of the MPIs mix for both CS groups; instead there is trade-off in the relevance and performance ranking of Networking/cooperation MPIs, with Enhancing displaying greater figures. A possible reason for this difference is the greater need for aggregation, peer-to-peer discussion, and integration of several different actors in CS at the Enhancing stage, compared with those at the Initiating stage, as the knowledge challenge has shifted from knowledge creation and diffusion (Initiating) to capacity building (Enhancing).\nThe different transition stage might support the understanding of the better ranking of Knowledge promotion, Payments for investments, Agri-environment payments, and Certification schemes in the Initiating than in the Enhancing CSs. Those MPIs can trigger a transformation process of those farming systems that are still based on conventional, resource use efficiency or input-substitution production methods. Income and market support MPIs are considered not essential or moderately essential to initiate or enhance the adoption of AEPs. This looks reasonable when considering substantially economic objective of these MPIs and the concern of farmers at the Enhancing stage not to jeopardize the survival of the farms due to lack of recognition by the market for the efforts made to transform their farming system. Then for farms at the Enhanc", "Who was responsible for the time-out", "OW, April 16 (Itar-Tass) \u2014 A group of gunmen has been blocked in Dagestan\u2019s Novolakskoye district, a source from the information centre of the National Antiterrorism Committee told Tass on Monday.\nThe source said the operation is carried out by officers of the Federal Security Service and the Interior Ministry of Russia, which earlier received data on the whereabouts of the group of gunmen operating in the district. An antiterrorist operation regime was imposed in the district at 11 am, Moscow time, on Monday.\nAccording to the source, gunmen offered fierce armed resistance during attempts to block the dugout where the gunmen were hiding. \u201cAt the present moment the area of the antiterrorist operation is blocked, and the active phase of the combat operation continues,\u201d sources from the National Antiterrorism Committee said.", "What did Dr. Nahum Goldmann commend the Jewish Labor Committee for in his message to the convention", "What is the focus of the middle school devotional titled 'Caring for Creation'", "Questions for class discussion, h106, scarpino silent spring by rachel carson. What are the negative effects of pesticides environmental sciences essay the result was wide and often indiscriminate use the use of pesticides enhance the. Indiscriminate use of pesticides essays victor segalen essay on exoticism in opera essay on the moral argument flash research papers impact of social networking zero. Fathers and sons ivan turgenev essay writing essay english important education essay in english wikipedia essayez cette coiffure essay on andy warhol i love when my. History of pesticide use: this brought home the problems that could be associated with indiscriminate use of pesticides and paved the way for safer and more. 2017-10-25 \u062e\u0627\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u0646\u062c\u0645\u0646 \u0647\u0627 cras nibh erat indiscriminate use of pesticides essay \u2013 116180 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u062c\u0633\u062a\u0627\u0631 \u0634\u0627\u0645\u0644 0 \u067e\u0627\u0633\u062e \u060c \u0648 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0627\u06cc 1 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u0628\u0631 \u0627\u0633\u062a \u060c \u0648 \u0622\u062e\u0631\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0631. Howto write a research paper on drugs biophysics research papers school code of conduct essays ancient essay mariner rime indiscriminate use of pesticides essay.\nFinal essay: rachel carson and the fight against indiscriminate pesticide use may 10, 2012 prompt: rachel carson\u2019s silent spring was a controversial piece of work when it was published in 1962. 5th grade writers dissect their essays a metacognitive exercise in writing condoms in high school essay importance of a thesis statement in an essay my neighborhood essays essay on online piracy doctoral dissertation help dublin culture and communication essay child how to write a 2 page essay in 2 hours nature vs nurture essay hook. Advantages and disadvantages of pesticides and it is also very difficult to incorporate biological control with other programs that may use pesticides and thus. 2017-12-9 indiscriminate use of pesticides essay indiscriminate use of pesticides essaysproper heading for an essay henry use pesticides. Environmental toxicology and human health \u2013 vol i emphasis then was to stop the wide and indiscriminate use of pesticides and other chemicals.\n5 paragraph essay about amelia earhart symbols describing yourself essay indiscriminate use of pesticides essay rhonda router rebuttal essaymiddle ages essay. Kreditai nuo 18 metu works cited essay within a book b\u016bsto paskola seb paemiau paskola paskola uk studijoms lateko kreditai busto paskolos salygos 2015 paskolos. I wrote a personal essay on how the civil rights movement hurt the black community too bad i'll never let anyone read it bronfenbrenner essay writing a research essay means challenging your assumptions about the world because las vegas case study marketing essay describe sunset beach essay, beverley hughesdon author biography essay how. Start studying environmentalists \u2022 wrote the famous wilderness essay was published in 1962 and spoke out", "What are the functions of necessary cookies mentioned in the text", "What are the movement rules for jumping or zigzagging over pegs in the game described", "What product did the author recently review for free from Influenster", "your control to behave inside a professional manner.\nApps are not challenging to create. Your potential customers would love to be given a free app why not construct your own? By offering visitors your own personal custom-made apps, you could potentially significantly increase the prosperity of your mobile marketing plan. There are numerous of several features it is possible to offer along with your app.\nIf one makes forwarding your ad simple and easy attractive, your recipients will probably be far more likely to share your details. To spread the phrase, provide an incentive to individuals customers who pass your mobile marketing promotion.\nOn the mobile landing page, consider A/B testing. Be sure you run as many tests in a number of ways that you could. You wish to make sure every one of the content you put up works. Create two unique versions of your landing pages (A & B), then select which page your website visitors prefer. Choose the better performing option through the two of them.\nIf you decide to incorporate SMS messaging as part of your mobile marketing strategy, you need to clearly state how often messages will be sent when customers opt-in, and possess a simple way to opt-out. Without controlled usage and monitoring, SMS can have a poor result with mobile clients. Quite a few users believe that SMS is just too invasive into their personal comfort and space. So ensure you opt customers into receiving your SMS marketing and uphold a maximum volume of texts you can expect to ever submit per month. Honesty will build trust and loyalty for your personal brand.\nMobile marketing has a great deal potential it can be challenging to know how to begin. The ideas you learned may help get you going on the right path..", "on Saturday night after being injured against the L.A. Lakers the night before. \u2026 The Nuggets, who have lost consecutive games and four of their past five, are trying to avoid their first three-game losing streak of the season.\nRockets Notes: The Rockets have lost two consecutive games to the Nuggets and come into the game as losers in three of their past four games. Houston is 2-4 against Northwest Division competition this season.", "So, lately I have been into reviewing products that I am able to get for free from various places. I was able to try Red Rose Creme Caramel for free thanks to Influenster. I will explain more about what Influenster is in my next post, which will be information about ALL of the wonderful products I received to review. First I was blown away by the tantalizing aroma, then I was absolutely amazed by the flavor of the tea.", "What features make the Hotcards Tall Retractable Banner Stands suitable for marketing", "Trending: Caring for Creation\nCaring about God's creation\u2014a middle school devotional designed to talk about creation care. In this devotional, you'll find motivation to care for and abo", "VWE Automotive is an information provider to the automobile industry and decided to integrate data science capabilities in their operations to make sure that more meaningful data is provided to car dealerships and in a more efficient and reliable way to increase the overall efficiency of the system.\nIn this study we will discuss the following points which will help you in understanding the Data Science team of VWE Automotive:\n- The importance of becoming a Data-Driven Organization for VWE Automotive\n- Internal struggles of the company against the data science approach\n- Managing expectations within any organization\n- Building a working and successful data science model\n- Making sure that your client will utilize the new model in their organization.\nHowever, before we go into this detail let\u2019s take a look at the origin of VWE Automotive and its core business to have a better understanding of the topic.\nThe origins of VWE\nThe company originally started as a physical marketplace for cars in Utrecht in 1975. Starting with paperwork (f.e. import and export documents), VWE Automotive acceded the world of data a long time ago, unconsciously of the possibilities it could give today.\nHowever, back in 1975, there was no technology to analyze data on a large scale and since 2000 VWE Automotive has been slowly transforming to a data-driven organization. From then, VWE Automotive started to add external data sources which resulted in a huge pile of data: VWE Automotive has information about 1200 characteristics of approximately 30 million vehicles in the Netherlands.\nOver the last couple of year, VWE changed into a company where data science is one of the core strategies of their organization..\nWhat is the core business of VWE Automotive?\nVWE Automotive has three 3 main propositions:\nIt acts as a marketplace for secondhand cars and has a physical marketplace in Beverwijk along with an online platform.\n- MyVWE Platform:\nThis platform acts as an operating system for car dealerships and using this platform they can easily manage various tasks such as APK\u2019s, import/export documentation, digital advertisements, inventory etc.\nThis is a mobile application launched by the company which allows users to easily find and view information about different cars.\nVWE Automotive possesses 12,000 of in total 22,000 car dealerships in their database. Other than a car dealer, the company also has various other clients on board such as fleet owners, lease corporations, insurance companies, corporates as well as individuals.\nNow we understand the core business of VWE Automotive, let\u2019s look into the reason why Data Science is important for VWE\u2019s business model.\nThe importance of becoming a Data-Driven Organization for VWE\nEwoud van Bennekom, Manager Data & Insights at VWE Automotive, says: \u201cWe are a company that controls and sells data. We put a lot of time into the quality of the data and we make useful data products out of it, e.g. reports, dashboards, data file deliveries and fully automated data inquiries. But most of the time you\u2019re still talking about flat data\u201d\nHe further added, \u201cYou want to create insights that no one else has. So when we try to help our customers (car dealers), we want to give them more than a number about how much APK\u2019s they handled. For example, benchmarking helps customers to compare their performance to the market. Also, giving information to car dealers about the number of clients is not as useful as telling which potential clients might leave them. The goal of our data science strategy is to give our clients more valuable insights. That means that listening to our clients is just as important as creating a new data science model.\nSo how can Data Science be of value to VWE Automotive?\nTo illustrate the value of Data Science, VWE Automotive describes one of their use-cases.\nEvery week, VWE Automotive organizes a car market in Beverwijk where about 400 cars are sold to buyers who come to Beverwijk from Europe. The supply of cars often concerns older cars (> 10 years) with quite a few kilometers (> 225,000 km) on the odometer.\nIt is up to the selling car dealer to determine which cars he takes from his stock to the", "id bungee, telescopic pole, allowing for variable graphic heights from 6' min. to 10' max.\n- Snap top graphic rail\n- Silver base with black end caps\n- Swivel feet for stability\n- Includes basic carry bag\n- Standard height of 78.5\"\n- Quick and easy to assemble\nThis product comes with a convenient carrying case that makes it easy to move in and out of events.\nMake a bold impact when you have it on display \u2013 then simply tuck away with this retractable display.\nWe\u2019ve made it easy to let you print and change out graphics when it\u2019s time to start a new promotion or event.\nDesigned with YOU in mind, this display is simple, fast and easy to setup!\nOur products are made to last! This is why we use only the most durable materials.", "7 p.m. today, ALT, 1510 AM\nSpotlight on Kyle Lowry: Among the point guards who make a good case to be included among the West all-star reserves is Lowry. He has put together stellar averages of 14.6 points, 8.1 assists, 6.1 rebounds and 2.0 steals per game.\nNuggets notes: Center Timofey Mozgov will not play in tonight\u2019s game as he continues to deal with a sprained left ankle. The 7-footer did not play in the team\u2019s game at Portland", "We LOVE that you LOVE us!\n\u201cI LOVE YOU GUYS WITH ALL MY HEART\u2026 I\u2019M GONNA CRY...THX\u201d\n~ Lawrence Craft, Pictureman Photography & Graphics, OH\nSpend less time setting up and more time marketing with Hotcards Tall Retractable Banner Stands!\nLooking to make a bigger impact with your banner stands? Try our affordable Tall Retractable Banner Stands to ensure your advertising is easy to spot. With a heavy-duty aluminum base, versatile stand in silver with sleek black endcaps, and a variety of height options up to 10', these gigantic banner stands are meant to fit whatever your heart desires.\n- Durable 13oz Anti-curl Vinyl\n- Premium Dye Sub Tradeshow Fabric\n- Premium 12mil Super Smoother Banner\n- Heavy-duty, weighted stand\n- Hybr", "What impact did CS:GO have on the eSports scene compared to its predecessors in the Counter Strike franchise", "Is it advisable to replace a large Desert Museum paloverde tree with a desert-adapted shrub", "Counter strike is a long running game franchise, it started out as a mod but Valve Corporation ended up with the rights to the game and its related content. As of now there are total 7 games released under this name. CS:GO was released in 2012 as a multiplatform game.\nBut until CS:GO came along, the Counter Strike franchise wasn\u2019t making much impact in the eSports circuit. By the time Global offensive was released, most of the major organizations that were organizing competitive Counter strike tournaments have already gone out of business. Most people in the gaming business consider CS:GO as another lackluster addition in the franchise which couldn\u2019t possibly carry much weight in the competitive gaming circuit.\nHowever, the developers clearly had a different outcome in mind, they listened to what the gaming community especially fans who play CS:GO professionally had to say about the game. The result was a ramped up game that became the ultimate in eSports.\nAfter the overhaul, valve went another step and hosted a Global tourney and they have kept the trend up y", "to buy one. The best way to read your camera's instruction method for exact directions. You can then transfer that data to a DVD by connecting your camcorder to your computer or DVD burner.\n- Use A DVD Recorder - This method allows you to hook up your VHS Player right to the DVD recorder. You can record your DVD directy from the VHS pretty easily,\nLaptop With DVD Burner\nExternal DVD Burner\nVideo Capture Card\n- Use A Computer - To convert VHS video to DVD on your computer, you will need an analog-to-digital converter that helps the VHS communicate with the computer. It will convert the VHS into a format the the computer can read and recognize. There are many available so you should do some research as to what you want. You'll also want to make sure your computer has a DVD writer so it can burn your DVD. Many of the converters combine both. This method will make it easy to edit your movies and add special effects.\n- Use a Video Capture Card - You connect the VHS player to a video capture card on your computer. Using an S-video cable gives you the best quality. It will record in an AVI format to your hard drive. You can play around with the settings until you get a good quality recording. You can then burn a DVD from the the AVI movie format.\n- Use An External DVD Burner - This is a convenient method as you can directly connect your VHS player to the DVD Burner.\n- Use A Video to DVD Service - If you don't want to mess around with the cables and converting you can always use a DVD service that will create your DVD's for you. You simply supply them with the media and they will convert it into DVD format for a charge. This is great for converting the older 8MM tapes to DVD format.\nTips To Convert Video To DVD\nHere are some things you should take into consideration when converting your old VHS tapes:\n- Make sure the tapes are cleaned by using a head cleaner for your VHS.\n- Practice first on little sections of tape.\n- Turn down the sharpness on your VHS player so the images are softer.\n- Record at the highest quality available to preserve your memories at the best quality.\n- There is software available to help you enhance your recordings.\n- Do not throw away your original copy just in case.\n- Do not be afraid to try to convert your video to DVD. It will be worth it to you to have those special memories preserved forever.", "What does Russia hope to achieve from the talks in Astana regarding Syria", "This notion of \u201cFootball First\u201d or \u201cBasketball First\u201d fans at Carolina amuses me.\nHaving graduated from UNC and been around for four decades, I am hard-pressed to think of a Carolina alumnus or rabid fan who roots passionately for one of the sports and disses the other. If you\u2019re a Tar Heel fan, your pull for the Tar Heels. Period.\nNow, there are different levels of personal passion, for a number of reasons.\nYou might like unrushed football weekends in Chapel Hill over traffic jams to and from the Dean Dome. Or you might like the sport of basketball (especially Carolina and ACC style) over the longer, weather-affected gridiron game.\nBut I honestly don\u2019t know a single person who wants one of the sports to succeed at the expense of the other. Including me, who has been painted by some as a \u201cbasketball-firster.\u201d\nIndulge me for a moment. I actually like football better than basketball. Having played it from 6th grade through high school, and watched many more college and pro football games, I understand the sport better. Even if you see a football play for the first time, you can clearly watch it evolve from snap to whistle. Aside from the few sets that Carolina basketball has been running for 40 years before it goes freelance, I don\u2019t recognize most of the plays. In basketball, you don\u2019t need to watch the game that way. If the possession ends with a hoop, we are happy.\nI fell in love with Carolina in the fall before I ever saw a UNC basketball game. It was at Kenan Stadium on a gorgeous autumn afternoon. Against Clemson. Don\u2019t think we won, but it did not matter. As a city kid, I was hooked on the beauty and pageantry and majesty of it all.\nA few months later, at the old Carmichael Auditorium, I was mesmerized by Frank McGuire when he strode onto the court with his South Carolina basketball team. I knew he had a history in Chapel Hill and soon learned the whole story. In those years, Dean Smith was a youngster, still earning respect from his players and the fans who idolized what McGuire had done in 1957.\nPersonal passion aside, there is also personal access in the makeup of Carolina football and basketball fans. Relatively few could cram into Carmichael as the Tar Heels and Smith became national figures in their own right. Students and staff got a few thousand tickets and the rest went to Rams Cub members, who had begun funding athletic scholarships at UNC.\nNothing really changed when the Smith Center opened in 1986, because the fan base had increased more disproportionately than the seating capacity. Let\u2019s run the numbers.\nOf the 22,000 seats in the Dean Dome, say roughly 7,000 go to students and 3,000 go to faculty and staff. That leaves 12,000. The Rams Club donors who financed the building got to buy all of those seats, the higher their gift the better the ticket location and number they could buy. Some bought two seats but others bought as many as 12 and still have them. If it\u2019s an average of four, that means only 3,000 Carolina fans (or families) own basketball season tickets.\nCarolina tries to sell at least three times that many season tickets at (now) 63,000-seat Kenan Stadium. Plus single-game seats always go on sale, which happens rarely in basketball. So, simply put, more Tar Heel fans can go to football games than basketball games, and that access may increase their personal pride as well as passion in that sport.\nSome see the lucky basketball season-ticket holders as elitists because they possess a commodity. But I am guessing the great majority of Dean Domers also spend football weekends in Chapel Hill, and cheer for the football Tar Heels on Saturdays.\nWhether losses ruin their weekends like occasional basketball defeats sour their next days is purely a matter of habit. Carolina has won three ACC football championships since 1966, compared to roughly 10 times that many regular-season or tournament titles in basketball. Plus Carolina has won five national championships, while the football Tar Heels haven\u2019t played in what is equivalent to a BCS bowl game today sinc", "How many consecutive games have the Nuggets lost before their upcoming game", "Links and Resources\nProduct Contact by Phone\nABLEDATA - The premier source of information on assistive technology. - 1-800-227-0216 (Voice); 301-608-8912 (TTY).\nAbleNet, Inc. - Communication aids - 800-322-0956.\nABLEPHONE - Manufacturer of adaptive telephones. - 619-667-0048.\nAbilitations - Mobility products - 800-850-8603.\nAdrian's Closet - Clothes - 800-831-2577.\nAccess One, Inc. - Your resource for barrier free products! - 1-800-561-2223 (US).\nAccess to Recreation - Offers equipment that aids in recreational activities.- 1-800-634-4351.\nAccess with Ease - Living aids for persons with arthritis, stroke, and other disabilities. - 800-531-9479.\nAccessible Designs Adjustable Systems Inc. - Adjustable furniture for all abilities. -\nAccessible Products Inc. - 800-428-9234.\nAdaptive Access Company - This company provides a comprehensive range of accessible solutions to homes and businesses and offers accessible home remodeling and modifications in Houston Texas and the surrounding areas. - 281-856-9332.\nAdaptive Technologies and Research, Inc. - Assisted-living products for individuals with disabilities. - 810 667 9524.\nAssistive Devices, Inc. - Assistive devices are gadgets that make life easier. They can be anything from items that help pick up food with less difficulty, button a sweater, or maintain stability in the shower. 1-800-856-0889.\nAqua Bath Company, Inc. - Bath - 800-232-2284.\nAssistive Technology, Inc. - 800-793-9227.\nCan-We-Talk - Voice recognition programs, products for people with physical disabilities and visual disabilities, and productivity tools. - 1-860-663-0580.\nCane Candle - Seven models of portable light for adults and children whom may have a walking disability. - 800-287-6573.\nCloset Carousel - An innovative product that allows physically challenged individuals to reach for their belongings. - 800-200-9272.\nComfortHouse - Arthritis and independent living aids. - 1-800-359-7701.\nComfortex Inc. - Mattress and cushions - 800-445-4007.\nDynamic Living, Inc. - Offers kitchen appliances, unique daily living products and home automation products that promote a convenient, comfor", "ear over year. The prize pool is sponsored by Valve and is only getting bigger and better with time. The number of viewers for the competitive matches has been on the rise as well with many people betting on the games at sites like https://cybbet.com/games/csgo.\nAccording to industry insiders, the growth of CS:GO as a major eSports is due mainly to the increased interest that Valve had taken in the game. The company has invested time, effort and money to bring around huge changes in the game itself and also on how it is promoted. The regular and timely updates, the quick bug fixes have streamlined the game and increased confidence in the competitive gaming community. As a matter of fact, the current version of CS:GO hardly has any resemblance to the game that was released in 2012 and had faced heavy criticisms.\nValve\u2019s effort to make the game pro centric can be seen in the introduction of game items that benefit professional teams directly. This way Valve is making money for themselves and also giving people reasons to play the game professionally for a living", "What key components are necessary for educating patients about Enhanced Recovery After Surgery (ERAS) to empower them as active partners in their surgical experience", "How do Carolina fans perceive their support for football and basketball based on the author's experience", "ut the world and all of creation that God has entrusted to us.\nWe would like to thank reThink Group for providing this plan. For more information, please visit: http://orangestudents.co", "What solution did the author decide to implement to handle the outfit design challenge for Sarah", "What types of products does Intel develop and what services do they provide in Bangalore", "What themes and elements are commonly found in Bollywood films", "failing the LGBT family or how we should be more welcoming of those on the margins. Just the sex.\nI know these types of sermons only happen once and a while. Sometimes it\u2019ll be years in between. Still, that one sermon changes everything.\nIt\u2019s hard to listen to a sermon on virtually any other subject after that. A sermon on grace from a pastor who doesn\u2019t show grace to the LGBT community comes off as all talk. I know that sermon on grace isn\u2019t meant for me.\nOr if the following week, the pastor preaches about God\u2019s love for everyone, I\u2019ll hear the silent caveat of \u201cexcept for the LGBT community.\u201d How can I believe that pastor who says if we accept Jesus as our savior we\u2019ll be saved when the week before he said, \u201cthe effeminate will not inherit the kingdom of heaven\u201d?\nNo, those sermons aren\u2019t for me. They\u2019re meant to exalt straight Christians.\nI\u2019ve tried to go to churches that support the LGBT community. Almost all of them worship on Sunday. That doesn\u2019t necessarily keep me from going. I enjoy visiting other churches as a way to broaden my interfaith network.\nYet, as a Seventh-day Adventist, I want to be in a church that most closely aligns with my beliefs. Right now, for better or worse, that\u2019s the Seventh-day Adventist Church.\nBut my denomination, as well as many other traditional denominations, doesn\u2019t want anything to do with me. If it did preachers and followers would do more than condemn. They would find ways to show, tangibly, they loved and cared for us.\nThe church should be a sanctuary. A place of fellowship. A holy place.\nThe church should be a place where LGBT people are mentioned not as sex acts but as children of God.\nI want to have, again, the sense i had when i was young and excited go to church, and fellowship with fellow believers.\nI yearn for that place", "What are some concerns that patients have about the Enhanced Recovery After Surgery (ERAS) protocols according to the 2017 study", "What is the current situation involving gunmen in Dagestan's Novolakskoye district", "What are some well-known playback singers in Bollywood films", "What did President Eisenhower commend the Jewish Labor Committee for in his message on the occasion of their national convention", "What major issues does the uncontrolled use of pesticides present to the environment and human health", "Russia hopes Astana talks on Syria will yield package of documents on de-escalation zonesRussian Politics & Diplomacy June 25, 20:31\nRussians\u2019 real incomes up by 3% in May - Russian finance ministerBusiness & Economy June 25, 18:39\nAll doping tests of Russian players at 2014 FIFA World Cup are negativeSport June 25, 15:10\nPolice refrains from calling Newcastle incident a terrorist attackWorld June 25, 13:14\nPutin offers condolences to Pakistan\u2019s president over fire victimsRussian Politics & Diplomacy June 25, 12:39\nFire of fuel tank kills 123 people in Pakistan - TVWorld June 25, 7:58\nMuslims worldwide celebrate Eid al-FitrSociety & Culture June 25, 5:18\nMexico knocks out Russia from FIFA Confederations Cup with 2-1 win in KazanSport June 24, 19:59\nPutin visits Crimean youth camp ArtekSociety & Culture June 24, 19:42\nMOSC", "What is the helpline number for Intel Bangalore Contact", "What is the range of graphic heights that the bungee telescopic pole can adjust to", "I prepared it as suggested on the package which included adding a splash of milk. I also added a little sugar as I would with any other tea. It was very creamy and the caramel flavor definitely popped through. It amazes me that these are natural flavors. Red Rose Creme Caramel Tea has all the flavor of dessert with none of the guilt! I highly recommend giving this tea a shot. I can\u2019t wait to try more Red Rose flavors!", "What did the author add to Red Rose Creme Caramel Tea to enhance its flavor", "more readily when they are watered less frequently.\nQ: How can we keep pigeons out of our palm tree in the backyard? I wonder if a 3-inch chlorine tablet would repel them?\nA: Other than removing the palm tree, I don't know if there is really any permanent solution. Suggestions I received included spraying some kind of animal deterrent such as Liquid Fence, blasting them with a stream of water from your hose and trying some type of sticky solution, although I'm not sure how you would apply that in a palm tree. I wouldn't use chlorine tablets since they would dissolve and leach toxic chlorine into the trunk and onto the ground. You could also try an exterminator to see if they have any solutions.\nQ: We have a large Desert Museum paloverde tree, but the location is suited more for a shrub. Can this tree be cut back and trimmed to grow as a large shrub? I do not want to cut down and kill the paloverde.\nA: You can top the tree and stub back the branches. This will produce numerous sprouts from the cuts, and the tree will look like a woody shrub. This will probably work, but I feel obligated to tell you that the better choice would be to replace the tree with a desert-adapted shrub.\nQ: My horses have chewed a circle around a beautiful saguaro. Will the saguaro live?\nA: Unlike a tree, a saguaro that has been girdled will not die as the water and nutrient transport system is in the center of the plant rather than under the bark. Your saguaro will be fine as it will dry out and heal itself.\nBabcock is assistant director of horticulture at Desert Botanical Garden. Send her your garden questions at firstname.lastname@example.org.\nPaloverdes can be trimmed back like a shrub, but substituting a desert shrub would be better.\nView subscription options", "all who suffer it. Your work in rallying moral and material aid to the persecuted commands the respect and thanks of all who cherish their own freedom.\u201d\nDr. Nahum Goldmann, chairman of the Jewish Agency executive, in a message to the convention, lauded the Jewish Labor Committee for the \u201cgreat help\u201d it gave him and his colleagues in working out the reparations pact with Germany. Your cooperation has been especially important with regard to enlisting the full support of the Social Democratic Party in Germany. As you know the unanimous vote of the Social democratic for the ratification of the agreement was decisive,\u201d Dr. Goldmann pointed out. Greetings were also received from Ambassador Abba Eban of Israel and from leaders of the American labor movement.", "What factors have contributed to the growth of CS:GO as a major eSports according to industry insiders", "What is one of the main motivations for VWE Automotive to integrate data science capabilities in their operations", "MatcHub-2B can be developed both in Facebook or LinkedIn. Beside generating leads for your sales team, MatcHub-2B will contribute to your brand-awareness and to consolidate your name within the market.\nWrite us to get more details about MatcHub-2B or to schedule a free call with one of the expert of our team.", "What does the author feel is lacking in the way churches treat the LGBT community, and what do they envision for the church instead", "ance a bit wider than shoulder-width apart.\nBend your hips, keeping your knees almost fully extended, until your back is parallel to the ground. Keep your back as straight as possibly during the motion.\nStraighten out your hips until you are back in the upright position. Maintain a straight-back position while doing this motion.\nStanding Dumbbell One-Legged Calf Raise\nGrasp a dumbbell in your right hand using an overhand grip. Position the toes of your right foot on the edge of a weight plate. Cross your left leg behind your right leg, and stand with your torso upright.\nPlantarflex (flex) your right ankle to rise up on the toes of your right foot.\nExtend your right ankle to lower your right heel toward the ground. After you perform the desired number of reps with your right foot, repeat the exercise with your left foot.\n- If you find it difficult to balance your body while doing the standing dumbbell one-legged calf raise, then you should do the exercise with both feet at the same time, holding a dumbbell in each hand.\n- Make sure to consult your health-care professional prior to starting the aforementioned workout program, or any new training regimen.\n- Hemera Technologies/AbleStock.com/Getty Images", "What services does Deliver My Dumpster provide for residents of Sayreville, NJ regarding dumpster rentals", "Miss Kelly reads chapter 21 of our count down to Christmas book. Enjoy sharing this chapter on the 21st December! 4 sleeps!\nHow Winston Delivered Christmas- Chapter 20\nMiss Chhibber reads today's installment of How Winston Delivered Christmas. Enjoy sharing this chapter with your children this evening.\nHow Winston Delivered Christmas- Chapter 19\nMiss Smith reads today's chapter for the 19th December as we count down to Christmas! We hope you enjoy sharing this chapter with the children!\nHow Winston Delivered Christmas -Chapter 18\nMiss Bleakley reads Chapter 18 of How Winston Delivered Christmas. This is the first of our bedtime stories as we count down to Christmas day! Enjoy!\nUnfortunately not the ones with chocolate chips.\nOur cookies ensure you get the best experience on our website.\nPlease make your choice!\nSome cookies are necessary in order to make this website function correctly. These are set\nby default and whilst yo", "ing stage, Income and market support could become an effective payment for ecosystem services related to AE redesign.\nCompared to Initiating CSs, Enhancing CSs display a richer menu of instruments that can strengthen capacity building and social capital. This suggests the existence of a systemic vision in addressing the problem of knowledge promotion, ranging from changes on the design of dedicated instruments to promote knowledge diffusion to changes on the design of regulatory restrictions and incentives to raise awareness among final recipients (farmers).\nCAP Pillar II instruments, especially knowledge promotion, cooperation and agri-environment payments, are evaluated as the most effective for encouraging the AE transition. This is especially relevant for farms that are initiating the adoption of AEPs and that need to face the challenge of knowledge creation. Food policies and certification schemes play a pivotal role by allowing the diffusion of AEPs - especially when the transition is initiating - and the related knowledge. Networking/cooperation instruments are crucial to create synergies within and amongst food chains and to support consumer responsibilities and involvement, which are needed to address the capacity building challenge and enhance AEPs towards system redesign.\nTo support the removal of the knowledge and social capital barriers, future policy should sustain the access to advisory services by farmers, to raise awareness about agro-ecological practices. With agricultural diversification being a core theme in agro-ecology, the creation of partnerships and collective projects is a key step towards the increased availability of agro-ecological food on the local markets. Then, there is a need for targeted interventions for intermediate institutions (e.g., rural districts) and for the empowerment of the cooperation measures of the Rural Development Programme (e.g., pilot food chain projects).\nTo remove the value added and market access barriers, consumer markets should be more sustainable. Future policies can support sustainable market development through various instruments. For example, new voluntary \u201cagro-ecology\u201d certification and labelling schemes may be required in the short term. Public procurement initiatives are an additional way to drive the agro-ecological transition from the demand-side. These can build on already existing programmes (e.g. school programmes), but to improve public procurement initiatives, new and more ambitious standards are required in the call for tenders for public schools (e.g., local food, reducing food waste).\nTo remove the policy design barriers, there is a need for lighter bureaucracy and for a simplification in the requirements for policy support. Further experimenting innovative MPIs like result-based payments and eco-schemes targeted to AE practices might speed-up the AE transition process in Europe, as well.\nUNISECO is a European research project aiming to develop innovative approaches to enhance the understanding of socio-economic and policy drivers and barriers for further development and implementation of agro-ecological practices in EU farming systems. Learn more about the project: https://uniseco-project.eu/\nThis project has received funding from the European Union's H2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 773901.\nThis publication reflects only the authors' view and the European Commission is not responsible for any use that may be made of the information it contains.\nUNISECO D5.4 Annex 1 Case Study Summaries.pdf\nUNISECO_D5.4 Innovative Market and Policy Instruments to Promote the Agro-ecological Transition Strategies.pd", "What are the four main muscle groups in the legs that women should focus on for attaining more muscular legs", "GV Calgary to tell our staff how great things are going for him at SAIT. Check it out in this video.\nVan was recently honoured as our \u201cAlumna of the Month\u201c at the GV Calgary Graduation. Check out this link for more details on her success story", "The human body works in exceptionally secretive courses, and as therapeutic innovation continues advancing we continue showing signs of improvement comprehension of it.\nStarting at now, it is realized that basically each and every procedure in the human body is directed by substance responses that occur on a minute level.\nOn the off chance that there is a sure inadequacy or unevenness in those concoction forms the human body gets to be distinctly weaker, more helpless and not able to perform to its maximum capacity.\nThis impact can really be seen frequently in a bad position performing in bed; it isn\u2019t so much that they", "Why has Horizons ETFs Management suspended new subscriptions for the BetaPro S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures Inverse ETF", "best for your business and customers.\nSamcart offers a platform that caters to those buying physical (t-shirts, toys, etc.) and digital (3d printing models, music, etc.) online products\nIt allows them to find what they want on your site, order it, pay for it and have it shipped in the easiest, most intuitive way possible.\nAnalytics and Reports\nSamcart looks out for your needs as a creator and online shop owner. It gives you the data you need to make the right decisions, all from an easy-to-read dashboard.\nThis gives you insight into your business\u2019s performance and suggests ways to improve it.\nSamcart offers excellent tips, tricks and guides that will help you get started on your journey to success.\nYou can also reach them via email, live chat or Facebook. They\u2019re always willing to help you maximize your software.\nFeature-Rich Affiliate Management\nSamcart\u2019s integrated affiliate management system allows you to manage and monitor your affiliate marketing program intuitively. Samcart Payment Options\nThis system allows users to consolidate their affiliates and monitor their connections with other businesses and promoters, helping them reach out to more customers.\nSamcart\u2019s software is easy to integrate with Zapier, which allows you to use common marketing tools and services. It helps you get your business out there without using a hundred different programs.\nSupports One-Click Upsells and Granular Coupons & Discount Control\nThe system allows users to boost their revenues through one-click down sells and upsells, allowing the site\u2019s customers to upgrade their products easily.\nProgram users also have more control over discounts and coupons. These promos draw people in, help you get more customers to your business, and encourage them to stay.\nSamcart does a great job of fulfilling its promises, but it is not perfect. Here are some considerations for those looking to use Samcart for their businesses.\nExpensive Price Range\nWhile Samcart comes with a free 14-day trial, it is a paid subscription service. It comes in two payment tiers: Pro tier for $99 a month (or $888 a year) and Premium for $199 a month (or $2388 a year).\nThis is a very steep price for people starting as small business owners. Some comparative services offer their entire platform of a one-time payment.\nIf your starting budget is relatively low, Samcart may be too much price-wise.\nLimited Designs Options\nYou have 50 template designs with Samcart, but it is fairly limited in terms of its customization and mix-and-match ability compared to similar brands.\nIt is possible to settle on a design that you don\u2019t like because it is easy to set up. Consider how much customization you want or need before investing.\nNot Made for Selling Services\nSamcart was designed to sell goods. It allows customers to choose the products they want, how many they want, and then pay for them. Then, it can ship them without any problems.\nWhile is usable for services it\u2019s not as user-friendly and will make it more difficult for service-based entrepreneurs to use.\nFew Payment Processor Integrations\nTo give customers the option of paying online, your software should integrate with as many payment processors possible. Unfortunately, Samcart is limited in this regard.\nAlthough Stripe and Paypal are both accepted, there are limited payment options with Samcart.\nNo Apple Pay or Crypto Support\nSamcart will attract crypto and Apple pay users to your site as an online, money-based transaction program. They will wish to use their platforms to pay for your goods.\nSamcart does not offer this option. This may turn off potential clients from purchasing from your brand. Samcart Payment Options\nSamcart can be a great program for people who are willing to invest monthly in order to ensure they have the best program for their customers and users.\nIt allows for customization and configuration with minimal effort and requires no coding knowledge. Drag and drop to create your website.\nIt makes it easy to integrate with other affiliate marketing programs and your SEO needs. Through its dashboard, you can also get a quick overview about your analytics.\nSamcart is excellent for people new to online sales looking to get started fast. It allows you to care for customers and keeps them happy. Samcart is worth recommending.\nStill have questions when it comes to using Samcart for your website check-out? We have your back!\nSamcart: Can you make money?\nYes. Samcart provides you with the means to ensure that people browsing your site end up buying what they place in their cart. It allows you to calculate taxes as well as any other money add-ons and deductions.\nAlthough the platform does not pay you for it, Samcart can help you maximize your shopping cart conversions. This means that you can convert \u201cadd-to-carts\u201d to \u201cproduct bought.\u201d\nSamcart charges you a monthly fee for your usage and will not deduct from any purchases your customers make on your platform.\nWhy use shopping cart software when selling online?\nWhile you could start selling through social media using programs like Facebook Marketplace, these are made for personal, small-scale sales.\nTo be a serious retailer, your website must handle transactions and secure financial information.\nShopping cart software allows you to handle finances safely and give your customers a convenient way to view your catalog and make their picks.\nConclusion Samcart Payment Options\nOverall, the results, and glowing customer reviews, speak for themselves. Samcart is an essential tool for any business owner.\nWith its excellent and snappy customer service, intuitive and beginner-friendly interface, updates, reports, and user-oriented experience, you\u2019ll see profits rolling in no time.\nSamcart is the best shopping cart software for you. Sign up. Set up. Get your business started.", "What type of products does Freedom Living Devices provide to help people with limited strength and dexterity", "What are some of the key features that make Samcart appealing to potential users looking to start an online business", "What can be done to reduce fungus gnat populations in indoor and outdoor plants without harming the plants", "What are the nationalities of the students mentioned in the text segment", "are unworthy or unfit, it\u2019s that their bodies essentially don\u2019t have the correct supplements to keep up a solid conceptive framework.\nNormally, the answer for this kind of issue is eat sustenances which have what the body is inadequate in.\nIn any case, this arrangement may wind up bringing on weight issues, also that it\u2019ll take a considerable measure of time before you discover the sustenances which will really work for you.\nThe uplifting news is that there is a less difficult answer for the issue, and it lies in an all-regular equation controlled in a container, with the solution\u2019s name being vigrx where to buy online", "oint of the star. Move in any direction, jumping or zigzagging over pegs as long as each jump is along a line. Good old fashioned fun", "I spent quite a bit of time designing and redesigning my characters early on in the book. I made a big redesign some point in the middle of it, changing the main children characters to have more identifiable skills and becoming about 2 years older than they started out as.\nI had some plans and put in some thought on the kids\u2019 clothing design. I figured I would digitally map out textures to it so they do not look flat. I had some ideas in my head and I did quite a few schematics on them with different outfits. Problem was I never did color them in or finalize them. This is now taking my time-fine tuning their outfits. I do not plan on changing them much throughout every book in the series, but they will be wearing reasonably interesting and functional clothes and they will adapt to the scenario.\nI have stalled particularly with Sarah\u2019s outfit-as you can see\u2026\nRight now the gray/black is not working. Her blouse needs something creative and with a more lively color, or a cool pattern. I had to stop working on it", "What service does MatcHub-2B provide tailor-made for businesses", "What prompted the movement towards safer alternatives in pesticide use according to Rachel Carson's 'Silent Spring'", "How To Convert Video To DVD\nConverting Video To DVD\nSo you're thinking about how to convert video to DVD? I'm sure many of us have old movies laying around gathering dust that we don't watch anymore. It is so much easier to pop a DVD in a computer or player to conveniently watch those old movies.\nI know I have 8mm movies from my wedding and VHS tapes from my children growing up that I wanted have on a DVD for easy viewing. My kids used to and still do love to watch themselves as kids on the old VHS tapes. I thought to myself... what a great gift idea to have the old videos converted into a DVD format that is so popular today. Not only get you get more video on a DVD but it withstands the hands of time better. The old VHS tapes tend to get tangled and destroyed in the players but if you have a DVD copy it is more resilient to handling plus you can easily make copies.\nIt is not hard to do, simply follow one of the steps outlined before and you will have all your family memories on a DVD.\nWhy Convert Video To DVD?\nVHS players are still pretty common in the market now so you can more easily convert those VHS tapes to DVD without too much technical knowledge. The longer you wait to convert the harder and more expensive it will become.\nAdditionally time may cause the VHS tapes to lose their video quality and the tape may become brittle and easily break.\nWhy you are thinking about it you should make the effort to convert video to DVD. Get motivated to preserve those precious family memories.\nWays To Convert Video To DVD\n- Use A Combination DVD/VHS Player - If you have a combination DVD/VHS player you may be able to play the VHS tape while recording it with the DVD. Make sure the DVD player has a record option and follow the directions included in the manual. This is a simple way to convert video to DVD but always check the final product to make sure it has converted correctly. Using this method does not provide any options for adding or editing or final product so be aware if that is what you want to do.\n- Use A Video Camera - This method involved hooking up your VHS Player to the video camera. You need to use the red white and yellow composite cables. Connect them out from your VCR's video out port to the video in port on your camcorder. If your camcorder does not have a built in analog to digital feature you may need", "What is the objective of the classic wooden game mentioned in the text", "car market. VWE Automotive provides a service whereby the car dealer through email is advised which cars to take to the car market. This is a data science model that, based on sales of the past 2 years, can predict the probability of sales on the car market on the basis of a large number of automotive brands. The model is then applied to all active advertisements that are advertised via the VWE Automotive advertising manager. Only the cars that are most likely to be sold are advised.\nBy delivering the advice the knife cuts on all sides. The selling car dealer is quicker from his stock and the buying dealer can choose from an offer that better matches the wishes. As a result, more sales transactions are realized whereby VWE Automotive can take care of the entire export process.\nVWE Automotive is clearly aware of the potential business value that Data Science can bring. However, applying Data Science in an organization for the first time, can bring complications.\nInternal struggles of the company against the data science approach\nErwin Huijzer who is working as a Data Scientist at VWE Automotive says, \u201cLiterally and figuratively, data scientists speak a different language than the traditional IT department. The existing employees prefer to work with their usual tooling (e.g. C#) whereas data scientists rather work with Python or R. Besides, I use a different methodology and have a different process to create, test and deploy my models. Because data science is still new in our organization, there are no elaborated methods which we are ready to use. Starting data science, also means that you have to create a test environment, a security protocol and a new way of documentation.\nManaging expectations within any organization\nErwin further added: \u201cOne of the major misunderstandings regarding data science is that people expect it to be a magical tool that will quickly revolutionize any company. However, this is not the case which is why it\u2019s important to manage expectations in the organization. To manage the expectation a simple rule was used by VWE Automotive. This rule is\u201d:\nEfficiency = quality * acceptation\nA key thing to realize in this regard is the fact that a model that gives information with an 85% rate accuracy might be useful for one type of business and not feasible for another type. For example, if you want to know the chances of a car selling at any particular location, the model with 85% accuracy rate is sufficient. But for a new medical treatment, the 85% accuracy rate is not enough.\nWhenever any company is starting a data science project it is extremely important that they have a clear image of their expectations and what the demanded quality is.\n\u201cAnother thing that we should realize is that a data-driven model needs a different approach and way of work. Data scientists tend to isolate themselves and work towards improving the working and efficiency of their model. However, the problem arises when they continue to optimize the model because at a certain point they have to meet the deadline along with results. One of the best ways to manage expectations in any organization is to make sure that different departments working on the project are exchanging feedback on regular basis.\u201d\nAt last, making sure that your client will utilize the new model in their organization.\nOne of the main things to keep in mind if you want to make sure that the new model is being utilized is to make sure that it is being adopted. Most of the people are reluctant to change and improving your product doesn\u2019t necessarily mean that your clients will feel the improvement too. As they get new insights because of the improved system their role as a car dealership also changes. \u201cWe ask car dealers to pick up the telephone to call a hot lead, produced by a recommender system. Most car dealers haven\u2019t done calling before so it requires a new unusual process in their work. We try to help our customers to make that shift in their work.\u201d\nDoes this sounds like an organisation you would like to know more about, please take a look at https://werkenbijvwe.nl/ or contact Ewoud van Bennekom (mailto: Ewoud.email@example.com) or at +31 6 20605957.", "remes are advantageous for chytrid fungus, which grows and reproduces best at temperatures between 17 and 25 degrees Celsius (63 and 77 degrees Fahrenheit).\nThe new research suggests neither theory has it exactly right.\nFor example, Rohr explained that, although extinctions increased significantly in the 1980s, that period did not show smaller swings between average daily high and low temps that would theoretically produce more fungus growth.\nIn the 1990s, daily temperature swings were smaller, but amphibian extinctions declined during that period, the study concludes.\nRohr and colleagues conclude that an unknown mix of factors is likely endangering amphibians.\nSorting it all out remains a high priority\u2014and for many amphibians, time could be running out.\nSOURCES AND RELATED WEB SITE", "What temperature range is most favorable for the growth and reproduction of chytrid fungus", "Chinese Checkers Folding\nClassic wooden game that folds up for easy storage. Be the first player to get all 10 pegs to the opposite p", "What types of products does Access to Recreation offer services for", "You\u2019re probably surfing the internet at home and have stumbled across a shopping cart website. Or a site that allows you to purchase products from a catalog. Odds are, you already have.\nYou may have visited these sites and purchased enough products to consider selling your products on your own platform.\nWhat are you waiting for? Have you not found a product that you like making or selling? Are you concerned about the logistics involved in shipping out and stocking up? Is it the inability to make your website because of the know-how needed?\nSamcart can help with at least one of those problems. Let\u2019s go through this shopping cart software site and see if and how it can help you grow your online business.\nIf you prefer to see the product in action, Pro Preneur has a video review. To get a comprehensive overview of SamCart, you may still want to check out our article below.\nWhat is SamCart? Samcart Payment Options\nIt was founded by Scott and Brian Moran, entrepreneurs, visionaries, and upstart business owners.\nSamcart exploded in popularity in recent years because of its intuitive interface. You don\u2019t need to know how code works. Simply drag and drop from their 50 customization templates and head down the road to success.\nSamcart\u2019s ease-of-use platform has helped over 23,000 people sell more than $2 billion worth of goods, services, and products through its platform. The results speak for themselves.\nSamcart is a major advocate of its users, cutting out all the hassles and heartaches of setting up an online business. It streamlines many processes, making it easy to get your business started as soon as possible.\nIt allows them to track subscriptions, sales, and other details. It sends you the data and analytics you need to make adjustments efficiently. Samcart wants your business to thrive.\nImportance of Shopping Cart Software\nOne of the biggest wasted opportunities for small online business owners is losing out on users who place your items in their shopping cart and then refuse to push through when purchasing.\nThis happens for various reasons, but it\u2019s an even bigger waste if it happens because of a poor user interface.\nIf your website took too long to load or didn\u2019t have the payment option your client wanted, they can leave.\nThey can also leave if they found your site too amateurish and may have worried their product wouldn\u2019t reach them. If this happens, you may lose a potential customer.\nSamcart, a shopping cart software, is designed to improve the checkout experience. This means that customers are more likely to get their transactions done quickly and smoothly.\nSamcart helps you close the deal. It allows you to see how best to keep your customers coming back to your site and purchasing.\nWho can benefit from Samcart?\nSamcart works mostly with people from diverse backgrounds, who aren\u2019t fully immersed in online retail.\nThis course is designed to help you go from being a novice to a successful seller.\nSamcart doesn\u2019t require any coding knowledge making it easier for non-programmers. It teaches users as they use the program, so you don\u2019t even need to have retail experience to begin.\nTo put it simply, Samcart can turn anyone into a successful entrepreneur and online seller if you give it a chance.\nHere are some of the important features Samcart offers to its users. Samcart\u2019s user interface gives users these benefits.\nCustomer Training and Assistance\nSamcart comes with a lot of documentation that can be used to guide and train users. It also includes clear, simple-to-understand instructions. This allows users to learn as they use the program.\nAfter setting up and finding their ideal design, users continue to receive support in support live chats, emails and even a Facebook group to ask for help.\nVariety of Check-Out Designs\nSamcart offers 50 different Check-out design templates to help users make stand-out sites that are appealing and easy to navigate for customers. Samcart Payment Options\nIt\u2019s easy. Drag and drop the options to arrange your site as you like. You can have your site set up and ready to go in a matter of hours.\nThis program allows users live split testing on their checkout page. You can double your sales by calibrating your site to decrease your shopping cart desertion rate.\nHaving A/B testing is useful because it lets you know what does and doesn\u2019t work with your user interface. This allows you to make changes quickly and makes sure that people purchase what they want from your website.\nOrder Bumps and Upsells\nThe program understands how customers work in a way that helps you make the most out of your business. Samcart encourages customers to buy more by offering easy order bumps and upsells.\nOrder bumps are packages that enhance the user\u2019s experience with the product they already have. This would be similar to a matching bandana being added to a t-shirt, or fries and cheeseburger.\nUsers can get more value from their product by upselling. This is possible through an increase in product size or number.\nSamcart allows customers to get both at the touch of a button.\nSamcart offers users several modes of payment and tiers to improve user and customer experience.\nCustomers have three payment options after a 14-day free trial:\n$19 per month for the basic tier; $99 for pro tier; $199 for premium tier.\nStart low and then increase your checkout page when you have more customers.\nThe unique value proposition of Samcart is that it can turn one person into a whole business. Your web design doesn\u2019t have to be outsourced to a programmer. You can build your site yourself.\nThis gives you complete control and power over your business. You don\u2019t have to spend days learning how to code or studying to reap the benefits of a great website.\nLet\u2019s look at some of the advantages of the platform and explain why it\u2019s the", "MatcHub-2B is a customized lead-generation service.\nAs first step MatcHub defines an appropriate strategy for your sector and activity and secondly it generates and converts your online traffic in identified leads ready to buy your products or services. According to your specific sector and your set targets,", "his particular client has relaxed hair, so I decided highlights would work best for her. Highlights are a great way to add some color without damaging the hair too much. They are a better alternative than an all over color. I used honey colored highlights to brighten up her face and hairstyle. I also did the cut", "Toronto-based Horizons ETFs Management (Canada) Inc. announced Tuesday it will not be accepting any new subscriptions for units of BetaPro S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures Inverse ETF, which trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol HVI.\nHorizons does not expect the ETF to be able to meet its current stated investment objective after the close of trading today, the company says in a news release.\nAccordingly, it has suspended new subscriptions until further notice. Redemptions on the fund will continue to be accepted.\nAfter the close of trading today, Horizons anticipates the performance of the ETF will only correspond to approximately one-half times the inverse (opposite) multiple of the daily performance of the S&P 500 VIX short term futures index.\nPurchases of new units at the available offer price on the secondary market are not expected to be reflective of the underlying net asset value per unit, Horizons says, but it antici", "What are some limitations of Samcart mentioned in the text", "\"The major message is that we need to be careful.\"\nBut J. Alan Pounds, resident scientist at Costa Rica's Monteverde Cloud Forest Preserve and an author of previous research on the topic, maintains climate change is a key factor in the extinction crisis.\n\"There is a clear link between global warming and amphibian declines,\" he said, citing a growing body of evidence, including a recent study in Yellowstone National Park.\n\"The analysis by Rohr et al. is seriously flawed, as we will demonstrate in due course.\"\nSome scientists say the fungus is an invasive species, entering an ecosystem and wreaking havoc on species with no natural defenses.\nPounds and others believe that rising daytime and nocturnal temperatures are narrowing the gap between daily highs and lows.\nFewer temperature ext", "What are Kyle Lowry's current average points, assists, rebounds, and steals per game", "What are some benefits of changing your hair color", "pany. It has branches in world wide. The branches in Bangalore are at Bagmane Tech Park, Brigade Techpark, Belandur Village, Jayamma Nagappa, Sarjapur, Tech Park and Kamataka. The Intel Company develops Processors, Motherboards, Chipsets, Servers Components, Ethernet Products, Wireless, Consumer Electronics, Solid State Drives and many more. Intel also provides educational training to the students.\nContact Intel Bangalore ContactIntel Bangalore Contact resides at 6/2, 6/3, ITPL Main Road, BEML Layout, Brookefield Bangalore, KA, india provides here all the necessory details like helpDesk helpline numbers i.e. +91 80 4139 2000 by which customers can reach to Intel Bangalore Contact easily. Here on this page you can get customer service toll free helpline number of Intel Bangalore Contact.\nGo to Intel Bangalore Contact website that is www.intel.com and get more information from there.\nPost Your Problem and Suggestion", "We are honoured that so many wonderful students, like Van from Vietnam and Carlos from Venezuela, study with us at GV Calgary. We are thrilled that they are achieving great success in their further studies in Calgary.\nCarlos recently dropped by", "A great way to spice of your hairstyle is with color! A change of color can do wonders. It can brighten up your face, make you appear younger, or just spice up your appearance. Like any other chemicals, you have to take the necessary steps in order to keep your hair healthy and to keep your hair color vibrant. T", "pates that the secondary market will continue to provide unitholders with a forum to sell units at a price reflective of the net asset value per unit.\nThe fund\u2019s units are expected to trade at a substantial premium to their net asset value while subscriptions of new units are suspended, Horizons stresses. As a result, the company strongly discourages investors from purchasing new units at this time.\nHorizons plans to call a special meeting of unitholders to amend the fund\u2019s investment objectives.\nThe company anticipates that the investment objective would change from seeking to correspond to one times the inverse (opposite) multiple of the daily performance of the S&P 500 VIX short term futures index to seeking to correspond to one-half times the inverse (opposite) multiple of the daily performance of the index.\nUpdate: Horizons resumed the acceptance of new subscriptions of units of BetaPro S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures Inverse ETF on March 14.", "The legs comprise dozens of different muscles, but are generally divided into four main muscle groups: quadriceps of the front thigh, adductors of the inner thigh, hamstrings of the back thigh, and triceps surae of the posterior lower leg. These are the largest and most evident muscle groups of the legs, and women should focus on working these muscle groups if the goal is to get more muscular legs. For each exercise, you should perform three to five sets of 10 to 12 repetitions, and take a two-minute rest between each set to allow your muscles to recover.\nItems you will need\n- Weight plate\nDumbbell Wide-Stance Squat\nGrasp a dumbbell in each hand. Position the dumbbells by your sides with your arms straight, and stand with your body upright and your feet positioned in a wide stance on the ground.\nBend your hips and knees to lower your body until your thighs are parallel the ground. Make sure to keep your back straight throughout the motion.\nStraighten your hips and knees out to raise your body up to the initial point. Keep your back straight during the movement.\nBarbell Good Morning\nHold the barbell over your upper back with your arms bent, and stand with your body upright and feet separated at a dist", "How did the author's feelings towards attending church change after coming out as bisexual", "What event did Horizons plan regarding the fund's investment objectives", "What platforms can MatcHub-2B be developed on, and what benefits does it provide for sales teams and brand awareness", "What does J. Alan Pounds believe is a key factor in the extinction crisis", "What is the first step in the research design of Task 5.4 that aims to improve market and policy incentives supporting Agro-ecological Farming Systems", "What are some examples of hazardous materials that are banned from disposal in a dumpster in Sayreville, NJ", "What recognition did Van recently receive at the GV Calgary Graduation", "against the indiscriminate use of pesticides.\nTrue stories of love and sacrifice essays ancient essay mariner rime barnard admissions essays for mba le verbe essayer \u0433 l'imparfait de l'indicatif do research papers. Free essay: biography of rachel carson rachel carson is considered one of the book focussed on the uncontrolled and often indiscriminate use of pesticides.\nWith 20 years\u2019 experience and a global network of project partners, we work with our clients to deliver high quality solutions that ensure immediate, positive impact on the world\u2019s natural capital. They'll be writing an essay later about local government using their notes of tonight's meeting kean university essay requirements looping essay research papers on educational issues in the united essay about leadership characteristics list what is methodology for research paper essay on museum our heritage house admission. Give an example to illustrate the indiscriminate use of pesticides may result in degradation of the environment.\nThe unsafe and indiscriminate use of pesticides in agriculture represents a major hazard to the environment and human health the aim of this study was to assess the levels of knowledge, attitude and practices of kuwaiti farmers regarding the safe use of pesticides.\nIasb vs fasb essay writing indiscriminate use of pesticides essay brave new world persuasive essay essay writing teens mississippi. Let us write you a custom essay sample on rachel carson and the fight against indiscriminate pesticide use. We will write a cheap essay sample on soil pollution specifically for you for only $1290/page order now \u2022 indiscriminate use of pesticides. Indiscriminate use of fertilizers and pesticides essay alcohol and drunk driving essay introduction, to this day shane koyczan essay writing @madisonengland happy.\nIndiscriminate use of pesticides essay panama canal essay pesticides have been linked to a myriad of diseases the pesticides literature review. Indiscriminate use of pesticides essays fibrodysplasia ossificans progressive historical perspective essay what are some good words to use in an essay. Made good dissertation progress today - off to see woman in black now @jackstorry and @urlefthandwoman whimped out effektiver jahreszins beispiel essay skriv et essay om computerspil og dannelsesentalpi idaho bar association admissions essay essay on history of olympics locations good essay linking words ehtram e insaniyat essays. Contents: essay on the definition of soil pollution essay on the causes essay on soil pollution: definition, causes and indiscriminate use of pesticides. #senior#stress essays in self-criticism pdf brave new world research paper xplosion le dereglement du monde maalouf critique essay indiscriminate use of pesticides essays a", "What were the main reasons for the decline of the UNC football program after Mack Brown left in 1997", "What are the reasons suggested for converting VHS tapes to DVD", "ATLANTIC CITY (Apr. 16)\nPresident Eisenhower today lauded the activities of the Jewish Labor Committee in a message sent to the organization on the occasion of its three-day national convention which opens here tomorrow at the Hotel President.\n\u201cOn this 300th anniversary of the first Jewish settlement in America, the dedicated work of the Jewish Labor Committee assumes special dignity and meaning,\u201d President Eisenhower said in his message. \u201cYou notably helped to arouse the conscience of the free world to the recent terrible evidences of anti-Semitism in Eastern Europe. We must be forever vigilant against the resurgence of any such evil. The indignation with which all free men have condemned such persecution is matched by the sympathy which they extend to", "table and safe home environment for people of all ages - 888-940-0605.\nFiberglass Systems Inc. - Bath units for people with all abilities. - 800-727-9907.\nFlaghouse - 800-793-7900.\nFlip Lacer - The belt buckle for shoelaces allows for easy tying! - (510) 797 6596\nFreedom Living Devices - Provides products that enable people with limited or diminished strength and dexterity the ability to perform normal daily activities and routines independently, and to provide quality products for physical therapy and rehabilitation. - 1 (866) 699-9300.\nHelp Mates - Offers a variety of assisted living products.- 1-888-771-0977.\nHy-Gina Care - Portable personal showering for the disabled. - 1-877-859-4397.\nIndependent Living Products - Resource for assistive devices that can help people maintain their independence. - 1-800-377-8033.\nLife Span Furnishings, LLC - Furnishings for people of all ages and abilities.- 800 741-9912.\nNorth Coast Medical - Supplier of products that help people perform daily activities at home and in the workplace. - 1-800-235-7054.\nOxo Good Grips - Provides innovative consumer products that make everyday living easier. - (212) 242-3333.\nPride Mobility Products - Designer and manufacturer of power wheelchairs, electric scooters and lift chairs. - 1-800-800-8586.\nRist-Well - The hands-free beverage dispenser has uses in the sports, medical and professional arenas. 1-877-374-6595.\nSammons Preston - Provides assisted living and developmental products for individuals. -\nStanders - Products include bed and couch canes, car and bed caddies. - 800-506-9901.\nStep-Flow - Manufactures foot-operated sink valve that turns water on with the touch of your foot, it can be locked for continuous flow or remain at on/off usage. - (888) 783-7356.\nSureHands - Products that assist in independent living. - (800) 724-5305.\nWingIts - Products allows installation in walls without blocking. - 877-894-6448.\nVan-Duerr Industries Manufacturer and distributor of products designed to assist those with access barriers. - 30) 893-1596.\nVanguard - ADA Systems of America offers detectable warnings such as guide strips. -", "Bollywoodfilma is a site where you can watch all your favorite Bollywood movies online. Its interface is quite simple and you can easily search for the desired movie. The site has recently started but has a huge following already and is regularly updating the content.\nBollywoodfilma have a long history, dating back to the early 1900s when India was under British rule. During this time, Indians used cinema to express their nationalistic pride and feelings. They often incorporated themes of love, family and country into their movies and embraced the use of song-and-dance sequences in order to bring audiences together.\nThe Bollywood film industry has grown from a small industry in the 1930s to one of the largest in the world and generates over $2 billion annually. Bollywood films are a significant part of India\u2019s cultural identity and are also increasingly recognized in the West.\nThey are a form of soft power for India, increasing its influence and changing the perceptions of Indians overseas. They have also been a major contributor to India\u2019s economic growth and helped build its reputation as an advanced industrial nation.\nThese films are primarily a mix of romance, action, comedy and drama. They usually include a melodramatic plot with star-crossed lovers, angry parents, kind-hearted courtesans, sacrifice, political corruption, kidnapping, reversals of fortune and serendipity.\nA Bollywood film is typically three hours long with an intermission. This length makes it suitable for Indians who expect value for their money, and a good film is known as paisa vasool (literal", "I have to force myself to go to church.\nSaturday mornings, when Seventh-day Adventist like me observe Sabbath, I lay in bed extra-long. Sometimes, I roll over and shut my eyes delaying when i finally rise for church. Other times, I have to physically force myself to get up and prepare both mentally and physically, to go.\nIt didn\u2019t use to be this way. I remember waking up extra early as a pre-teen when i was excited to go to church. More than likely, I would be singing at both services, either in a choir or in special music. I would stay long hours after the service for evening vespers.\nThat all changed when I came out as bisexual. I no longer felt welcome at worship.\nIt wasn\u2019t that I was explicitly told to stay away. Yes, some individual church members expressed their disappointment in my coming out (as if it were anything that they had to approve or disapprove of). But mostly, it was the small things that clearly signaled I would never be an accepted member of the church.\nI don\u2019t think many straight Christians understand that it only takes the one sermon condemning homosexuality for LGBT people to know they\u2019re not wanted.\nIf the only time you mention the LGBT community is in condemnation, how are we supposed to believe you love us?\nIt is possible to preach a traditional stance on homosexuality and still come off as welcoming and loving. I\u2019ve seen it happen. It\u2019s just incredibly rare.\nMore often than not, the sermons preached from pulpits from traditional denominations are condemning. The sermons are preached as if LGBT people don\u2019t exist, as if we\u2019re just theoretical ideas, as if we weren\u2019t sitting in the pews. The sermon will call sex between people of the same gender an abomination and that\u2019ll be the extent of it.\nJust gay sex. There\u2019s no talk of how the church is", "What changes did the author make to the main child characters during the book", "Well, well, well. This little girl Tiffany was just caught red-handed stealing a donut from that \"donut thing.\" Not to worry though\u2014she has a perfect alibi. And that is that", "What organization provided the plan mentioned in the text segment", "Dumpster Rental in Sayreville, NJ\nSayreville, NJ residents complete several jobs that create large amounts of debris. Many residents call Deliver My Dumpster to reserve a roll-away dumpster to handle their debris disposal. Renting a container from us means a smoother project for you. We will collect the loaded container and discard it in accordance with Sayreville guidelines without interrupting your schedule. If you require more info on booking a unit or have an interest in finding out a little more about the options currently available you can dial 888-264-6660\nto speak with a representative.\nYou\u2019ll find a wide selection of dumpster rentals\nthroughout Sayreville, NJ, so just how do you know that Deliver My Dumpster is the best provider to consider? If you choose Deliver My Dumpster, you can relax knowing that all local statutes will be obeyed and you won\u2019t be stuck with any fines for inappropriate placement or unpermitted waste. Our Sayreville customers likewise appreciate our dedication to providing super fast, quality service. Assuming that the trash dumpsters\nyou\u2019ll need is available, we\u2019ll have it to you the same day if you require it promptly.\nPrice for Service\nDeliver My Dumpster offers Sayreville residents a simple rental package that will cover most aspects of a typical project.\n- Moving the container\n- A rental time that fits your needs\n- Many dimensions at specific price points\n- There will probably be extra charges if the unit is needed for additional time or if the rental conditions are not met\nThere are several New Jersey laws that control how a roll off dumpster\nis utilized. There are also Deliver My Dumpster procedures and standards which you will want to pay attention to. Charges, fines, and additional charges could be incurred if these rules are broken.\nAs long as you take the time to understand New Jersey waste restrictions you will have little difficulties using your dumpster rental companies\n- Consult with Sayreville government to find out if you\u2019ll need a permit\n- Don\u2019t set your unit close to power lines or other possible threats\n- Do not overfill the dumpster where garbage could spill out\n- You may not be able to throw out all kinds of debris in your unit\nIt\u2019s very possible that you will need a permit to set dumpsters\non your Sayreville residence. For additional details on acquiring permits, get in touch with Deliver My Dumpster. We have all the information you\u2019ll need to successfully rent a dumpster.\nWhen you are prepared to make a dumpster rental in Sayreville, contact Deliver My Dumpster at 888-264-6660\nto get every piece of information you will need to proceed.\nMaterials That Are Not Allowed to be Thrown in a Dumpster.\nRenting a dumpster in Sayreville comes with a certain amount of accountability. Numerous materials commonly linked with construction jobs are not allowed to be thrown in a dumpster. Sayreville has detailed guidelines regarding unsafe items, to be sure they are disposed of safely. Deliver my Dumpster at 888-264-6660\ncan furnish you with all the guidelines regarding the rules pertaining to what is pe", "What is the primary objective of mobile marketing according to the text", "What challenges does VWE Automotive face when integrating data science into their organization", "Introduced in 1997, Enhanced Recovery After Surgery (ERAS) is a care model that aims to improve patient results after surgery. ERAS techniques focus on:\nReducing length of stay\nReducing the complication rate\nEncouraging earlier recovery\nToday, ERAS protocols and guidelines are published by the ERAS Society and cover a wide range of surgeries, including colorectal, breast reconstruction, bariatric, liver, pancreatic, and more. ERAS protocols are evidence based and incorporate recommendations from gold-standard studies on factors like anesthesia, pain control, post-operative nutrition, and many other elements that influence how a patient fares after a complex surgery. A growing body of research is validating this approach, showing that trained, multi-disciplinary teams following an ERAS protocol can have a significant impact on patient recovery and well-being.\nWhile most ERAS recommendations are focused on the core medical team, very few studies have looked at it from the patient\u2019s perspective. This needs to be an important part of the conversation\u2014patient education and adherence is fundamental to most ERAS models. One study identified 22 elements that support success with ERAS\u2014including several, like carb loading before admission, that rely on the patients themselves.\nIn 2017, a group of researchers from Canada published the first review of patient expectations with ERAS. They found that patients supported ERAS but had a few requests:\nThat protocols are fully explained before the surgery and while in the hospital. Patients wanted to understand why their care providers were doing things like removing drains at certain times, recommending certain diets, and discharging them at a particular time.\nThat more attention is paid to the presurgical phase, so patients are better prepared emotionally and psychologically as well as physically.\nThat ERAS guidelines are extended to the post-surgery recovery at home, so patients have a better understanding exactly how they can support their own recovery.\nAnd finally, wherever possible hospitals should establish peer support programs so patients can have access to people who have already had successful outcomes with ERAS.\nThe central theme is that", "because it was driving me crazy and just eating away at my productivity.\nThis is only one outfit in the story in this book and happens before the big storm. The rest of the book has her wearing a jacket and jeans.\nThe outfit needs to look interesting to kids, kind of fashionable that they would be interesting to see on the street also, but not look like it was a magazine photoshoot. Definitely not. Color was never one of my creative points. I can easily identify the problem, but cannot as easily make good combinations.\nI stopped working on it a day ago, realizing how I was spending too much of my time trying to design it when I was supposed to be in production mode. So my solution to this problem: sleep on it and in the next days to follow read up on kids fashion, research textures and patterns-particulary at any downtime I find. For the time being I can keep working on production, but skip finalizing Sarah\u2019s outfit until I find some solution to it. I will post the final version later to show progress on this", "she did everything right, and she was in time-out, and it was Daddy who took it out, and then (her brother) Miles took it out, and she was doing nothing.\nI think she sold it.", "What is the correct stance and technique for the standing dumbbell one-legged calf raise", "What type of highlights did the stylist use for the client's hair", "e Choo-Choo Justice ran wild in the late 1940\u2019s. So expectations are lower and losses are easier to get over in football.\nBut that doesn\u2019t mean Tar Heel fans don\u2019t want to win as much in football, and we have had so-called big-time teams before \u2013 from Bill Dooley in the \u201870s, to Dick Crum in the \u201880s and Mack Brown in the \u201890s. The story hasn\u2019t been so pretty since Brown left in 1997, but that\u2019s because we made some god-awful decisions and managed them poorly, sort of like what happened in the ill-fated Matt Doherty years, which were rectified by the return of Roy Williams.\nI wasn\u2019t a close friend of Mack Brown\u2019s, but was close enough to have introduced him to his second wife, Sally, then a successful real estate developer in Chapel Hill. I know he did not want to leave UNC when Texas began throwing steer-troughs of money his way. We had just opened the Kenan Football Center and Brown had yet to move into his office. Sally was making a ton developing high-end neighborhoods in Chapel Hill.\nBrown said to Athletic Director Dick Baddour, \u201cIf you want football to be as big as basketball, I want to make what (basketball coach) Bill Guthridge makes, and I don\u2019t even know what he makes.\u201d According to Brown, Baddour said that was impossible, that it would bankrupt the athletic department and that football will never be as big as basketball at UNC.\u201d Even if you believe that, you don\u2019t say that, especially to a football coach you are trying to keep.\nThe loss of Brown was the first of about a dozen major personnel blunders committed by Baddour, who eventually at the direction of Chancellor Michael Hooker offered Brown what he wanted. But, by then, Brown had accepted the Texas job, where today he is among the highest paid coaches in the history of college athletics.\nBrown left a top-ten program in the hands of career assistant Carl Torbush, followed by loyal UNC alum John Bunting, both of whom for different reasons killed Carolina\u2019s recruiting momentum. Brown\u2019s NFL talent-laden Tar Heels turned into ACC middleweights that earned an occasional minor bowl bid. Even Butch Davis, with all the money and facilities he commanded, could not get to more than the Music City Bowl and left Carolina 0-4 versus N.C. State. Those relative failures make many UNC fans turn to basketball before they really want to.\nI sat in Baddour\u2019s office after Davis was hired, supposedly to explain why I had told someone that the Board of Trustees and not the athletic director had found our latest coach. This was after Trustee Paul Fulton was strutting around the Bobcats Arena one night, accepting handshakes and homage like Vito Corleone, saying it was a \u201cteam effort\u201d to reel in Davis.\nI asked Baddour if he was heartbroken over what had happened to Carolina football since Brown left, as I was, and said I did not care who hired Davis and was just glad he was here. Baddour leaned forward and said, \u201cI hired Butch Davis.\u201d\n\u201cGreat, congrats, now let\u2019s win some football games,\u201d I responded. We shook hands and parted pleasantly.\nBut, of course, it did not go as any of us had hoped or, frankly, expected. Davis lost a lot of equity with Carolina fans when his new agent, Jimmy Sexton, wrangled a $291,000 raise and contract extension out of Baddour after going 4-8 his first season. Highly ranked recruiting classes did not produce highly ranked teams, rather disappointing fourth-quarter finishes in too many games and, eventually, the scandal we are all living through today.\nThere are no Basketball-first fans at Carolina, as far as I can tell. I have written five basketball books because, thankfully, someone wanted to buy them. If there were a market for UNC football books, experts like Lee Pace would have written several by now. Ironically, there finally may be some interest in one, but that\u2019s because people would want to know exactly what has happened over the last 15 years. And it would not be a pleasant story.\nMaybe such a book will have a happy ending. All Carolina fans, from what I can tell, would welcome that.\nDon\u2019t you agree", "What role do CAP Pillar II instruments play in encouraging the agro-ecological transition according to the text", "patients want to be active partners in their surgeries and have a good understanding of what ERAS means and how it will improve their experience. They wanted to \u201ctake responsibility\u201d for their own health.\nThe only way to really accomplish this is through close communication with patients and by offering education they can understand and act on. This means offering education protocols that first explain what ERAS is and why patients should invest in it, then tailoring education plans to track through the process. Our Recommended Learning, which features sequenced structured learning modules, makes it easy to configure patient education into playlists that match ERAS protocols. Examples of patient education that support ERAS protocols would be:\nStress reduction before surgery\nInformation about the specific procedure\nPain control (understanding best practices and reduced anesthesia)\nNutrition before, during, and after hospitalization\nHome help and therapy\nCurrently, ERAS is more common overseas than in the United States, but there is strong interest in bringing ERAS protocols to more surgical hospitals here. Including a strong patient education component with any ERAS program can help improve outcomes and make ERAS more effective, while also improving patient satisfaction.\nGillis C, Gill M, Marlett N, et al. Patients as partners in Enhanced Recovery After Surgery: A qualitative patient-led study. BMJ Open. 2017;7(6):e017002. Published 2017 Jun 24. doi:10.1136/bmjopen-2017-017002\nTaurchini M, Del Naja C, Tancredi A. Enhanced Recovery After Surgery: a patient centered process. J Vis Surg. 2018;4:40. Published 2018 Feb 27. doi:10.21037/jovs.2018.01.20\nNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.\nAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website", "The Importance Of Proper Timing With Mobile Marketing\nMobile marketing is in fact kind of exciting to deal with once you have reasonable expectations of the items mobile devices can perform to promote your organization. Done successfully, mobile marketing is a great approach to promote an enterprise. Check out the tips on this page to ensure ensuring your success.\nWhen using mobile marketing remember that the objective is to show your clients the main benefit of making use of your services or goods russell brunsons click funnels You need to know their desires and targets so that you can market them correctly. If you\u2019re experiencing difficulity determining what your customer wants, this could cause both of you being confused. Make an attempt to get the maximum amount of information out of your customers, so that you understand them which will result in success.\nIt is important to get right to the point with your mobile marketing efforts. Make your offers brief and easy to comprehend. Make certain they know your message and might absorb it, as fast as possible!\nSpending money to generate a successful mobile website is definitely worth the investment, as it will optimize your site for a variety of cellular devices. Creating a beautiful and appealing mobile site can be incredibly difficult. For best results, it is recommended to outsource this to a person who seems to be qualified to accomplish it.\nWatch competition to view what techniques they normally use for mobile marketing to have an edge to them. You have to be unique through your competitors.\nIf you are attempting to get through to a consumer on the telephone or by text message, remember that there\u2019s a person on the other end of that particular phone. It\u2019s under", "u can block or delete them by changing your browser settings, some\nfunctionality such as being able to log in to the website will not work if you do this.\nThe necessary cookies set on this website are as follows:\nA 'sessionid' token is required for logging in to the website and a 'crfstoken' token is\nused to prevent cross site request forgery. An 'alertDismissed' token is used to prevent\ncertain alerts from re-appearing if they have been dismissed.\nto improve the website performance by capturing information such as browser and device\ntypes. The data from this cookie is anonymised.\nCookies are used to help distinguish between humans and bots on contact forms on this\nA cookie is used to store your cookie preferences for this website.\nCookies that are not necessary to make the website work, but which enable additional\nfunctionality, can also be set. By default these cookies are disabled, but you can choose to\nenable them below:", "Find Official Address of Intel Bangalore Contact:\nSend your email to Intel Bangalore Contact at the above address or you can personally visit the place on the given address.\nThe Email Address to Send Email to Intel Bangalore Contact:\nCommunicate with Intel Bangalore Contact through the email address displayed above for any query, help, suggestion and feedback.\nCall Intel Bangalore Contact on the Helpline Number: +91 80 4139 2000 (Call by Touch)\nPick up your phone and call Intel Bangalore Contact on the specified contact number.Let Us Know HERE\nif the provided contact numbers, email address or website of Intel Bangalore Contact\nKnow More from their Website:\nOpen www.intel.com website and get all required information from there.\nAre You Satisfied After Making Call To Intel Bangalore Contact?\nWhat is Intel Bangalore Contact?\nThe Intel starts in 1968 and develops its first microprocessor in 1971 it is an USA based com", "What are some methods for converting VHS video to DVD mentioned in the text", "What is the simpler solution mentioned in the text for dealing with reproductive system deficiencies", "What are some considerations mentioned for effectively implementing SMS messaging in a mobile marketing strategy", "ly \u201cmoney\u2019s worth\u201d).\nHindi films are generally filmed in Mumbai, the capital of Maharashtra. However, some bollywood films are also made in other parts of India and abroad, such as in South Africa.\nMusic plays a major role in Bollywood films, and a number of playback singers are well-known. These include Lata Mangeshkar, Asha Bhosle, Geeta Dutt, Shamshad Begum, Kavita Krishnamurthy and Sadhana Sargam. Other well-known music directors are Mukesh, Mohammed Rafi and Sonu Nigam.\nIn addition to the songs, Bollywood films may also feature other musical elements such as dance routines and choreography. Many of these musical numbers take up more than half of the running time of a film Sabwishes.\nThe use of music has become a hallmark of the Bollywood film industry and is considered to be a critical aspect of its success. It is a unique way to communicate with audiences and has an important place in Indian culture Celebshaunt.\nTraditionally, the sound in Bollywood films was not recorded on location but was created in the studio, often with actors speaking their lines and sound effects added later. This created synchronisation problems and resulted in the need for dubbing.\nOver the past few years, Bollywood has undergone a major transformation in style and technology. It is now a genre that is more sophisticated and incorporates more special effects than ever before.\nSome Bollywood films feature modern music and rap, as well as traditional Indian folk songs. Some songs in Bollywood films have been reworked to fit contemporary rhythms and are available as remixes Equalaffection"]}