{"q_indices": [64, 85, 55, 9, 88, 31, 110, 25, 0, 49, 109, 102, 84, 36, 95, 127, 43, 112, 107, 33, 24, 81, 114, 89, 47, 45, 87, 5, 79, 125, 52, 41, 62, 10, 4, 118, 6, 46, 39, 80, 53, 124, 67, 113, 19, 3, 27, 11, 77, 106, 72, 70, 73, 42, 14, 115, 82, 56, 68, 92, 58, 90, 32, 97], "a_indices": [83, 116, 96, 86, 26, 69, 51, 65, 61, 105, 38, 8, 94, 63, 40, 18, 13, 100, 93, 103, 111, 21, 120, 20, 99, 17, 126, 34, 48, 122, 44, 16, 101, 29, 104, 23, 66, 78, 7, 57, 121, 28, 108, 22, 75, 117, 71, 35, 1, 91, 30, 123, 60, 98, 59, 54, 119, 50, 37, 15, 2, 74, 12, 76], "texts": ["Is it possible to have more than one best friend", "A benefit of membership at Merritt is that all first-time guests are free. If you would like to bring a guest please complete the form on this page.\n- You may bring your guest to the club with you 8:00 AM to 9", "Automate and streamline your quality management process. Improve quality and reduce waste, returns and customer complaints. Eliminate paperwork and paper-dependent processes required to define test requirements and record results.\nManage quality test requirements and results locally, regionally or corporate-wide.\nDefine quality test requirements electronically for specific plants, plants within a specific region or your entire corporation. Establish tests for specific jobs, customers, specifications, board-types, paper, or other manufacturing characteristics.\nGive your most important quality inspector\u2014 the machine operator\u2014 the right tools.\nEnsure test requirements are met by prompting operators on the factory floor to perform required tests at the appropriate time or interval. Collect results in real time on the floor or in the lab. Eliminate the need for operators to manually record results on paper and submit at shift end. The time and resource required to manually enter test results into a spreadsheet, database or external system as well as the effort to collect, file and store results on paper can also be eliminated.\nAlert management automatically when quality problems persist.\nQMS can be configured to notify or alert quality managers or other staff within your organization via text message or email when specified quality tests fail.\nEnsure compliance and customer satisfaction.\nImprove internal complianc", "What is the author's stance on the use of models and evidence in macroeconomic discussions", "What are some of the new features included in the LumenRT 2015.5 update", "What are the main components of a solar water heater", "What does the author believe is important for young women to be aware of regarding abortion", "If you think about the body's functional range of movement there are many Yoga postures that would not fall into this category.fitflop pewter chada 2016 Her boyfriend was rock hard when he saw Melissa having sex with another guy, and one of the babes from the party really liked his hard big cock, so she pushed him on the couch and after giving him an amazing blowjob, she sat on his lap to ride his big dick. Over the past few years\u2026 Celts: Art and IdentityA major exhibition reviewing what we know about the different people who, over the centuries, have\u2026 Play and DisplayCreate a Lego model to be put on show for a day.\nViscom Italia 2016 communication at first sight 25 Feb 2016 16:30 The most anticipated trade show by visual communication professionals is back from 13 15 October 2016 at Fiera", "tate\u2019s medical malpractice laws. In our book Healthy Competition, Mike Tanner and I suggest another: Let patients, doctors, hospitals, and insurers agree up front on the level of malpractice protection that patients receive.\nYou like caps on non-economic damages? Sign yourself right up. You want more malpractice protection than that? It might cost you more, but the choice is yours. The contracts that providers are willing to write could even tell patients something about the quality of care.\nPatients can already choose a different level of malpractice protection by traveling out-of-state or out-of-country for treatment. Why not let them do so without leaving home", "What issue inspired a father to create a music video, and what do police officials say about that video", "What new feature has TDOT added to the SmartWay web interface", "What types of bags are mentioned in the text segment that can be co-branded with a company logo", "I\u2019ve been noticing my wardrobe shifting to neutral shades of black, gray and beige over the years. While these non-colours are good to have in our collection, we should be careful not to let our wardrobes go bland and dull. Apparently, older women have a lot of neutrals and that can get boring and predictable.\nTime to turn on the brights: wild and flashy! I\u2019ve started buying more colourful clothes again and even colours I\u2019ve never worn before. I wear fuchsia, purple, turquoise, bright yellow, orange or a mixture of vivid colours. I bought these leggings recently for $5. and this photo was taken today by one of my dance students. My turquoise Covered Perfectly top is a great match.\nI still tend to wear a lot of neutrals, even though I love colours. Pops of colour is a great way to brighten things up.\nThere are several easy, fun ways to add colour: bold and bright ne", "Last week we hosted a Mexican Fiesta Night for a handful of friends. We all had so much fun building our own tacos that we couldn\u2019t help but share with you how easy it was.\nPersonally, I\u2019m more than happy to do a little prep work when having people round for dinner.But only if it means I don\u2019t have to be in the kitchen much when our friends are there. Build your own tacos was a perfect idea as there was very little to do when everyone had arrived. It was simply a case of getting the various dishes out of the fridge and heating up the slow cooked meats for 30 minutes or so.\nSome of our friends are fussier eaters than us so creating a build your own, family style meal worked best. It enabled everyone to pick out the elements they liked. We just passed dishes around until everyone had a full belly and empty plates.\nHere\u2019s what you\u2019ll need for our Build Your Own Tacos:\n- Hard or soft tacos \u2013 we used a mixture of both\n- Meaty fillings, we used:\n- Various Salsas\n- Pineapple salsa -recipe below\n- Pico De Gallo -recipe below\n- Shredded Lettuce\n- Quick Pickled Red Onion- Recipe Below\n- Grated Cheddar\n- Sour Cream\nSimply choose from the list above or switch things up! You could go for completely veggie fillings, or use fish instead of beef. Why not try adding a coriander and lime slaw? It\u2019s really easy to switch out elements of this and customise it to make it your own.\nFor the P", "Who opened the festivities at the 2011 Fiddle Contest", "f corruption and cover-up -- has much greater implications for Arpaio's legacy.\nGet the ICYMI: Today's Top Stories Newsletter Our daily newsletter delivers quick clicks to keep you in the know\nCatch up on the day's news and stay informed with our daily digest of the most popular news, music, food and arts stories in Phoenix, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday.", "ian, Russian shaggy dogs, FOT5k, 100 to 1, the HI limited edition sneakers, important breaking flag news, and plane crash corner.\nShow Notes[edit | edit source]\nReferences[edit | edit source]\n- \"H.I. #79: From Russia with Love\". Hello Internet. Hello Internet. Retrieved 12 October 2017.", "transporter.\nWhen you change your resident from one town to another, you vehicles need to be moved too. You might be moving because you have received a drastic job transfer. In this case you will need car transporters. You will need such companies when the transportation will take you so many hours before you arrive in the new location. When you decide to move the car on your own you will not to fuel it for that long and it might get a lot of scratches on the way especially if the distance is very long. A professional car transporter will solve two problems at ago. When the company is transporting the car; you can get another form of transportation. It also gives the car owner peace of mind knowing that his car is in the best hands.\nThis industry has advanced a lot in terms of technology. Most of the car carriers are installed satellite tracking. Tracking services are usually for monitoring the carrier as it ships the cars. One reason that makes car shipping popular is the ability of the carrier to move more than one car at ago. If you are considering the services of a car transporter, you should get quotes from different service providers. It is also very important that you consider the time that will be taken before the car reaches its destination", "y Services\n- Wallpaper and installation\n- Residential and commercial window treatments\nWindow Treatment and Upholstery Services in the Greater Denver CO Area\nContact Us today to get started or for more information on our custom products and services.\nWe are in your Neighborhood\nOur window treatment and home decor showroom is in Centennial CO, but we also provide free in-home appointments throughout the greater Denver area including Highlands Ranch, Castle Rock, Littleton, Greenwood Village, Cherry Hills Village, Lone Tree, Castle Pines, Cherry Hills Farms, and surrounding areas.", "What is the author's opinion of Krugman's analysis of the relationship between government spending and real GDP", "well, need work on, learned.\nReflection: What did looking back on your ARTWORK do to help you understand your activity as an artist? Skills? Process? Anything else? Use the ART TERMS you know.\nAP Studio Art: Work Of Art!\n- 1.2Ad: Choose from a range of materials and methods of traditional and contemporary artistic practices, following or breaking established conventions, to plan the making of multiple works of art and design based on a theme, idea, or concept.\n- What has been successful for your outdoor work? What has FAILED you? Where do you need to go from here?\nReflection: With this OUT OF THE BOX (out of the doors) assignment\u2026 What struggles are you facing? Where are you falling in the snow? What are your challenges?\n- 1.1 Ad: Visualize and hypothesize to generate plans for ideas and directions for creating art and design that can affect social change.\n- What skills do you feel you are using that you came to class with \u2013 skills you rely on ALWAYS as you move into this drawing?\nReflection: What has been your most successful are of this drawing today? Any NEW techniques, approaches, ideas you have learned with this", "uppressant supplements, we used the following ranking factors Appetite is a subjective thing Some people feel hungry all day long Others only feel mild hunger We tested the topranked formulas on our list to rank appetite suppressant supplements and considered reviews.\nhope so! You sighed and said with a bit of frustration, he had made a package in front of She, and things Eetless appetite suppressant so he Alfalfa appetite suppressant and lost his previous interest After drinking a while, he sat down Sulking Eetless appetite suppressant.\nCrave Diet Pill\nComing under an old locust tree, Hiit workouts good for weight loss made a cross in front of him, walked out of the provincial party committee compound, walked a dozen meters and stopped a car on the side of the road The top rated appetite suppressant 2019 and began to understand Eetless appetite suppressant.The time of resurrection is uncertain, resurrection within Celexa appetite suppressant baby of Feilong The period is ten years, the growth period is thirty years, and then there are sixty years of maturity it will have a long lifespan Lei looked at The man and said.\nNew Prescription Appetite Suppressant 2021?\nLet's do it! He said indifferently, I don't want me to do it in the end, understand! Little Ancestor, we must do our best! A group of Fire Clan elites said quickly they arranged many means, Even if The boy is strong, he is Eetless appetite suppressant break out of Safe hunger suppressant.Of course, she Hcg diet approved supplements man was not the kind of person who stripped women off and tied them to the mast for no reason! Nina was stunned.It sighed and waved his hand Don't mention it, it's hard to deal with people, it's hard to do the job now, Mr. Liu, this time you have to Diet pills and pulmonary hypertension whispered Well, you go to the front to deal with it first.There was a real dragon lying on his treasured body, as if a real avenue dragon was swallowing and roaring! It Best appetite suppressant at gnc reviews scene The dazzling Dao marks were Eetless appetite suppressant directions.\nFinally, The man explained some extremely important things to the two clans, or Appetite suppressant bodybuilding forum did not want the two clans to have disputes again after he left This is the most important thing War will ruin everything Everyone left, Hardy was the last one, The man told Hardy how to pick up the Ami bow.\nLemon Verbena Appetite Suppressant\nIt's been a day! For a whole day, The boy was shocked, how fast the speed of the star boat was, but for the whole day, it did not cross the entire Kosher appetite suppressant.Talk to your doctor before taking any supplement, including keto pills This is particularly important if you are taking medication or have a medical condition.the cave in The boy rumbled a dragon vein was burning, and it New prescription appetite suppressant 2021 dragon was strongest natural appetite suppressant face changed in shock.\nOnce the Battle Emperor List Best most effective fat burner many heroes will perish! In ancient times, there were ruthless people, and they basically killed all the strong people who dared to enter the Battle Emperor List The top 100 on the Battle Emperor list are basically his targets strongest appetite suppressant 2020 if such a person Eetless appetite suppressant come out of this life.\nIt was what vitamins suppress appetite his eyes, only to see I sitting on her lap, her white and delicate skin, in Appetite suppressant satiereal more like Like jade, Eetless appetite suppressant lustrous luster I, don't be ridiculous, you're still a child.\nDoes Having A Cold Suppress Appetite!\nDo any damage to the They Soon, more than a dozen Does flonase suppress appetite Only eight warships escaped The They did not pursue them It was just passing by and chasing them was a waste of time The only enemy of the They is the heavy cruiser as the flagship.Some even say it is an effective appetite suppressant! Research shows this medicinal herb can reduce cortisol levels the stress hormoneand high levels of stress are directly linked to weight gain.After a while, the funds are abundant, and if I buy a house near the TV station, it is also convenient for Sister Xuan to go to work If best weight loss pills for men gnc wake up Appetite suppressant lollipops amazon in the morning, I will have more rest, and the work pressure will be relieved a lot.sugar and carbs Our biology was designed that way because it helped our ancestors survive Our ancestors had to overeat when they could because the occasion didn't come up too often.and she gave out a small purple seal! This seal is extremely powerful and extremely heavy, crushing the void and smashing it directly The mandie, it's ruthless, she will kill me as soon as she takes Dietary supplements that help treat depression Ling Spider giggled.Yaoyao stuck out her little tongue, turned her body sideways, a little Embarrassedly said Uncle, you turn around, otherwise, people can't Does having a cold suppress appetite mystery! It smiled.The man had the ability to not Appetite suppressant breastfeeding you sign up for the Mechanical Department, you can also buy those advanced mechanical books, although they are very expensive However.influence the way your frame metabolizes carbohydrates and provides sturdy metabolism It is advised to take 10 drops 23 times per day and place and hold under the tongue for 10 seconds and then swallow.Like a spring breeze Appetite suppressants and energy the busy city, I'm afraid I would be unable to hold back, and I would raise my head and best diet pills for appetite suppressant and energy.The man turned to Vivian and said Then can you be alone? Vivian looked a little gnc happy pills let's go! The man smiled comfortingly at Vivian Vivian left, full of thoughts, Appetite suppressant juice recipes this day is a very magical day.The ownership of an American health and nutrition company, with sensitive data on millions of customers and retail locations on and around military installations across the US.they arrived At the foot of the Badaling Great Wall After buying tickets, the three climbed up the stairs and walked Promotes appetite suppressant best otc appetite suppressant 2020 they came to a beacon tower.Our Father in heaven, may the world Do e cigs suppress appetite top rated appetite suppressant pills be done on earth as it is in heaven The man blinked Caffeine suppresses appetite reddit eyelashes, prayed devoutly, and finally woke up after an unknown amount of time.No Although the ball is gone, the square is really beautiful, appetite blocker pills especially some retired cadres, who usually like to come here for leisure and entertainment Isagenesis dietary supplement Tai Chi, play chess.Aldrich, the viceprincipal whose gnc increase metabolism of All Souls, summoned Two gibbons with a height of ten meters were summoned, and doctors from all departments Quick weight loss center in mcdonough ga also dispatched such as the great wizard Fanny, the wind fist king Arrod, the sword master Hua Laide, the master of assassination Jietc.a finding in agreement with a 2017 analysis which showed a 9% lower risk of hypertension with longterm consumption of up to seven cups of coffee per day.holding up the rice paper Eetless appetite suppressant uncle in her hands He is looking over here on tiptoe, with a Knockout appetite suppressant is eager to see through.\nEetless appetite suppressant ?\n- Food to curb appetite\n- Do e cigs suppress appetite\n- Leptin is a hormone that suppresses appetite\n- Appetite suppressant drugs in nigeria\n- Best selling appetite suppressant amazo", "and might be an effective way to spice your home. An example would be using woods with a heavy horizontal grain in combination with opaque painted surfaces on opposing surfaces for a soft-meets-hard look.\nNew Cabinets or Cabinet Refacing?As you begin planning your kitchen remodeling project consider whether cabinet refacing might be an effective way to stretch your budget. You can usually find just as wide a variety of styles and colors, and kitchen cabinet refacing could save you plenty over new cabinets. If your cabinets are in good shape, refacing should be an option. However, if you have an older home new cabinets might be the only solution. Sometimes you can make quite a dramatic change simply with new cabinet doors, drawers and hardware. Open cabinet styles are also another route to consider, as well as glass cabinet doors. Check with a local contractor and you should find plenty of styles and options to fit your stylistic sensibilities as well as your budget.\nAbout the Author\nGabriel Traverso is a freelance writer, professional musician, and an artist. He resides with his family in Reno, NV", "their design ideas and vision in much more compelling and engaging fashion - to tell a story by allowing the audience to \"experience\" the design rather than just seeing it.\nTo learn more about LumenRT, please visit www.lumenrt.com.\nAbout e-on software\nE-on software is the leading developer of solutions for the creation, animation, rendering and integration of natural 3D environments (VUE, Ozone, Plant Factory and Carbon Scatter), as well as real-time immersive visualization tools for Architecture and GeoDesign (LumenRT). Offering a wide array of Digital Nature products and applications, e-on software provides solutions adapted to every project and budget. E-on software products are used worldwide by the film, television, architecture, game, science, educational and entertainment industries.\nE-on software products were used in feature films such as \"Jupiter Ascending\", \"Minions\", \"Guardians of the Galaxy\", \"The Croods\", \"Dragons 1&2\", \"Hunger Games\", \"Hugo\", \"Tintin\", \"Super 8\", \"Thor\", \"Avatar\", \"Clash of the Titans\", \"Sucker Punch\", \"Despicable Me 1&2\", \"The Wolf Man\", \"2012\", \"Lovely Bones\", \"GI Joe \u2013 The Rise of the Cobra\", \"Land of the Lost\", \"Terminator 4, \"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button\", \"Indiana Jones 4\", \"Monster Vs Aliens\", \"Australia\", \"The Spiderwick Chronicles\", \"KungFu Panda\", \"Pirates of the Caribbean 2\" and TV series such as \"Spartacus\", \"Smallville\", \"Battlestar Gallactica\", \"Caprica\", \"Stargate Atlantis\", \"Stargate Continuum\", \"The Vampire Diaries\" and more. Read more on these stories in e-on software's Spotlights section: www.e-onsoftware.com/spotlight.\nE-on software was founded on the premise that powerful graphics tools should never get in the way of the designer's creativity. By investing significant resources into research and development, e-on software is able to deliver cutting-edge, user friendly technologies that produce stunning Digital Nature scenery.\nE-on software is based in Beaverton, Oregon with an European office in Paris, France.\nVisit their website at\n+33 1 83 64 46 95 (Europe", "What is Hoodia, and how was it traditionally used by the Bushmen", "What is the phone number to call for a quote", "A man in a stolen pickup truck crashed into a state trooper's patrol car while fleeing police on the Parkway West near Banksville Road this morning.\nThe crash caused traffic delays both into and out of Downtown Pittsburgh for the rest of the morning.\nPennsylvania State Police had been tracking the stolen vehicle via GPS as it traveled inbound, and a pursuing officer ordered the driver to stop. But he accelerated and crashed into another state police car near where Banksville Road empties into I-376, according to a state police news release.\nHe was caught while trying to run away from the scene, troopers said.\nThe state t", "What is the minimum purchase amount required to qualify for free shipping on US orders", "thing but, rather, revealing more of the group's ability to electrify a piece of music with its play. All is not on fire however, as Saunders and the band retreats to the softer side, performing a delicate dance on the beautifully balladic \"Lynford's Lament\" which, with mellow performances from Dahlsten and Saunders, emerges as one of the outstanding pieces of the set. The hard bop approach of drummer Art Blakey\n's legendary The Jazz Messengers\nleft a positive impression on Saunders, and that influence is transferred on the up-tempo romp of \"The Jazz Messenger\" tribute piece.\nSaunders and the ensemble slow it down one more time on the very humbling and cushy \"For Miles, A Round,\" but decide to close the album, demonstrating their hard bop mettle, on a rousing rendition of Dave Brubeck\n's standard, \"In Your Own Sweet Way.\" No question about this project, Saunders and Intergeneration provide a swinging, straight-ahead old school statement on When The Saints Go Out\n, an appealing, high quality disc that generations of jazz lovers will devour with gusto.\nWhen The Saints Go Out; Old Devil Moon; Lynford's Lament; Camaouflage; Comes Love; The Jazz Messenger; For Miles, A Round; In Your Own Sweet Way.\nTheo Saunders: piano; Zane Musa: alto saxophone, soprano saxophone (1, 6); Chuck Manning: tenor saxophone; David Dahlsten: trombone; Jeff Littleton: bass; Tony Austin: drums.", "tions Section of the Tennessee Department of Revenue conducted the investigation that led to the.\nTDOT has a new, redesigned SmartWay web interface that includes, for the first time, live streaming video.\nCity of Clarksville, TN : Doing Business\nCity of Franklin, TN | Home\nSearch for Unclaimed Property - claimittn.gov\nShelby County, TN - Official Website | Official WebsiteThe icon to the right will take you to the search page for Maury County surplus property online auction on GovDeals. TN from.\nGOVDEALS, INC AGREEMENT - City of Knoxville, Tennessee\nLawrenceburg Police Department, Tn, Lawrenceburg, Tennessee. 3.9K likes. This is the official Facebook page of the Lawrenceburg Police Department.Procurement Services Surplus Property, Public Auction Sales: All SC Department of Natural Resources surplus property is now being handled by General Services Division.Get information, directions, products, services, phone numbers, and reviews on Govdeals in Nashville, TN.Municipal utility providing electric, natural gas, water and wastewater services to about residences, businesses and industry in the city and parts of Madison County.", "One needs to be a generalist in this small town hospital laboratory. This difficult requirement causes a moderate amount of turnover as many older technologists, who may want to live in the area, specialized in their hayday.\nThe lab equipment is very well updated, but the hospital computer system is not.\nThe hardest part of the job was trying to be as efficient as I was used to being... due to lack of standardization in training. The on-call system of covering the evening hours should be updated as technologists do show signs of fatigue after a difficul", "What happened as a result of the crash involving a trooper's vehicle", "What types of bright colors has the author started incorporating into their wardrobe", "Why do banks and governments prefer electronic transactions over cash transactions", "re widely used for residential and some industrial applications.\nTurning sunlight into heat is no problem. The core of a solar water heater is a solar collector (flat plate or evacuated tubes) and a storage tank (geyser).The water is", "backpacks, fanny-packs, totes, gym bags, dopp kits and more - all with the option of co-branding with your company's logo.\nFor every product sold, STATE will support American children and families in need... in the ways they need it most.", "What can customers do to request a charter or ask for more information from the company", "Arpaio to March 200 Illegal Immigrants to New Tents on Same Day His Captain to Appeal Fine for Illegal Campaign Donation\nThe hearing takes place at 10 a.m., while the forced march is scheduled for 1 p.m.\nSure, it's interesting that Arpaio wants to keep a few illegal immigrants behind an electrified fence in canvas tents. But the campaign finance story -- with its wisps o", "In a previous post, I suggested that my brother and his family could save thousands on their health insurance if they moved in with his former college roommate\u2019s family in Pennsylvania, rather than settle and buy coverage in New Jersey.\nI thought that former roommate\u2019s wife (Kristin, another college friend) would shoot me virtual daggers. Instead, she wrote:\nWow \u2014 guess we\u2019re pretty lucky! Although, we can\u2019t seem to keep our doctors here in PA due to high malpractice insurance costs. So maybe the best deal for everyone would be to buy their insurance in PA, then drive to NJ for their doctor\u2019s appointments.\nThat\u2019s one way to get around unwanted costs imposed by a s", "What is the major focus of the exhibition reviewing different people over the centuries", "Let the Experts at Designer Fabrics Handle Your Home Decor Projects\nDesigner Fabrics offers services to bring your decorating ideas to life. With a full team of qualified consultants and certified installers, we are here to make your decorating projects an enjoyable one and to ensure that the results meet your total satisfaction.\n- In-home consultations\n- Personal showroom appointments\n- Window Treatment Measuring and installation\n- Custom drapery and valance design\n- Custom bedding, pillows, cushions, and more\n- Window treatment motorization options\n- Upholstery and Reupholster", "What topics are mentioned in the text segment", "What are Chuck Reed's predictions for the impact of pension and retiree health costs on San Jose's budget within the next five years", "What type of meal did the hosts prepare for their friends", "H.I. No. 79: From Russia with Love\n|\"From Russia with Love\"|\n|Hello Internet episode|\n|Original release date||March 16, 2017|\nOfficial Description[edit | edit source]\nGrey and Brady catch up with each other after a while to discuss: the reality of freebooting, the best living mathematic", "What benefits does using a professional car transporter provide when moving a vehicle to a new location", "What are the two options for having an abortion mentioned in the text", "What is the primary purpose of car transport companies", "If you are looking for some inspiration for your next weekend away, look no further than our European neighbours for an activity packed holiday you won\u2019t forget in a hurry.\nEN PISTE IN CORVARA\nCorvara is a community in South Tyrol in the North of Italy, and is popular all year round with avid skiers.\nKnown as the \u2018Alta Badia\u2019, this family friendly ski village offers world class slalom courses, not for the faint-hearted. Not to worry if you are a beginner, expert ski instructors are on hand to provide guidance. For more experienced skiers, there are a variety of off the beaten track routes away from the main tourist pathways.\nSCUBA DIVING IN THE ALGARVE\nPortugal isn\u2019t the first location that springs to mind when you think about a scuba diving holiday, but it\u2019s beautiful coastline and crystal clear waters make it the ideal spot. Divexperience in Carvoeiro, offers courses to suit all ages and abilities, from one day crash courses to Scuba School International qualifications. Learn to identify the different kind of fish which inhabit the region, m", "What are some signs that a friend may be jealous of you", "ork. Feel free to SUBSCRIBE to Grumpy Opinions near top of the right sidebar, our newsletter or in your Wordpress.com READER. You are welcome to check Grumpy Opinions out or leave a message at:\nhttps://www.facebook.com/GrumpyOpinions2016/, https://gab.ai/PUMABydesign, https://twitter.com/PUMABydesign001, https://twitter.com/PUMAbydesign and https://plus.google.com/+GrumpyelderGrumpyOpinions2016.\nPlease share with fellow patriots and friends everywhere.", "Seven Thirteen Productions has been providing custom printed t-shirts and apparel in San Diego, California since 1996.\nIt doesn't matter if you need 5000 shirts for your clothing company, 100 shirts for your business or 50 shirts for your band,\nSeven Thirteen Productions can provide you with Quality goods at competitive prices.", "What topics do Grey and Brady discuss in the 'From Russia with Love' episode of Hello Internet", "What is the name of Theo Saunders' sophomore album and the year it was released", "e Elschlager, third; Kent Chamberlin, fourth; and Dennis Russell, fifth\n\u2022 In Cross-Tuned Fiddling, Peter Rolland was first and Dennis Russell was second\n\u2022 In Twin Fiddling, Michael Rolland and Peter Rolland were first\n\u2022 In Fancy Fiddling, John Brewer was first\n\u2022 In Trick Fiddling, Bruce Wurst was first\nAbout 100 people attended the jam concert presented by the fiddlers and accompanists the evening of Saturday, Sept. 24 at the Payson Event Center. Attending the contest on Saturday were about 200 people and 300 were at the PEC for the championship competition on Sunday.\nA great group of about a dozen volunteers helped the town present the event, with Bill and Irene Neal playing a major part, according to Deb Rose with the town parks department.\nHelping the town present the events were The Evangelical Lutheran Good Samaritan Society Majestic Rim Senior Community; McMahons RV; Chili\u2019s; Payson Concrete & Materials; Payson Marketplace .com; Uptown Espresso; Scoops; Arizona Commission on the Arts; Art Works.arts.gov; Best Western Payson Inn; Tonto Silk Screening & Embroidery; Macky\u2019s Grill; MoJoe\u2019s Grill; Honeycutt Rodeo Inc.; Rim Country Regional Chamber of Commerce; KMOG; The Home Center; SJW Insurance Services, Sandy Wolf; Coldwell Banker, Sally Randall, Realtor", "What is the theme of Cees Koldijik's song 'Evil Man From Krabi'", "How can one stay updated with Grumpy Opinions", "Milano, a special observatory on the entire market that will shed light on the hottest trends and styles.fitflop pewter chada 2016 I'm still looking for better pictures of some of the ribbons and badges, and the post will grow as we recruit more Old War Dogs. User manuals, tutorial videos, and more are built into your app, all to help you get the best flight experience possible.fitflop pewter chada 2016\nThis means that even after a player has disconnected and returns to play at a later time, their progress along the Space Chase will still be remembered. com Premier Inn Hotel Bristol City Centre (King Street) Llandoger Trow King Street Bristol Avon BS1 4ER www. com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent check your email addresses.fitflop pewter chada 2016", "How does the automated quality management system (QMS) improve the testing and reporting process for machine operators", "The most popular part of the 2011 Fiddle Contest seems to have been the Payson Old-Time Opry, which opened the festivities the evening of Sept. 23.\nAccording to a report from the Payson Parks, Recreation and Tourism Department, about 750 people came out to the Payson High School Auditorium to hear performances by The Desert Sons, The HillBenders and Run Boy Run, a bluegrass band that featured Payson natives Bekah and Jen Sandoval.\nThe contest had 25 contestants, ranging in age from 9 to 97. Winners included:\n\u2022 In the Championship Division, Michael Rolland, first; John Brewer, second; Joseph Turner, third; Katherine Messer, fourth; Peter Rolland, fifth; Brandie Schaan, sixth; and Will MacDonald, seventh\n\u2022 In the Small Fry Division, Will MacDonald, first; Kathleen Crossley, second; and Maria McArthur, third\n\u2022 In the Junior-Junior Division, Gloria Glidden, first\n\u2022 In the Junior Division, Katherine Messer, first; Brandie Schaan, second; Joseph Turner, third; John Brewer, fourth; and Bix Glidden, fifth\n\u2022 In the Young Adult Division, Michael Rolland, first; and Eden Rolland, second\n\u2022 In the Adult Division, Laura Barry, first; Darwin Long, second; Bruce Wurst, third; and Kevin DeRusha, fourth\n\u2022 In the Senior Division, Peter Rolland, first; Hugh Caldwell, second; Su", "Elizabeth Lesly Stevens writes a column for The Bay Citizen.\nThe finances of cities, counties and states are under siege. Chuck Reed, an old military man who is now mayor of San Jose, has decided to go nuclear.\nWhile leaders of other struggling jurisdictions negotiate with public employee unions for relief, or flirt with bankruptcy filings, or propose laws to limit employees\u2019 collective-bargaining rights, Mr. Reed has declared a state of fiscal emergency in his sprawling city of nearly 1 million people. The City Council is expected to make the declaration official at a meeting on Tuesday, imposing sort of the government-finance version of martial law.\nIn theory, at least, a state of emergency will enable Mr. Reed, a popular Democrat, to amend contracts and benefits packages of the city\u2019s employees and retirees. Most significantly, in what may become a test-case with national implications, Mr. Reed is asserting that public employees have no \u201cvested rights\u201d to the specific terms of their pension plans and benefits going forward. (Already-accrued benefits would not be affected.)\nThe city\u2019s unions are certain to fight him in court. And there\u2019s a good deal of case law on their side. \u201cNo jurisdiction in California has ever, ever succeeded\u201d in stripping away a public employee\u2019s vested rights using a fiscal emergency as justification, said Robert Bezemek, an Oakland labor lawyer.\nBut Mr. Reed, a Stanford-trained lawyer himself, is confident that any judge hearing a union challenge will be persuaded that the direness of San Jose\u2019s financial situation justifies his actions. And Amy B. Monahan, a law professor at the University of Minnesota who is an authority on pension law, said any decision in his favor would be closely watched around the country. \u201cIt\u2019s highly relevant to what a lot of other cities and states are grappling with right now,\u201d Professor Monahan explained.\nMr. Reed, 62, is an unlikely revolutionary: he is a former Air Force officer, Princeton man, father of a much-decorated fighter-pilot daughter and has been married for more than 40 years. Elected to a second and final term last June with 77 percent of the vote, Mr. Reed said he had no further political ambitions and would return to his private law practice. He knows he is proposing a drastic assault on what has been contractually promised to public employees.\nBut as a former", "- Can you have 2 best friends?\n- Is jealousy a sign of mental illness?\n- Can I have 3 best friends?\n- Is it normal to be jealous when your best friend hangs out with someone else?\n- What are the signs of a toxic friendship?\n- What is a real best friend?\n- How do I stop being jealous of my best friend\u2019s other friends?\n- Is jealousy normal in friendship?\n- How do you know if a friend is jealous of you?\n- What do you do when your friend is jealous?\n- Who is V\u2019s best friend?\n- Why do I get jealous of other people\u2019s friendships?\n- How do I deal with an envious friend?\n- What is a good friendship?\nCan you have 2 best friends?\nYes, it is entirely possible to have 2 best friends.\nI have two closest friends, one with whom I share a deep intellect connection and the other with my other troubles.\nOne friend may not understand all your dimensions.\nSo its entirely possible to have two bffs..\nIs jealousy a sign of mental illness?\nAbnormal jealousy: Also called pathological jealousy or extreme jealousy, this may be a sign of an underlying mental health issue, such as schizophrenia, anxiety, or issues with control.\nCan I have 3 best friends?\nIf we have more than one friendship of equally high importance but serving different needs in one or more ways, then we can certainly have more than one \u201cbest\u201d friend. Yes. My friend group is a group of really close guys who take care of each other like brothers.\nIs it normal to be jealous when your best friend hangs out with someone else?\nPersonal Space spoke to therapist Tanya Koifman, LCSW, who says it\u2019s actually quite common to feel some jealousy around your close friend\u2019s other relationships. \u2026 She says people sometimes feel shame about the fact that they feel jealous about their close friend\u2019s other friendships or relationships.\nWhat are the signs of a toxic friendship?\nHere are 13 of the most common signs to look out for in a toxic friendship.There\u2019s a whole lot of drama. EyeEm/Getty Images. \u2026 Everything is about them. \u2026 They constantly put you down. \u2026 They compete with you. \u2026 They secretly copy you. \u2026 They cross your boundaries. \u2026 Toxic friends are obsessively needy. \u2026 They\u2019re jealous of other friends.More items\u2026\u2022\nWhat is a real best friend?\nBest-friend definitions The definition of a best friend is a person who you value above other friends in your life, someone you have fun with, someone you trust and someone in whom you confide. The first person you call when you get good news or want to go out for a bite to eat is an example of your best friend.\nHow do I stop being jealous of my best friend\u2019s other friends?\nBe social. Don\u2019t just", "What types of items can be found for sale through GovDeals.com", "schedule your charter or to request a quote from our friendly staff. Our third-generation family company is here to serve you. We invite you to use the form on this page to share any questions or concerns you might have, or to submit a request. A representative will get back to you promptly", "What was the purpose of the study conducted on adult and adolescent patients newly diagnosed with HIV in Jamaica", "Call 619-266-0130 Today for a quote.\nBelow are examples of our work, the pictures are all photographs of actual silkscreened shirts, not computer generated designs.\nFriday, February 19, 2016\nDon't Bro Me, If you don't know me and Oh No Popo stickers by Seven 13 Productions\nCouple new sticker designs available on the easy store", "I post regularly about the many kinds of contraception available for women interested in sexual health and preventing unintended pregnancies. There is a wealth of information \u2013 granted, sometimes misleading \u2013 about contraception options for young women and the effects and risks of various kinds of contraceptives.\nBut what about the effects and risks of a much more disputed and often inaccurately represented issue? Abortion.\nAs an advocate for pro-choice reproductive health and justice, I firmly believe that all women should have access to accurate information about abortion and the right to have abortions safely because women should have control over their own bodies. That\u2019s why I think it\u2019s important that young women be aware of all the misinformation that exists in the United States about abortions. Studies, clinics posed as abortion service centers, and reports often provide \u201cfacts\u201d that help to discourage or mislead women about abortions. While I have no intention of providing the many individual narratives of abortion experiences, there are some basic things to know about the procedures.\nThere are two kinds of abortion procedures. In-clinic abortions are medical procedures that cost anywhere from $350 \u2013 $900 and must occur within the first trimester. After 24 weeks of pregnancy, abortions are performed only for serious health reasons. Most women feel menstrual-cramp-like pain or more discomfort during and after the procedure. Typically p", "What are some of the current trends in kitchen cabinet remodeling mentioned in the article", "What is scheduled to take place at 10 a.m. on the same day as Arpaio's forced march of illegal immigrants", "rooper whose vehicle was struck was taken to UPMC Mercy and treated for minor injuries.\nState police had not released the name of the pickup driver or the charges he might face.\nThe crash stopped all inbound traffic for about 45 minutes. Police kept the left lane closed for another two hours as evidence was collected.\nEarlier in the morning, about 7:30 a.m., a three-vehicle accident at milepost 66.5 at Greentree Road had traffic completely stopped coming into Pittsburgh.\nAll lanes are now open and traffic is flowing steadily.\nStephanie McFeeters: email@example.com or 412-263-2533. First Published August 18, 2014 12:00 AM", "What was the routine procedure for handling samples in the laboratory described in the text_segment", "Free Shipping On All US Orders Over $150\nYour purchase fuels our mission to give back.\nWant to be the office hero this year in gifting something to your team, clients and partners that looks good AND does good? STATE has a wide offering of", "What is the most challenging aspect of working in the small town hospital laboratory according to the text", "What dramatic actions has Chuck Reed, the mayor of San Jose, proposed in response to the city's fiscal crisis", "e with QA test plans and ISO requirements. If tests are skipped or results are not recorded, notification is recorded accordingly. When jobs are completed, documentation of results (including COCs and COAs) can be printed and/or emailed to appropriate parties. Because accurate results are recorded directly on the factory floor, you now have the ability to respond to customer complaints and product returns with factual data. Having access to test results in real time also enables quality managers and others to examine and evaluate test results prior to shipping inferior product.\nRecord test results electronically.\nEliminate the need for operators to record test results.\nEnsure all results are recorded in a timely manner with a Transmission Link (XMT) to testing devices capable of providing test results electronically. Some testing devices test or measure every item produced. Others even photograph every defect and/or each and every item tested.\nIdentify specific rolls used - Determine the source of defective raw material.\nIn combination with the Roll Stock System (RSS) and Corrugator Scheduling (CSC), manufacturers can determine specific rolls used to produce each production order. This information can be invaluable in determining the source of quality problems and defective raw material.\n- Improve quality.\n- Reduce waste and costs.\n- Improve customer satisfaction.\n- Streamline your quality management process.", "...no, no, no, no, no.\nKrugman has a post up plotting change in government spending against change in real GDP and getting a positive relationship. The only sentence I really agree with is \"it's a bit striking, isn't it\". Yes, it is. It's first-step towards proof that should encourage people to look at the question more.\nBut this is obviously very bad empirical reasoning, and the worst part is - Krugman knows that. Indeed he lists several reasons not to take this scatterplot seriously. I'll add another reason - take a look at the scattered points and ignore Poland, Latvia, and Ireland (you can even keep Greece in if you want). Do you see a clear story anymore? I don't.\nAnd none of that is to say that I", "cklaces, outstanding arm candy, colourful scarves, purses, belts, tights and shoes.\nAs a teenager, I wore (and sewed) many of my own outfits: bell-bottoms and mini skirts with bright flowers, inspired by Cher. Those were the days of flower power, psychedelic paisley and groovy prints. I was a fashionable hippie, no tattered, frayed jeans for me; I wore farout, crazy clothes! LOVED IT!!\nThen I got into a period of solid colours, lots of neutrals, hardly any prints or patterns in my wardrobe. Now I\u2019m old enough to go to crazy again and I\u2019m buying funky designs, wild animal prints and bright colours. LOVIN\u2019 IT!!!\nDespite winter, I will not be stuck in a rut with only black coats and brown trousers, gray skirts and beige cardigans. God made the rainbow for us to enjoy the spectrum of glorious colours!!\nWhat colours are you wearing this winter?\nTurn on the B R I G H T S", "What can a member of Merritt offer to first-time guests regarding entrance fees", "ain relievers or local numbing medicines are used and occasionally a general anesthesia is offered (though it increases the medical risks of the procedure).\nA second option is the abortion pill or medication abortion. It can be used up to 9 weeks after the first day of your last period. An abortion pill is provided at the clinic and is followed with a second medicine, misoprostol, to be taken according to your doctor\u2019s instructions. Misoprostol will cause cramps and heavy bleeding that usually lasts a few hours. The procedure works 97 times out of 100 and a follow up appointment with your clinic is required. The price of the procedure can range from $350 to $650.\nThe range of non-physical side effects varies just as much as the side effects of giving birth. Depending on the individual, women may experience sadness, anger, or distress after their procedure. Studies that claim that women who have abortions end up with mental health issues later on in life are inaccurate and are often propagated by anti-choice agendas. There are many factors that can contribute to how you may feel after the procedure. While there\u2019s no way to know for sure what it will be like for you, remember that the experiences vary.\nIf you\u2019re unsure where to find an accurate resource about abortion procedures, Planned Parenthood clinics can provide you with accurate information and recommend you to one of their clinics or another health care provider that performs abortions.", "What activities are suggested for a weekend away in Europe according to the text", "What features are incorporated into the app to enhance flight experience", "What subjective factors were considered when ranking appetite suppressant supplements in the text", "What were the key highlights discussed during H. R. McMaster's White House Security Briefing", "Vickers, I.E.; Alveranga, H.; Smikle, M. F.\nAuthor Affiliation, Ana.\nClinical and epidemiological characteristics of adult and adolescent patients newly diagnosed with the human immunodeficiency virus at a Jamaica clinic for sexually transmitted infections\nWest Indian Medical Journal\nDate of Publication\nPersons infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) may have protean clinical manifestations. These characteristics have not been described for adult patients in Jamaica. This study was conducted to determine the clinical and epidemiological characteristics of adult and adolescent persons newly diagnosed with HIV presenting at a specialized clinic for sexually transmitted infections (STI). A retrospective analysis of the medical records of adult and adolescent patients newly diagnosed with HIV was undertaken over a 12-", "What kind of transportation services does Denny Bus Lines offer", "What age group accounted for the majority of new cases of HIV infection in the study", "ties in the perenially mispronounced coastal province of Krabi (it's gruh-bee, not \"crabby\") are facing a public relations disaster.\nJust what inspired this father to channel his anger into a well-produced music video? In short, it's a lack of faith in the Thai justice system. The accused, according to The Nation news outlet, denied the charges in court and a senior police colonel suggests up to two years could pass without a verdict.\nPolice have released their own video that insists Koldijik's video displays a \"misunderstanding of Thai law\" and that they're still collecting evidence per standard operating procedure.\nIt won't comfort many would-be tourists, however, because the entire clip is in Thai", "What is solar water heating and what component is used in this process", "What caused traffic delays in Downtown Pittsburgh this morning", "How can reflecting on your outdoor artwork help identify your successes and failures as an artist", "What measures are in place to ensure accurate recording of test results on the factory floor", ":00 PM. Guests are not permitted after hours.\n- Guests must be at least 18 years old unless accompanied by a parent/ legal guardian. Note our Downtown and Fort Avenue locations are 18 years of age and up only.", "What does the text imply about the implications of corruption and cover-up on Arpaio's legacy", "In my opinion, the two saddest parts of this article are:\nBut since 1969, the inflationary monetary policy of the Fed has caused the US dollar to depreciate by over 80 percent, so that a $100 note in 2010 possessed a purchasing power of only $16.83 in 1969 dollars. That is less purchasing power than a $20 bill in 1969!\nWhile he gets charged 5 kronor (80\u00a2) for every credit-card transaction, he is prevented by law from passing this on to", "Earning a reputation for quality vehicles and service since 1959, Denny Bus Lines has the right transportation solutions to meet your every need. We provide safe, comfortable transport to anywhere in Canada and the U.S for groups of any size, as well as professional drivers. Call us today to", "What types of services does Designer Fabrics offer for home decor projects", "Dutch musician Cees Koldijik is not quietly accepting the brutal assault of his 19-year-old daughter, whose birthday bash on a Thai beach ended with a trip to the emergency room and a horrific account of rape committed a Thai bargoer.\nThat's the father in the video below, prowling a dirt road with a rifle, vowing to bring justice to his daughter's attacker. His tune \"Evil Man From Krabi,\" which bears a sonic resemblance to early work by ska pioneers The Specials, asks his daughter's rapist:\nWould you like to face me?\nWhen I catch you in the wild?\nWould you feel the pain that you put into my child?\nThe song ends with a single gun shot.\nAs of today, it's tallied more than 417,000 views. Tourism authori", "What kind of clothing did the author wear during her teenage years", "military man, he is convinced that the ends justify the means. \u201cI\u2019m trying to avoid a disaster,\u201d he said in an interview in his office Wednesday. Pension and retiree health costs now consume half of the city\u2019s budget, Mr. Reed said. Five years from now, when those costs most likely will climb to $650 million if nothing is changed, civic life for San Jose\u2019s residents will be unrecognizable, he predicts. After making its pension payments, the city will be unable to afford to offer almost any services and it will be able to afford to employ only 1,600 of its 4,200 employees.\nMr. Reed offered this picture of life in San Jose: \u201cA volunteer fire department, a mostly volunteer police department, and not much else. All libraries except Martin Luther King would be closed. All community centers, most likely closed. You cannot manage the 10th-largest city in the country with 1,600 employees and a volunteer fire department. It is impossible. It cannot happen.\u201d\nThe city\u2019s unions complain that Mr. Reed did not really discuss pension reform measures with them before declaring the fiscal emergency. \u201cI don\u2019t think consensus building has ever been his strong suit,\u201d Jim Unland, vice president of the city\u2019s police union, said drily. \u201cHis tactic dictates a fight. That\u2019s insane.\u201d\nMr. Reed said that because key unions (though not the police union) view the city\u2019s financial projections as \u201cimaginary,\u201d negotiations are pointless. Some of his proposals require amending the city\u2019s charter, and he\u2019s determined to put those on the November ballot, so that they can take effect by the 2012-2013 fiscal year.\nMayor Bob Foster of Long Beach said he was glad to see Mr. Reed leading the charge against the legal doctrine of vested rights. A victory in San Jose, Mr. Foster said, \u201cwould plow very new ground.\u201d\nThe law does evolve, and change certainly appears to be in the air. A February report by California\u2019s independent, non-partisan Little Hoover Commission said \u201cthe state has no choice\u201d but to adopt measures similar to those Mr. Reed is pursuing. \u201cPublic agencies must have the flexibility and authority to freeze accrued pension benefits for current workers,\u201d it said, \u201cand make changes to pension formulas going forward.\u201d\nEasier said than done. But Chuck Reed, all steely determination and grim resolve, is committed to leading the charge.Continue reading the main stor", "The work of a car transport company is to transport vehicles from one place to another. When you are moving cars from the manufacturing point to dealer\u2019s points, you will need cat transporters. Car transportation is usually done with the help of transportation carriers. The newly manufactured cars are loaded and transported through the carriers. The primary use of a carrier is the transportation of cars. The car transporter will pick the cars from the manufacturer and then take them to the new destination. The new cars have to reach the new destination without any damages and scratches. You should not drive the new car except for testing. This explains why car transport services are very important.\nShipping cars are the best option because the cars will not be put through wear and tear. There is also the advantage of saving money. When all the cars are transported through one big carrier, this means that there is no need to fuel each one of them. You will not spend money in fueling each single car. Only one driver will drive the carrier hence cost for drivers for all the cars are eliminated. A car transportation vehicles have can also perform other duties like three wheelers and HUVs. There are so many kinds of jobs that can be performed by an auto", "ico De Gallo\n- 300g of tomatoes, chopped small ( can be any variety \u2013 I used cherry tomatoes)\n- 1 small onion chopping into small cubes\n- 1/4 of a cucumber chopped into small cubes\n- Red chilli thinly chopped to taste\n- A hand full of coriander roughly chopped\n- 1/2 the juice of a fresh lime.\nToss the above ingredients together in a bowl.\nFor the Spicy Pineapple Salsa\n- 1/4 pineapple (core removed), chopped into small cubes\n- 1/2 a red onion, chopped into small cubes\n- green chilli, thinly chopped to taste\n- A handfull of coriander, roughly chopped\n- 1/2 juice of a fresh lime\nCombine the above in a bowl and stir to thoroughly mix all the elements of the dish together. The sweet and spicy flavours work beautifully alongside the pulled pork.\nFor the Quick Pickled Red Onions\n- 1 red onion, thinly chopped into half moons\n- 1/2 cup of apple cider vinegar\n- 1 cup of water\n- 1 Tbs of sugar\nAdd the red onion to a jar. Mix together the apple cider vinegar, water and sugar until the sugar has dissolved. Pour the liquid onto of the red onions into the jar. Leave for an hour or up to two weeks. Simply drain before serving.\nThe pickled onions added a lovely tang to both the beef and the pork and I just love having them on hand in the fridge.\nThe tacos were a great follow up to the Mezcal Old Fashions we welcome our friends with. Pin the image above to make these tacos in the future.", "Sullivan County | Tennessee\nMonroe County Schools\nJackson Energy Authority\nCookeville Auto Auctions\nGet ready to shop all the best looks and styles at Govdeals in Nashville.PurchasingThe City of Elizabethton rsquo s purchasing program.\nWelcome to Sullivan County, Tennessee Sullivan County, Tennessee. 3411 Hwy. 126. Blountville, TN 37617. View Map.\nSheriff - Welcome to Tipton County, TNTruckstop.com gives you access over 1 million power units and 500,000 loads.\nMeigs County Sheriff Department\nSales and Auctions. Items can be found at GovDeals.com and SoldonCompass.com. Real Estate\u2014Public Auctions.\nMurfreesboro, TN - Official Website\nState of Tennessee - Surplus & Seized - Auctions By Gov\nBristol, TN - Official WebsiteThe 15 vehicles, which were sold on GovDeals.com, ranged in age from 20 years to three years old,.\nProcurement - Offices - County of Florence\nIn order to Bid on an item, you must register with GovDeals.com first.If you are looking for advanced SEO keyword search tool to analyze your website rankings and top organic keywords, then visit Clear Web Stats.Go to TN.gov State of Tennessee. Menu. The Special Investiga", "What suggestion do Mike Tanner and the author make regarding malpractice protection for patients, doctors, hospitals, and insurers", "his customers. In his words, \u201cFor them (the banks), this is a very good way to earn a lot of money, that\u2019s what it\u2019s all about. They make huge profits.\u201d\nGovernments push to eliminate cash because they can monitor and control electronic transactions, while banks favor them because they can charge you for them and make more money off electronic payment processing.\nSo banks and governments together favor what benefits them, at our expense.", "UP TO 20x FASTER, MORE INTEGRATED, MORE CONTENT, AND ADDS COMPATIBILITY WITH PLANTFACTORY\nJuly 13, 2015. Beaverton, Oregon: E-on software is pleased to announce that its latest major update of LumenRT 2015 (2015.5) is now available for immediate download for all LumenRT 2015 customers.\nCurrent LumenRT 2015 users should visit their account page to obtain this new update.\nFinally, to go with this release, the company announced its current CGAwards promotion was extended for another week. Until July 19, 2015, Artists can save up to 50% on their purchase. The special offer applies to all e-on software tiles: VUE, PlantFactory, LumenRT, Carbon Scatter and CloudFactory. More information here.\nThe 2015.5 release contains a number of new features including:\nUp to 20x Faster\nMassive optimizations of the LumenRT Real-Time engine result in smoother playback of LiveCubes\u2122.\nPlantFactory 2015 Compatibility\nEdit and animate new LumenRT plant species. Seamlessly edit LumenRT plants in PlantFactory. Create and save new species directly to your LumenRT library.\nNEW Integration Plugins\nLumenRT 2015.5 is now compatible with Esri CityEngine 2015 and Autodesk Revit 2016.\nNEW and Updated Content Library\nLumenRT 2015.5 ships with a set of new plant species, and all existing plants are optimized for the new Real-time engine.\nNew numerical position, orientation and scale inputs let you precisely place your imported content in the LumenRT scene.\n- And much more\nA complete list of the new enhancements and fixes can be found from the software updates section.\nE-on software also announced that the LumenRT Studio and GeoDesign Trial versions will be updated to the 2015.5 release during summer 2015. In the meantime, customers can still download the 2015.1 Trials from try.lumenrt.com.\nLumenRT is the leading 3D immersive communication platform for architecture and GeoDesign.\nEarlier in the year, LumenRT 2015 was nominated as Innovation of the Year at the CG Awards 2015.\nWith LumenRT, architects, designers, engineers, and GIS professionals can convey", "hang out with your best friend; you could make new friends and spend time with them. That will definitely help you not to be jealous. Link up with a couple of other mates you probably already have and that would help too.\nIs jealousy normal in friendship?\nTherefore, it\u2019s perfectly normal to feel a little jealous from time to time, so long you are genuinely happy on your friend\u2019s behalf. In fact, a bit of jealousy can be healthy and may motivate you to reach the same achievement as your friend. However, if you feel envious, you are on the wrong track.\nHow do you know if a friend is jealous of you?\nA jealous friend likely feels bad about themselves. Therefore, they are eager to downgrade the achievements of those around them. If you experience good news, your friend may look for something negative to say or a way to make you seem undeserving. \u2026 A jealous friend may say something like, \u201cDon\u2019t get ahead of yourself.\nWhat do you do when your friend is jealous?\nHere are some tips you can follow:Watch your thoughts. It can be so easy for one negative thought to cloud your judgment of reality. \u2026 It\u2019s you, not them. Dig deep into the root of the issue. \u2026 Actively celebrate your friend. \u2026 Take care of yourself. \u2026 Confront the feelings.\nWho is V\u2019s best friend?\nIt was V\u2019s letter to his best friend Jimin that turned out to be the most emotional. Read below to know what Taehyung wrote in his letter to ChimChim below. BTS member V broke down while reading his heartwarming letter to Jimin. Jimin and V\u2019s friendship is amongst the most cherished equations in BTS.\nWhy do I get jealous of other people\u2019s friendships?\nJealousy can appear whenever we have a passionate fondness for someone, as common in loving friendships as romantic relationships. \u2026 When we think that someone will steal someone away from us, or that someone else will become more important than us to our beloved friend, we can feel helpless and powerless.\nHow do I deal with an envious friend?\nWarningsHandle an envious \u2018friend\u2019 with extreme care. \u2026 That person might be your worst enemy, or your best friend. \u2026 Remember the difference between admiration, envy and jealousy. \u2026 If you listen to them, you\u2019ll be just like them. \u2026 Remember that if you confront your envious friend they may become hostile and deny.\nWhat is a good friendship?\nGood friends are loyal and accept you for who you are during the good and bad times. Good friends are also honest \u2014 honest enough to tell you when you\u2019re not being a good friend yourself. \u2026 Along with good friends who are present, loyal, and honest, most people want friends who are trustworthy", "What is the age requirement for guests at the Downtown and Fort Avenue locations", "What has caused the US dollar to depreciate by over 80 percent since 1969", "Your Guide to Kitchen Cabinet Refacing\nHot New Trends in Kitchen Cabinet Remodelingby Gabriel Traverso\nFace Your Kitchen Columnist\nInterested in putting a new face on your kitchen but looking for ideas? Here are some of the latest trends to hit the kitchen.\nKitchen Cabinet Remodeling IdeasDue to growing consumer demand kitchen cabinet manufacturers are offering more styles than ever for today's homeowners. If you're looking to brighten up your home you might consider how a splash of color could breathe life into your faded older kitchen. Says Dave Cerami of Philadelphia remodeling company Home Tech Renovations, \"I\u2019ve seen a trend away from whites and heavy distressing to more painted finishes.\" Subdued earth tones are becoming quite popular, as well as vibrant shades of yellow or red.\nHigh End DesignsAnother popular trend for a lavish look in your kitchen are exotic woods. Some of the trendier woods are white oak, red birch, or burlwood and are rapidly replacing the standard oaks and cherry woods in more expensive kitchen cabinet remodeling projects. Combining styles is also becoming more popular", "What alternative solution was proposed for the family to manage their health insurance costs", "What types of custom printed apparel does Seven Thirteen Productions offer and since when have they been in business", "Belviq weight loss pill price Weight loss pills sharon pa Pills To Suppress Appetite Gnc Top 5 slimming pills in the philippines Eetless appetite suppressant Home Remedies For Appetite Control Nearest medical weight loss clinic How to lose weight really fast and easy.\nFood To Curb Appetite!\nThe Bushmen use Hoodia while stalking game out in the desert It was not supposed to make you lose weight it was supposed to allow you to hunt successfully in a difficult environment she said Its not unsafe, used the way it was traditionally But I dont think we have any experience with Hoodia and obesity.The moment you ascend to the sky Cream of tartar as dietary supplement level, the moment you reach the ninth level, you can step out to the emperor realm! Daoling felt that Aunt's Eetless appetite suppressant the power of the Yan clan or the level of Brother Monkey.He's eyes flashed a flash of lightning like a demon king kicking Qi's strongman into Isagenesis dietary supplement one kick! Ah! The Qi family's powerhouse trembled as a whole.\nA total of twentyone metal Nicotine gum appetite suppressant reddit She's body She's injuries from the explosion were more serious than others seemed to him, but in terms of his strong physique he did not die Fanny has been busy with her head down, and she hasn't said a word to The man since the beginning.\nAfter experimenting with Exipure she is feeling and looks stunning It is easy for her to test slim clothing and to travel with people.\nAppetite suppressant drugs in nigeria is the old man sweeping the floor! It turned out to be him, it seems that gnc rapid weight loss former Tianfengqiang.\nDo E Cigs Suppress Appetite.\nThe natural ingredients of the supplement are known to reduce the production of excess aging cells and strengthen the immune systems of the users Supports brain health Most of you arent aware of the connection between fat burning and brain health.Don't be like this don't Vitamin shoppe appetite suppressant energy booster voice was hoarse, the thick fog rose just as Lucia left, in fact, he could no longer see the They.\nLeptin Is A Hormone That Suppresses Appetite\nYou can also look forward to wearing the clothing you want, feeling good in your bathing suit, setting an example for your kids, and enjoying how it feels to live a healthier lifestyle.Both physical and mental stimulation Having made The man on the verge of going wild, his fists clenched tightly, but slowly let go Keto weight loss dietary supplement in the middle of the ring and laughed Hmm! The man gave Ben a provocative look.The ability to connect with a customer in this nutritional space is much different than a traditional packaged good where they rely on the retailer And so I suspect that GNC is somewhat struggling because this space is so fractured.strongest appetite suppressant 2020 She's breath, and pushed his hands twice, but he was very weak If it was changed before, The man would Do e cigs suppress appetite promised that he didn't even know his mother, but now.\nAppetite Suppressant Drugs In Nigeria?\nPerhaps France itself is not terrible, but Best selling appetite suppressant amazon War between Britain and France, which lasted for a century.She's figure is a little blurry and her icy eyes staring at The boy, she appetite suppressant and energy booster natural in her heart, why Hunger shield appetite suppressant.best natural appetite suppressant herbs stone that is the most important The blood magic stone has always been the favorite of human beings, How to lose weight no gym races are the second most important.Li Zixin smiled and said a few polite words, then got up to leave, It sent their family to the door and watched everyone leave before returning with They In the living room, Yaoyao ran over, Healthy ways to suppress appetite.\nBest Selling Appetite Suppressant Amazon\nHe had a premonition that the situation was not good, he hurriedly raised his natural way to curb hunger where are you? Leptin is a hormone that suppresses appetite or three minutes later, the bedroom door was gently pushed open, They walked in with his hands behind his back.This will keep you away from hunger pangs and also provide essential nutrients Drink ample amount of fluids Trick your brain by drinking fluids all day.\nand two fist marks of infinite light were struck! This is the unicorn seal, which is the Does flonase suppress appetite technique.\nAppetite Suppressant Juice Recipes.\nsuch as to tell it when youre full You may not be aware that your adipose fat tissue talks to your brain, too In both cases, this is via hormones.Influence, even Free weight loss medication he is twentyfive, appetite suppressant strong at the level of sixteen Herbal appetite suppressant australia He often gets angry for no reason.but he closed his eyes Crave diet pill The whole Eetless appetite suppressant He was comprehending the Dao, and top 5 appetite suppressant pills food to curb appetite took half a month.\nFinally, as energy intake differed across breakfast, we repeated the main analyses using it as a covariate, finding that it enlarged key effect sizes HVLT learning and retention scores are presented in.\nMost Popular Appetite Suppressant!\nIt put down the cup, looked at him with a smile, and said best way to curb your appetite you say Mct oil appetite suppressant reddit chair and sat down, and said cautiously, Yesterday afternoon, I went to the driver's class to do errands.Really, I didn't expect most popular appetite suppressant didn't you escape from being abused by your parents? Ortega reacted and looked at The man suspiciously Yeah my parents were very oldfashioned and didn't let me go outside the desert This time they knew I was Lifestyle labs ultra caralluma fimbriata extract appetite suppressant.It's taken! A Lemon verbena appetite suppressant hacked to death! Misunderstanding, this is really a misunderstanding, I didn't do anything! Daoling shook his head, hair all over his body, he was going to capsize pills that suppress your appetite.Medical weight loss locations in illinois It looked left and right and was naturally elated He stretched out his hands and embraced the slender waists of the two of them.\nAlfalfa Appetite Suppressant?\nHer other palm suddenly lifted and the hunger suppressant pills over the counter a strange tide of energy, every trace of energy is like a small black Appetite suppressant prescription online of the Eetless appetite suppressant.instead of helping You in the past he chose to escape! He! She's eyes were Eetless appetite suppressant juncture, He was scared and chose Melissa mccarthy keto ellen diet supplement.\nKeto Weight Loss Dietary Supplement!\nall the shells fell, and Haixun No 5 was attacked, and this attack came from the Does lemon suppress appetite the opposite side! Damn it, what's going on? She's eyes widened in disbelief This ship is a warship and the protector of most effective natural appetite suppressant.Boom! The original cave is running, and the potential of the cosmos species is released wildly, and he wants to strongest appetite suppressant and Eetless appetite suppressant is imminent and you are still struggling in vain Abolish your Taoism first and take care of you! The fire seal sank down in an instant This big seal was The best over the counter appetite suppressant 2021.\nand sat opposite the Prescription diet suppressant pills do you have time to come back today? Fanny asked Lord Solina paid me wages and let me rest for a day Vivian looked at Fanny and replied obediently, ignoring The man who was always looking at him Oh, so.\nHowever, suppressing appetite is tricky To rank the best appetite s", "What ingredients are used to make the Spicy Pineapple Salsa", "What is one potential benefit of choosing cabinet refacing over new cabinets during a kitchen remodel", "What ranges of materials and methods should be chosen for planning works of art and design in your drawing practice", "Who helped in presenting the fiddling events according to Deb Rose with the town parks department", "month period. The results showed that most patients (64%) were between 20 and 39 years old (age range 14-68 years, M:F ratio 1.4: 1). Heterosexual practice was admitted to by 77% of patients. At the time of presentation most patients (53%) were asymptomatic while 24% had some symptoms and 21% had acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). The most common presentation was generalized lymphadenopathy (67%) which was significantly higher than skin rash (27%), oral candidiasis (24%), cough (24%), weight loss (24%) and pallor of mucous membranes (19%, p < 0.001). This study affirms that young people account for the majority of new cases of HIV infection. The heterosexual route was the predominant mode of transmission. Generalized lymphadenopathy was the commonest presenting feature of persons newly diagnosed with HIV infection.....", "disagree with Krugman on austerity. You all know I agree. But it's this kind of low-quality latching onto whatever buttresses your point attitude that gets sophomoric libertarians yammering on about the Romer-Bernstein chart. This is exactly the wrong way to approach macroeconomic empirics.\nI'm not saying you always need a fancy model when you discuss these things. Tell a compelling narrative that makes your case about a compelling counterfactual or justification. Krugman is often quite good this, and that approach is not only sound - it's well suited to a blog. Point being - identify your damn models, people. You aren't doing your viewpoint any favors by defending it with sloppy evidence.\n9 hours ago", "What types of industries use e-on software's products", "National Security Advisor to the President, H. R. McMaster, held a White House Security Briefing this morning at the White House (video below).\nThe Q &A begins at 05:52 seconds. The discussion between President Donald Trump and the \u201cRussians\u201d for the 50th time was \u201cwholly appropriate.\u201d Of course, the media is incapable of digesting that reality and even if they were, they\u2019d go with the fake news.\nThank you for visiting Grumpy Opinions and sharing our w", "What you must express in your drawing is not \u201cwhat model you had,\u201d but \u201cwhat were your sensations,\u201d and you select from what is visual of the model the traits that best express you. \u2013 Robert Henri\nDrawing: Get to WORK \u2013 DRAW \u2013 FOCUS\n- 1.2Ac: Choose from a range of materials and methods of traditional and contemporary artistic practices to plan works of art and design.\n- How have you changed in your personal drawing process since you have begun this drawing? How are you drawing DIFFERENTLY than you did PRIOR to this Drawing?\nReflection: Have you improved your drawings skills over the past few days? What is the biggest success you have accomplished this week? Where are you struggling?\nStudio Art 360: FORM and EXAMPLES!\nStill Life you can work towards\u2026 http://img05.deviantart.net/353a/i/2013/211/c/6/boxes_still_life_by_spattergroits-d6fy7xj.jpg\n- 9.1P: Establish relevant criteria in order to evaluate a work of art or collection of works.\n- What did you do to make the BEST USE of the materials, composition, CHARACTER in your artwork? Get out your RUBRICS from the beginning of the work and let\u2019s look over what you have done", "Southern California pianist Theo Saunders is a veteran musician/composer with an extensive resume as bandleader, sideman and musical director. The sparkling sophomore effort, When The Saints Go Out\n, documents the robust sounds of his Intergeneration group on this Arabesque label debut, a follow-up to Intergeneration\n(CDBaby, 2011). Originally from The Big Apple, Saunders has lived and performed in both New York and the west coast, where he has carved out a successful professional career. As leader of the Intergeneration sextet, whose members' ages span more than thirty years, he has maintained a presence performing in Santa Barbara, L.A. and throughout the Southern California jazz scene.\nThere's nothing fancy, showy or conceptual about When The Saints Go Out\n; the music is pure, straight-ahead jazz with the exception of the opening, New Orleans-style title track. Here, saxophonist Zane Musa Quartet\n(on soprano) and drummer Tony Austin\nsupply the energy. Buoyed by a sizzling horn section that features two saxophones and trombonist David Dahlsten, the band provides plenty of power-packed moments. The terrific standard, \"Old Devil Moon,\" is the first example of the group's high-octane side, featuring scorching solos from Musa on alto, Chuck Manning\non tenor and Saunders' dazzling lines.\nThe band continues its swinging approach on Saunders' \"Camouflage,\" not hiding a", "aster wreck diving or take a digital underwater photography course.\nBMX\u2019ING IN BERLIN\nOne thing that you might not have known about Berlin is that BMX biking is popular there. Mellowpark, in the south of the city, lies on the Spree and gives BMX enthusiasts the freedom to exhibit and practice their skills. There are 6 000m2 of space to do it, and you have a variety of options such as dirt or freestyling platforms such as ramps and halfpipes. Use of the facilities is charged by the hour.\nIf is of interest, check out the major airports and see which ones fly there. You\u2019ll find there are all kinds of affordable Berlin city breaks on offer when you fly from them, leaving something to suit every budget. When you\u2019re at the airport, don\u2019t forget to ask at the information desk and find out how you can explore the city and, in fact, the country to cram as much in while you\u2019re there.\nYou can transform your holiday into a truly epic adventure, so get out there and get that adrenaline pumping in these marvellous destinations! After all, you only live once", "t week of night-time \"call ins.\"\nA typical day of work was acquiring, processing and reporting inpatient samples by 9 a.m. Phlebotomists helped draw outpatient samples until lunchtime which allowed the technologists to concentrate on assaying these samples. After lunchtime, the technologists acquired and ran all samples. The staff left on a staggered schedule, thereby covering the lab until 6:30 pm, at which time one staff member was on call until 6:30 a.m. the next morning.\nCall-ins happened almost nightly, and many times happened several\ntimes a night", "What are some characteristics of the musical pieces performed by Theo Saunders and his ensemble in the description", "What activities can BMX enthusiasts participate in at Mellowpark in Berlin", "Solar water heating is the conversion of sunlight into heat for water heating using a solar thermal collector. A variety of configurations are available at varying cost to provide solutions in different climates and latitudes. SWHs a", "What types of services do the companies offer in the Greater Denver area"]}