{"q_indices": [53, 49, 43, 30, 12, 67, 76, 28, 78, 87, 37, 71, 36, 50, 94, 5, 103, 33, 66, 15, 7, 98, 27, 109, 89, 77, 44, 10, 26, 14, 88, 75, 107, 106, 54, 122, 29, 40, 6, 13, 73, 108, 91, 65, 70, 9, 105, 74, 0, 16, 3, 51, 84, 112, 47, 55, 116, 4, 69, 120, 63, 32, 60, 100], "a_indices": [34, 113, 41, 83, 79, 101, 39, 17, 111, 110, 57, 20, 1, 35, 86, 8, 24, 25, 123, 121, 19, 59, 92, 124, 80, 52, 58, 68, 23, 2, 93, 125, 97, 95, 96, 81, 64, 11, 104, 82, 99, 42, 46, 85, 21, 118, 127, 22, 119, 62, 18, 31, 114, 38, 90, 61, 102, 48, 126, 45, 56, 117, 115, 72], "texts": ["What are the typical applications for the Kyoshin Elle Leathercraft Pricking Iron Stitching Punching Tool", "So, a little blogging this morning followed by some pampering at the hairdressers followed by some lunch and an overly large glass of wine.\nI\u2019ve been playing around on the internet ever since, mainly Tumblr and Youtube and in doing so I found a couple of videos i\u2019d book marked a while ago.\nAnyone who reads my blog will know I currently have quite a thing for Domhnall Gleeson (second to Adam Driver) and that General Hux gets me quite hot under the collar.\nI also have a thing for Panic at the Disco. My current favourite car sounds that I loved to rock out to, especially when I\u2019m on my own.\nNow, one of my favourite Panic at the Disco tracks is Emperor\u2019s New Clothes.\nEvery word uttered in this track makes me think of General Hux because", "took during a shoot I did as an assignment of a friend of mine! This is Isabella, and all I can say is, wow, her eyes are amazing! Isabella was a really great model and I felt pretty proud with the outcome of the shoot. Enjoy", "What are some of the topics or items mentioned in the text segment", "What factors should individuals consider when choosing cosmetology schools in Grand Forks Air Force Base ND", "What features contribute to the durability and efficiency of the stainless steel appliance described in the text", "Who may cause trouble for Alex Parrish and Ryan Booth in Quantico Season 2", "What is the custom of Japanese people using strings to decorate gifts called, and what materials are used to make that string", "nters\n|Complete stainless steel construction\n||Stainless steel interior for durability and exterior for elegance\n|Ultra quiet performance\n||Advanced sound absorbing construction\n||Interior holds up to 12 standard place settings\n|Adjustable top rack\n||Easily rearrange racks to accommodate larger glasses and platters\n|Energy efficient design\n||WattSipper listed to perform using less energy and water than federal standards require\n|Removable cutlery basket\n||Separate your silverware for better cleaning\n|Three filter system\n||Thoughtfully designed to be tougher on food stains\n|Four wash settings\n||Get the right wash for each set\n||Specially designed for higher cup capacity", "What features make this bike suitable for a wide variety of riding styles, such as gravel rides and bikepacking", "What were the events where the Impacto essential was first premiered and demonstrated", "ith Feel It Again.\nReally hard to find a picture of this band. Lime were a Hi-NRG studio project (that's why the lack of pictures). Their biggest hit was Your Love, which was a #1 hit in the US Dance charts. Also another big hit from them was Unexpected Lovers. They definitely remain among the best of this genre, not only in Canada but all around the world, along with Trans-X (listed below).\nLoverboy were definitely the biggest AOR band from Canada. They were one of the lucky bands that had success since they started. Turn Me Loose was a big success, reaching the Top 10 in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, and also making it into the US Top 40. Their next album Get Lucky, found the band achieving massive success that they enjoyed till the end of the 80s. Unfortunately since the 80s ended they got lost from the spotlight. You know why.\nI guess this singer is pretty much forgotten nowadays (unfortunately), and she was a really hot babe back in the day! During the early 80s, she was part of a band named Luba as well, and they recorded a really underrated New Wave classic, called Chain Reaction. Her debut solo album Secrets And Sins was also really good, featuring the Power Ballad Everytime I See Your Picture Cry, and the minor Dance hit Let It Go. Her biggest success came in the late 80s, when her songs When A Man Loves A Woman and Giving Away A MIracle, reached the Canadian Top 10.\n13) Martha & The Muffins\nMartha & The Muffins, were more or less the Canadian version of Blondie. A New Wave band with a female vocalist. They had one of the strongest debuts with Metro Music featuring their biggest hit Echo Beach which was a UK Top 10 hit. Later under the name M+M, they scored their biggest hit in the US with Black Stations/White Stations which reached #2 in the US Dance charts. A really nice video was shot for this song.\n14) Aldo Nova\nAldo Nova is perhaps my favorite Canadian artist. I would say he is the man who set the basis of the Glam Metal sound, that it would explode in the mid-80s. Listen to his debut album, to see how 1984 it sounds. And it was released two years earlier, in 1982. Apart from his debut, he released the excellent albums, Subject...Aldo Nova and Twitch, and he was also a part in the making of Bon Jovi's debut. But what is disappointing in his career, is that he later became a Producer and a Songwriter for Celine Dion.\nPerhaps the biggest Progressive Rock band from Canada. Although they started as a more Traditional Rock band, they later evolved their sound into a more Progressive Rock direction, which was their golden period, and much later they could might be defined even as an AOR or as a Synth-Pop band. Perhaps Permanent Waves is their biggest album (and my favorite among their Progressive Rock period), featuring Spirit On The Radio, which was their biggest hit in the UK, reaching the Top 20 there.\nAnother successful Progressive Rock band from Canada, yet not as successful as Rush. What's more interesting here, is the fact that Saga, since the 90s despite losing popularity in their homeland, they remained moderately popular in Germany. Their most successful album, perhaps it would be Behaviour, even if it wasn't their most representative. This would be Images At Twilight.\nSheriff was one of those one-album bands, and a band that would meet huge success, after their break-up, when their single When I'm With You reached #1, seven years after its original release. This song although, overshadowed their whole album, which is pretty good and deserves a listen.\nA band featuring future Loverboy members, Paul Dean and Matt Frenette. Whilst they never had Loverboy's success, this band was one of the first liners among the Canadian AOR. Even though their success is minor, albums like Drugstore Dancer, Dancing With Danger and the compilation of unreleased material Buried Treasures as well, were first-class AOR albums, that could easily antagonize Loverboy's work.\nA Hi-NRG duo, mostly popular for their song Living On Video. Like Living On Video, this band had a fascination with futuristic/sci-fi lyrics and song titles, like 3D Dance, Digital World, 21st Century. Likewise their videos from Living On Video, 3D Dance and Message In Radio, were set into a futuristic environment.\nThere are not many Canadian Metal bands, but Triumph is definitely the most successful Metal band coming from Canada. Apart from their signature Hard Rock/Metal sound, Triumph had some involvement with the AOR genre, notably in The Sport Of Kings album. Differences within the band, made them lost momentum, falling apart, and breaking up as a result. If they didn't, then they actually might be equal rivals of bands like Metallica", "What aspects should be considered when choosing a truly dog-friendly holiday accommodation", "What transition happens in the middle of the season that makes it easier to follow", "Who was the model in the photoshoot described in the text", "What types of documents can be printed using Printer Pro", "What sizes are available for the prong numbers listed in the text", "ss to a child care facility.\nAccording to Michelle Pilon, a Sr. Project Manager at the Cohen Companies, Phase II of Union Place is \"currently on hold,\" but will ultimately feature 500 apartment units and 8,400 s.f. of commercial tenant space. Siegel indicated the group was working on drawings now for Phase II, but it sounds like neighbors at the Loree Grand won't have to worry about construction noise for a while.\nFacing the Loree is 1001 3rd St. NE, soon to be home to students of The Washington Center for Internships and Academic Seminars. The 140,000 s.f. project should deliver this April with 95 rental units and 14,000 s.f. for a state of the art auditorium, classroom space and one level of underground parking with 35 spaces for the swarms of interns who hit DC every year. The Washington Center purchased the property in January of last year for $8.2 million from Greenebaum and Rose. The sale also included designs for the six-story building by architects at Davis Carter Scott, whose plans needed only a few interior alterations to accommodate the student housing. According to Steve Griffin of Paradigm, the housing should be home to 1,200 students rotated throughout the year. Most units are two bedrooms, two baths at about 1,000 s.f. each; not too shabby for interns.\nIn 2003 Greenebaum and Rose bought the land which was once home to the Capitol Cab Company. The Davis Carter Scott plans, which were sold in 2009 along with the property, originally called for a $20 million, six story, 92,800-s.f. residential building. In May of 2008 Greenebaum and Rose partner, Sam Rose, told DCMud, \u201cFor now, it\u2019s a piece of land with a permit. We\u2019re not starting until the world looks prettier.\" It would seem that $8.2 million looked a lot prettier than a questionable condo project.\nThe two projects are huge improvements over the former cab company and what was at one time a major drug intersection. The Loree Grand is named after Loree Murray, a former area resident who founded Near Northeast Citizens Against Crime and Drugs to organize neighbors against the rampant cocaine trade and violence in the 1980s. The group aided the police in fighting against one of the biggest cocaine drug rings in DC that at one time operated at 2nd and K St NE, future home of urbanites and interns. Liz Price, President of the NoMa BID, said, \"all this residential is a new area for us. We're really excited to build residential density in this neighborhood.\"", "Buzz Putt is a print-and-play game about bees playing golf. Or something like that. \u2026 Read more.\nMeercat Golf Figurine Ridiculous Golf Item of the Week More Ridiculous Golf Items: \u2026 Read more.\nAline Golf Shoe Insoles Review Aline Golf Shoe Insoles Grade: A/C Teacher\u2019s Comments: An \u201cA\u201d \u2026 Read more.\nConfronting Sexism In Golf Push-back against the Boys Club mentality which infects so many \u2026 Read", "Delicate ornaments adorned with strings\nJapanese people have a custom of decorate gifts with strings called mizuhiki. Mizuhiki is a special string made by twisting a long and thin sheet of paper mixed with seaweed and white clay and hardened with paste. Kaga mizuhiki uses gold", "provoking religious groups with antireligious posters.\n\u201cInstead of kneeling in front of the bishops, you should all kneel before the victims of paedophile priests and beg for forgiveness! You have done nothing for the raped children for years and continue to do nothing!\u201d yelled MP Joanna Scheuring-Wielgus of the opposition party Spring before showing a map of the case of paedophilia in Poland in the Sejm. Ms Scheuring-Wielgus is running for the EP from Warsaw \u2013 the list of Spring, no.2.\nMicha\u0142 Szu\u0142drzy\u0144ski, a conservative journalist wrote in Rzeczpospolita that \u201cthe Church paedophilia film has surprised Law and Justice\u201d. On Saturday morning, hours before the Sekielski documentary is released, Jaros\u0142aw Kaczy\u0144ski is talking about the need to defend traditional values. Szu\u0142drzy\u0144ski: \u201cthe Kaczy\u0144ski party misses out the social mood\u201d and points out all the strategic mistakes and steps that the ruling party did. He concludes: \u201cthe European Coalition lead by Grzegorz Schetyna just caught a second breath\u201d and \u201cSchetyna paraphrased Kaczy\u0144ski words, when the PiS leader was saying a hand raised against the Church is a hand raised against Poland. The European Coalition leader in response to the documentary said, that the hand raised against the Polish state belongs to the one who raises it against a Polish child\u201d.\nI agree with Mr Szu\u0142drzy\u0144ski. Law and Justice misinterpreted the gravity of the Sekielski documentary. The final 10 days ahead of the elections is a moment when Law and Justice has additional problems to motivate their electorate to come out and vote. Their general support may not be evaporating as fast, but the willingness to go out and vote for the reactionary force may be softened.\nIf Law and Justice stalls and potentially is set to lose out, who wins? The European Coalition is quick to respond properly, says Mr Szu\u0142drzy\u0144ski. Yet there is the third party of Robert Biedro\u0144, the Spring, who is the most credible with secularisation. Ms Scheuring-Wielgus has been raising the issue for months; she arose to prominence when she handed in the report on paedophilia in the Polish Church to Pope Francis, who embraced the victim of paedophilia Marek Lisi\u0144ski, head of the foundation \u201cDo Not Be Afraid\u201d back in February. Mr Lisi\u0144ski travelled to Rome with MP Scheuring-Wielgus.\nThe issue is bigger that the current EP campaign and most likely will overshadow the rest of the remaining period. Every day new victims come out with their stories and the media are fully reporting on the issue. The group of people who are in denial is cracking. Since the head of the Catholic Church in Poland is no longer in that group alongside many bishops, it will be very difficult for the ruling party to deny the problem. The problem not being the paedophilia, but the Church cover up of paedophilia.\nIn a normal country MEP candidate Saryusz-Wolski should be forced to apologize for his words and MEP Ryszard Legutko, who has been PiS leader in the EP, should be removed from the ranks.\nYet there is another twist to the politics of the situation. The \u201chard core\u201d deniers of the Confederation are raising their heads. They, too, can benefit from the softening of the message of the Church, and potentially Law and Justice. A former MEP Janusz Korwin-Mikke expressed some understanding for the paedophiles", "Availability: In Stock\n|49cm||Call to Order||In Stock|\n|52cm||Call to Order||Call to Order|\n|54cm||In Stock||In Stock|\n|56cm||Call to Order||In Stock|\n|58cm||Call to Order||In Stock|\n|61cm||Call to Order||Call to Order|\nThe Checkpoint SL 5 is a carbon gravel bike made for epic all-road adventures. It's built with a full Shimano 105 drivetrain and hydraulic disc brakes, but the defining feature of this model is the lightweight OCLV Carbon frame with IsoSpeed, a decoupler at the top tube/seat tube junction that provides additional compliance over rough terrain so you can stay stronger for longer.\nChamois or cut-off shorts, bikepacking trip or brutal day of gravel racing \u2013 you're going to ride far, go fast and have a great time. You'd rather spend your money on a lightweight carbon frame than a top-of-the-line drivetrain, but you still expect your workhorse gravel bike to perform. You want a bike that's both fast and comfortable, and you want endless carrying options for gravel races and everyday adventures.\nA 500 Series OCLV Carbon frame with Rear IsoSpeed, powerful flat-mount hydraulic disc brakes, a full 2x11 Shimano 105 groupset and 700x35 Schwalbe TL-EX G-One Tubeless Ready gravel tyres. Checkpoint SL 5 also has Control Freak internal cable routing, an alloy seatmast cap, Carbon Armour to protect your frame against debris, 12 mm thru axles and Stranglehold dropouts that make it easy to fine-tune your geometry or run singlespeed.\nLight, fast, comfortable. The Checkpoint SL 5 is a carbon gravel bike that nails this trifecta. A quality groupset, massive tyre clearance, options for carrying gear, an OCLV Carbon frame with IsoSpeed and a ride quality that can't be matched.\n|Th", "ry for Inkling Magazine last week. Weiss had three hypotheses about why the caterpillars expelled their frass: The frass could be unhygienic; the sheer volume of frass could crowd a caterpillar out of its home; or frass might attract predators.\nTo test the first hypothesis, Weiss collected butterflies from campus and raised some of their offspring in clean cages, while allowing frass to accumulate in the others\u2019 homes. Even though the \u201cdirty\u201d cages showed signs of poor sanitation, with fungus growing on the frass within days, there was no discernible difference between either group of offspring\u2019s development. So apparently the frass isn\u2019t ejected for hygienic purposes.\nIn a separate study, Weiss had shown that she could induce the caterpillars to abandon their nests and build new ones by stuffing them half-full with frass, so clearly caterpillars don\u2019t like crowding. But does this process actually come at a biological cost to the caterpillars? Weiss forced caterpillars to build new nests at different rates: every one, two, three, or four days, while again measuring their growth rate. The difference between the groups was barely discernible, so frass isn\u2019t getting tossed to relieve crowding or reduce the caterpillars\u2019 homebuilding burden. This left only the third hypothesis: Could caterpillar frass attract predators?\nPaper wasps commonly prey on caterpillars, so Weiss took empty caterpillar nests and attached either frass or similar-looking glass beads to them, then placed them in a cage with paper wasps. The wasps were attracted to the frass-bearing nests, but not the bead-bearing nests. So Weiss\u2019 careful research finally had its payoff: caterpillars shoot their poo at least partially to throw predators off their trail! The study was published in Ecology Letters in 2003.\nThis explanation is unlikely to hold for penguins, though. Adelies breed in large colonies, readily perceived by predators. Indeed, the profuse quantities of poo produced by Adelies enable scientists to view their colonies from space!\nOver the decades, poo has been an amazingly fruitful way for researchers to learn more about animal behavior. For more on poo, try searching for related terms on ResearchBlogging.org.\nDave Munger is editor of ResearchBlogging.org, where you can find thousands of blog posts on this and myriad other topics. Each week, he writes about recent posts on peer-reviewed research from across the blogosphere. See previous Research Blogging columns \u00bb\nOriginally published August 25, 2010", "We are so close to the new year I can almost feel it\u2019s potential with my own hands! I recently finished a photography class elective and I really learned a lot from it. So, for this post I\u2019ll be featuring a few of the photos I", "Ghana as an investment destination\nGhana is well endowed with natural resources, which makes it a natural destination for several companies and investors from developed markets looking for raw materials to feed their industries.\nFactors that will stimulate deal flow for various investors and provide attractive investment destinations include:\n- Conducive business environment including significant government incentives for the private sector.\n- A dynamic private sector willing to form strong collaboration with foreign partners to explore synergies, which include human capital development, export opportunities, access to capital, transfer of technology, etc.\n- Increasing s", "pending power of the middle class.\n- Promising business prospects from oil production.\n- Excellent sea and air connections with Europe, USA and China.\n- Ghana has a developing venture capital industry rising to 67th position in the World Economic Forum Global Competitiveness Report\n- Ghana ranked 7th in the annual index of African Governance Report.\n- 0% Tax on all investment income for 5 years, losses can be carried forward for additional 5 years\n- 100 % of investment proceeds can be repatriated out of the country with no restrictions.\n- GAX Ghana\u2019s alternative stock exchange designed for SME\u2019s with high growth potential and provides an exit platform for business angels", "What hobby does the writer mention trying to improve by taking a class", "What does the saying 'Water does not get bitter without a cause' imply about actions and their reasons", "What are the key features of the new 1001 3rd St. NE project, and what is its purpose", "What were some notable music statistics or characteristics of Bryan Adams as a Canadian artist", "What is the normal cost of the Vine Oh! subscription and what discount can be used for new subscribers", "more.\nCobra King F8 Driver The Cobra King F8 driver features: Precision milled face is CNC \u2026 Read more.\nMichigan POY: Patrick Sullivan is top Junior Boy FARMINGTON HILLS \u2013 Patrick Sullivan was a \u2026 Read more.\nGOLFER\u2019S HYMN A BAG of clubs, a dimpled ball. Fair verdant greens, that rise and \u2026 Read more.\nTaylorMade Tour Preferred 5 X Golf Ball The TaylorMade Tour Preferred 5x golf balls \u2026 Read more", "What is the title of the poetry collection authored by Caswell, and when was it published", "What recent economic opportunities does Ghana offer for investors", "Having taken some time off recently, it\u2019s nice to step back into the world of social media and blogging after completely unplugging. It puts some of the obsessive frenzy of social media consumption into perspective, particularly if you\u2019ve spent part of your time off lounging by a Great Lake to a multi-hued sunset with a breeze in your face and sand between your toes.\nIt makes you realize that everything has its place. As many wonderful times as I had while away, I rarely felt compelled to capture and report them via social media. (I think the most-used apps on my phone during my time away were the Camera app, Instagram, and Waze, haha!) Yes, I made the occasional Facebook status update but I barely checked my Twitter feed and didn\u2019t even think about my blog. Decompressing is a beautiful thing, and we should all take more time out for it.\nYou get the impression, especially from Twitter, that if you slow down at all then you\u2019re out of the game. Perhaps that\u2019s why you see some of the heaviest tweeters re-posting former blog posts, past", "you just know he has the title of \u2018Emperor\u2019 in his sights.\nIt has become his theme song in my head, so imagine how I felt when I discovered this on Youtube!!!\nThank you \u2018All-Things-Geeky\u2018 on Youtube.\nI also book marked this a while back which just sums up Domhnall Gleeson.\nThat scowel, knee high boots and leather gloves will never be boring. Unfortunately I think that the good General will be going down with his ship in the next movie. If he survives VIII he certainly won\u2019t make it to the end of Episode IX.\nRight, time for a long walk to make up for that glass of wine.\nI\u2019ve just realised I\u2019ve done it again\u2026. Panic at the Disco in the same post as One Direction!!! My daughter\u2019s are going to kill me!!\nCategories: General diary entrie", "What song does the author associate with General Hux", "What significant impact did the documentary 'Tell No One' have on the perception of paedophilia in the Catholic Church in Poland", "his earth will matter anymore, all those hours I spent playing video games, or practicing my cello, or trying to get money will be worthless. I realized I need to be more intentional in my walk with God, and I need to have my devotion be with God as well, because in the end, all that is something that will last in heaven.\nDuring our regular Friday fellowship, Keystone has discussed wanting to know God more. To be more precise, we somewhat regressed to wanting to want to know God more. We thought that, the prospect of having God in our lives was enough to inspire anyone to read His Word and follow him, but for some reason many of us still had problems getting motivated reading the Bible. Intentionality means to be deliberate or purposive about something. If we are not intentional about wanting to connect with God, we will get nowhere if we are forcing ourselves to read the Bible or devotionals. A lot of us realized that our problem was that maybe we didn\u2019t even want to want God more. We\u2019ve been so desensitized to all of these spiritual things that we might be struggling to find ways that God\u2019s Word excited us. I\u2019m not sure how to solve this problem but it is something we should work towards.\nThe highlight of the weekend came after the session Saturday night and we had small group time. Most of my other Keystone people had gone with Pastor John on some prayer journey. A lot my spiritual struggles at that point had to do with me not being able to see and appreciate God\u2019s love in everyday things. I had begun to lose faith in God\u2019s ability to change my own heart and I felt really lost a lot of the time. During my small group discussion though, I got to sit and talk with a few members of college and careers about my own personal struggles with family relations, and also my own feelings about what Pastor John had said that night. It was pretty incredible to me how receptive they were and how caring they could be to just a kid. Even going into the night, having someone be able to talk to me about some struggles I was having, was very touching as well. I realized as this was happening, the place I could see God the most in, was through the actions of others. I could tangibly see the effect of God\u2019s love through the way they treated me and this deeply impacted me. There is no doubt to me God is working through our church. Every week I see acts of love and people who praise and worship God with such intent I wonder how anyone who comes into our church can\u2019t feel the love of God. I\u2019m slightly disappointed in myself that it took me this long to feel and really experience God\u2019s love like this, but this retreat experience made it well worth it and I don\u2019t think I\u2019ll forget about it anytime soon.", "Union Station's finally getting new neighbors as NoMa's very first new residential developments approach completion. The Loree Grand, the first phase of the planned Union Place development, brings 212 new rental units to 250 K St., NE. The building, which began construction in July 2007, is on track to be ready for occupants by March or April. Next door Paradigm Development is hard at work on The Washington Center student housing also slated for April delivery. The new NoMa residents will have gobs of transportation options including the metro, Marc and Amtrak lines, buses, the new bikestation and, if the street cars ever get worked out, a short ride to the H Street/Atlas District. The two new residential elements will be joined by Constitution Square, which is also expected to be finished in 2010. It's looking to be a good year for NoMa.\nLoree Grand developer, the Cohen Companies, purchased the land for just over $1 million and has spent $45 million on construction costs with ADC Builders and GTM Architects, the general contractor and architect, respectively. The bulk of the 212 units are variations on 1-bedroom apartments with the remaining 30 units built to 2-bedroom configurations. The Loree Grand will also offer 30 affordable apartments, likely to go to artists, arts administrators, and arts educators thanks to a partnership with the Cultural Development Corporation. Though not certified officially green, the building features a green roof with self-sustaining plant life, but makes up for it with 173 parking spaces in two below-grade levels and an additional 39 spaces on an adjoining surface parking lot.\nThe Loree sits on the corner of 3rd and K Streets with 10 stories at 90ft on the corner stepping down to 7 stories at 60ft on the north end. The design features three shades of brick with precast concrete trim-work and detailing. The the first two floors reflect traditional Washington row house designs, with unit entrances fronting K Street and 3rd Street that will also be accessible from the interior.\nThe building includes amenities such as a 2,000-s.f. private fitness center and 1,500-s.f. \"party room\". On the ground floor at 3rd and K sits approximately 3,700 s.f. of retail space, which Eric Siegel, Executive VP at the Cohen Companies, says he hopes to fill with a food/wine/coffee shop along the lines of Tryst in Adams Morgan. When(ever) the second phase of Union Place finishes, residents will also have acce", "What was the biggest hit of the band Lime and how did it perform on the US charts", "Wouldn\u2019t be awesome if there was subscription box that\u2019ll send you 2 bottles of wine as well as fun, rejuvenating, and delicious surprises 4 times a year?\nOh wait, there is! Hello Vine Oh!\nVine Oh! is a women\u2019s lifestyle box that encourages you to relax, recharge, and and unwind.\nInside each quarterly box, you\u2019ll receive 2 bottles of premium custom wine as well as 5-6 handpicked items just for you.\nThe crazy part is that each box is valued at over $120+ but you can get it for only $59.99 (or cheaper thanks to our killer discount below), which is a steal.\nThe kind folks at Vine Oh! sent me a box to review so here are my thoughts\u2026\nVine Oh! Review and Unboxing\nHere\u2019s what came inside my Vine Oh! box:\nHere\u2019s what came inside the Vine portion of the box.\nTwo bottles of custom wine ($19 to $28 each).\nHere\u2019s what came inside the Oh! portion of the box:\n- Chive Vase ($25)\n- Mixture Candle ($20)\n- Dana Herbert Eye Pillow ($20)\n- Dutch House Caramels ($6)\n- Capabunga ($5)\n- Product inform", "it pixel monster. Sounds intriguing...\nAnd that's not all Nintendo is offering Cube owners either. No, we don't just mean Twilight Princess - there's a stack of new games on the way from the big N and a host of third-party publishers.\nThese include Over the Hedge, Disney's Meet the Robinsons, Tomb Raider Legend, Lego Star Wars II, The Ant Bully, DK Bongo Blast, Super Monkey Ball Adventure, Open Season, Splinter Cell: Double Agent, Rayman and The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning, to name but a few.\nThere may not be many genre defining or jaw dropping titles on that list, but at least it looks like there's a little while to go before Nintendo finally slaps a 'Do not resuscitate' sticker on the poor old GameCube", "What items are included in the Vine Oh! subscription box", "What high-resolution audio formats does the Impacto essential support and what is its main technology component", "ct to the society and people get to know more about how they can improve the living situations of the people around them. Amateur dramatics of giving people hope that they can become whatever they want in their acting industry since they\u2019re able to get the skills they need and even have an opportunity to perform for a real crowd at the end of the day.\nAlways ensure you are able to convince a crowd with your acting skills is important because people will see how passionate you are about your career and they will have that interest to come to the theatre and see you perform again. Amateur dramatics of giving people an opportunity to get rid of the fear of acting in front of a large crowd and there are able to concentrate on their talent which can pay off since you never can predict the future.\nWhen you are looking for the best theatre it is important to ask around from people close to you since they have been in the town for a long time and can provide more information about the best theatre. When you enrol in any better it is important to ask around about the charges they have for practising in the facility plus you can look around for any better that provides free entry for anybody who wants to sharpen their skills", "Some weddings include a porta potty as part of the decor, but the bride may not want the portable toilets to be visible. These clunky structures look out of place in a beautifully landscaped outdoor space. Brides have chosen to hide them with clever decorations, such as a dresser full of toilet paper or trash receptacles. Other couples simply place them under a tree or place them in an otherwise unused area.\nPorta potties are not always a source of unsightliness. However, some homeowners can make the enclosure more aesthetically pleasing. One way to make a porta potty look more appealing and more comfortable is to put in some flowers or potted plants. Then, use the plants and flowers to disguise the porta potty\u2019s enclosure. It won\u2019t be as obtrusive as you think, and everyone will appreciate having their privacy.\nPorta potties don\u2019t have to be unsightly. You can cover them with flowers or a potted plant. This will help make the porta potty less noticeable. In addition, a porta-potty that\u2019s surrounded by flowers is a great way to make it more appealing to guests. You can also choose a color that blends in with your surroundings.\nA couple who wanted to hide their porta potty used an old panel of fencing and an old worn door to cover it. By painting it white, they created a decorative wall that\u2019s functional and attractive. In addition to a decorative wall, this wall also provides a mirror for the ladies to check their makeup before entering the restroom. They also created a more attractive and more functional environment for their guests.\nBesides using a potted plant, you can even conceal the porta potty with a beautiful panel of fencing. In addition to keeping the porta potty out of sight, you can also hide it behind a decorative wall. A panel of fencing or an old door can be painted black, and the door can be covered with paint to blend with the rest of the room. A good place f", "What impact has Gabor Zolyomi's tattoo work had on the evolution of modern illustrative tattoos", "Jobs in 2012||+ 663300|\n|Occupational Outlook Increase, 2012-22||+13%|\n|Occupations Increase thru 2012 \u2013 2022||83300|\nO*Net Online anticipates that the need for beauticians in North Dakota will reach all-time highs in the next few years. The rise in new jobs for beauticians are predicted to increase across the country by the year 2020 and in North Dakota. For individuals who want to begin working as a beautician in Grand Forks Air Force Base ND, you can see that the increasing demand is very much to your benefit.\nThe Subject Areas Included in Cosmetologist Schools in Grand Forks Air Force Base ND\nDeciding on which school to go to is generally an individual choice, however there are a few items you should be aware of before picking beauty schools. Once you start looking around, you will discover a lot of training programs, but what do you have to watch out for when selecting cosmetology training? Any schools that you plan to register for have to be endorsed by a national regulatory organization such as the North Dakota State Board . Right after checking the accreditation status, you will need to investigate a little bit deeper to make certain the training program you want can provide you with the right training.\n- If it has a job assistance service\n- Number of students completing the license test\n- Just what are the prerequisites to sign up to the program?\nWhen cosmetologist training colleges tell you they offer comprehensive beauty programs, it usually implies the instructing regarding hair-styling, beauty, finger and toe nail care, and then cosmetics is actually readily available within one wide-ranging training course.\nCosmetology Schools Coach Enrollees a Bunch of Proficiencies to Help you\nBeauty school students learn how to make use of the skill sets learned for clients by means of group in-class lessons, the particular issued textbooks, in addition to hands-on training, practicing in salons for students.\nThe course curriculum plan will without a doubt be different from state to state, nonetheless a cosmetology program student ought to graduate from their course with a deep expertise in the many areas of the cosmetologist industry, but students are definitely able to specialize in a certain area or service.\nBeing Prepared for a New Career!\nApplying the advice we\u2019ve supplied, you are now prepared to choose cosmetology schools and begin your career as a cosmetologist", "What does the author express excitement about pursuing after their vacation", "What themes or emotions does the author express regarding the character of the General in the movies", "What notable equipment features are mentioned for the Cobra King F8 driver", "ios.com ReadyRatios produces a complete financial analysis of your statements. Software for the intelligent financial analysis online. Financial Analysis Software | Financial Analysis | Financial Statements\nwritinghelp-central.com Need some practical writing help? Getting started writing can be tough. A few practical tips and examples can help you get going. Writinghelp-central.com is the one-stop gateway to help you with personal, business and educational writing.\nbravelets.com Bravelets stylish cause jewelry is made to help people be brave during tough times. $10 from every purchase is donated to the associated cause. Wear a Bravelets bracelet and be brave!\naboutemeraldjewelry.com Aboutemeraldjewelry informs about natural emerald jewelry including rings, earrings and necklaces and provide exciting deals and offers of emerald jewelry.\nmynamenecklace.co.uk My Name Necklace offers Name Necklaces and Personalised Jewellery. Free Delivery and Safe Online Shopping!\nessayedge.com EssayEdge provides Ivy-league essay editing services for college, grad, MBA and medical school personal statements, letters of recommendation, academic essays, and statements of purpose.\nglow.co.uk THE GLOW COMPANY Glow Sticks Glowsticks Glow Necklaces UK Glow in the Dark Flashing Novelties Wholesale Glow Sticks UV Glow Gadgets Lava Lamps Torches Candles Home Lighting\nQueries related to Statement necklace\nstatement necklaces, statement necklace trend, diy black statement necklace, gold statement necklace, penne statement necklace, spring 2012 trend of statement necklaces, purple statement necklace, big statement necklaces, bubble statement necklace, statement necklaces 2012, black beaded statement necklace, hand made statement necklaces 2012, diy statement necklace, turquoise statement necklace, stunning statement necklace, bella thorne statement necklace, how to make your own statement necklace, marisol statement necklace in fern, emerald jcrew statement necklace hart of dixie, statement necklace in nigeria", "What does the author realize about social media consumption after taking time off", "What trend is observed regarding the availability and recognition of naturopathic doctors in Canada", "What type of tattoo designs does Gabor Zolyomi specialize in, and how do they differ from traditional styles preferred by older collectors", "In \"Epiphanette,\" Woodinville poet Dennis Caswell speculates on what happens to the \"carefree cognitive tumbleweed\" of his baby daughter's mind when it \"is struck by the SUV of enlightenment\" in the form of a little epiphany.\nAlready she baby-knows:\nA dance you learn; the dancer you're stuck to.\nCaswell was recorded as part of the Jack Straw Writers Program, and \"Epiphanet", "11 May 2019, the Tomasz and Marek Sekielski documentary about the paedophilia in the Catholic Church in Poland is released. No major TV wanted to produce it, so the journalist Tomasz Sekielski and his brother collected the necessary resources via crowd founding site and released the documentary on YouTube.\n16 May 2019, the documentary \u201cTell No One\u201d has been watched 16 million times. You can watch it here with English subtitles:\nThe real problem\nThe impact this movie has is enormous. It is impossible to predict the full scale effect of the wave it has ignited. The chain of events is very fast.\nIf you see this movie you know, that the problem addressed in the Sekielskis\u2019 documentary is not paedophilia. It is the Catholic Church cover up of paedophiles among priests.\nThe bishops of the Catholic Church are apologetic. Even archbishop S\u0142awoj Leszek G\u0142\u00f3d\u017a, who was initially dismissive of the documentary, is apologetic now. The leading voice belongs to the country\u2019s primate Wojciech Polak: this film is \u201can element of crushing down of this reality\u201d.\n\u201cThe reality\u201d is a reality in which there is a system of cover up, a system where the victims are left alone and left oppressed not to tell. A system in which the Catholic Church is proven a wrong doing and requires soul searching and change.\nCan the change be generated from within the Catholic Church in Poland or it requires an external pressure? Vatican sends archbishop Charles Scicluna, who has been sent before to Chile to help the local degenerated clergy to come to terms with their past. Now the Vatican seems to be deeply worried with the situation in the Polish Catholic Church.\nThere is a major difference between those who saw the documentary and whose who did not see it. Those who did not see it are in a state of denial. Those who saw it are in a state of shock.\nLaw and Justice (PiS), the ruling party, tries to spin the debate to talk about paedophilia. The millions who have seen the documentary cannot be moved, for the problem is not the general paedophilia, but elsewhere.\nIt is quite telling that the initial reactions of the bishops (apologetic) are more proper that the reactions of the PiS politicians. Two of the leading PiS MEP candidates have had disqualifying statements in this context:\nFirst, Jacek Saryusz-Wolski, PiS candidate in Warsaw on public TV: \u201cIt is a baffled problem, specifically invented, to provoke [\u2026]. The European Coalition has nothing to say on European issues, and therefore deals with what it should not do\u201d.\nSecond, Ryszard Legutko, PiS candidate (no. 2) in Krak\u00f3w claims that Church\u2019s problem is homosexuality. Then, he says, \u201cMore than 80 percent of cases of abuse refer to boys from 12 to 17 years of age, well sorry about what is paedophilia? It is not paedophilia, it is simply pederasty\u201d.\nThe ruling party wants to change the penal code, too. The sentence for the crime of paedophilia will be 30 years, children will be protected until the age of 16, and Zbigniew Ziobro, the justice minister and a former MEP: \u201cThere will be no time limitation to punish someone for raping a child\u201d.\nThe problem is not in the law, the problem is with the application of the law. There is no image of the police arresting priests accused of paedophilia on TVs. There are images of the police arresting activists for", "Impacto Essential \u2013 Digital-Analog Converter in Headphone Cable\n< Newsroom | Posted: Wednesday April 12, 2017\nSound enthusiasts chose high-end headphones like the T 1 or T 5 p models from beyerdynamic expecting to get the highest quality experiences, not always provided by the sound source. In order to enable the best possible playback quality from portable devices such as notebooks or smartphones, beyerdynamic has developed the Impacto essential hi-res Digital to analog converter (DAC), which connects directly to USB interfaces.\nThe new mobile USB DAC was designed to be inserted in the audio transmission chain, between the player and headphone or computer. The Impacto essential elegant casing is barely larger than a cable remote control, while the digital-analog converter with built-in headphone amplifier also provides buttons for volume, play/pause and skipping tracks, allowing full control of music playback form the source device.\nThe technology inside the Impacto essential includes an ESS Technology\u2019s SABRE9018Q2C System-On-a Chip Sabre32 Mobile Reference DAC that is able to decrypt high-resolution audio signals up to a resolution of 32 bits and 384kHz, while this device class typically achieves maximum values of 24 bit/192 kHz. The new beyerdynamic compact USB DAC even supports DSD signals (Direct Stream Digital) of up to 5.6 megahertz, allowing users to enjoy DSD files in a simple setup.\nTechnically, the Impact essential is able to provide an output signal of 50 mW with 32 \u03a9 headphones or 7 mW with more demanding 600 \u03a9 models, with 121 dB signal to noise ratio (A-weighted), 0.002 % THD and a crucial 97 dB channel separation. Thanks to its integrated and practically noise-free amplifier, the small and extremely light DAC is ideal for use with low- and", "leaf and silver leaf abundantly, and it is knitted skillfully into shapes of pine, bamboo, and plum trees, cranes, or tortoises that are considered as bringers of good luck. Kaga mizuhiki is indispensable to auspicious occasions, such as ceremonial exchanges of betrothal gifts.", "What does Selena Gomez express about her feelings towards fame in her interview", "r Zolyomi's work is some of the most amazing stuff out there and it is a real treat to share with you, tattoo lovers, these rad tattoos.\nConsisting mostly of organic subject matter, these fine lined tattoos appeal to younger collectors since most of the old timers prefer the old school style of tattooing. But that doesn't mean these designs don't make great tattoos, they simply appeal to a different type of clientele. Fine lines and solid blacks make Gabor Zolyomi's work solid and stay strong under the skin. The execution of each tattoo is clean and solid, while the subject matter and compositions are cleverly done.\nWant more animal tattoos? Illustrative Wildlife Linework Tattoos by Pablo Puentes", "ailable prong numbers and sizes (each sold separately):\n- 1-Prong (3mm, 4mm, 5mm, 6mm)\n- 2-Prong (3mm, 4mm, 5mm, 6mm)\n- 3-Prong (3mm, 4mm, 5mm, 6mm)\n- 4-Prong (3mm, 4mm, 5mm, 6mm)\n- 6-Prong (3mm, 4mm, 5mm)\nPlease keep in mind that the professional nature of this product needs extra attention. Always use a soft-headed hammer and gently tap it into your leatherwork; when removing, always take it straight out of your leatherwork; never rock it side to side to release it as this might break the prongs. Avoid using leather that is so thick that it is hard to extract, a larger pricking iron is recommended when working with leather thick enough that this tool may be difficult to remove. Keep this tool away from other tools or solid objects. Never drop or strike this tool on a hard surface.\nPlease note that the prongs on this tool are highly tempered, which makes them extremely strong but also slightly brittle, so that overstressed prongs will break off rather than bend. This is by design, as bent prongs of poorer quality pricking irons deform more quickly, potentially damaging your leatherwork by generating permanent uneven stitch holes if the bent prongs go unchecked.\nThis listing is for a Kyoshin Elle Pricking Iron 6x4mm only. Photos showing other tools and materials are for illustrative purposes only.\nPhotos with background grids are measured in millimetres, with each square representing one square millimetre.\n|Net weight||58 g", "What metaphor does Dennis Caswell use to describe his daughter's mind experiencing an epiphany in 'Epiphanette'", "US and UK were the countries that always dominated the music scene. But what about other English-spoken countries like Canada or Australia? Let's have a look at Canadian artists first.\nUsually, when someone mentions about Canadian artists, those that come to your mind are Bryan Adams, Celine Dion (the worst artist Canada has ever produced in my opinion), or Justin Bieber. But apart from them, there are tons of other great artists from this region, with bigger, smaller or no success at all.\n(In alphabetical order)\n1) Bryan Adams\nGuess he is the most successful Rock artist coming from Canada, with huge success in the 80s and 90s, and some in the 00s by some degree. He is also a photographer. His biggest album would definitely be Reckless, which was #1 in Canada and in the US as well, and sure his best one. But his most successful song is (Everything I Do) I Do It For You, a #1 hit in more than ten countries. Personally I preferred the Do I Have To Say The Words? instead, more better than Everything I Do...\nNot much known are about this band, apart from the fact they released an AOR album in 1986, without any significant commercial success. Still this album deserves a listen. Too bad it lost in obscurity.\nOne of the last good AOR/Hard Rock before the Grunge kids came into the music scene, and destroy everything with their miserable music and lyrics. This band was a collaboration, of members from Sheriff (see below), and Heart. Together they scored a huge hit with More Than Words Can Say (#1 in Canada and #2 in the US), and released one of the greatest albums of the 90s, their Self-Titled debut.\n4) Leonard Cohen\nApart from his involvement in music business, he is also known as a poet, and also his involvement with politics and religion (at one point of his life during the 90s, he was a Buddhist monk). He started his music career at an older age, unlike most musicians/singers (he was in his 30s already), and his albums were highly praised among reviewers. Although I don't like his overall style (too croonerish for my taste), I liked some stuff he did in the 80s (God bless 80s music production! ) like First We Take Manhattan and Everybody Knows. What is also notable, is the fact that he is older than almost any other artist, being currently active, still he managed to conquer the #1 spot in albums charts, in four different countries, with his latest album Popular Problems, being 80 years old himself by then.\n5) Coney Hatch\nIs there any more underrated Hard Rock band? I don't think so. Despite having their debut album produced by Kim Mitchel from Max Webster, who held a high reputation at the time, they didn't receive neither critical acclaim nor commercial success. Their debut album is among the early 80s Hard Rock masterpieces, which was both cutting edge and catchy at the same time. It also produced a Canadian Top 20 Hit called Hey Operator, which was covered by Aldo Nova the next year.\n6) Glass Tiger\nPerhaps the biggest Rock band in Canada between the late 80s and early 90s. Although they released only three albums in their career, all of them became highly successful, with The Thin Red Line being one of the strongest debuts coming from a Rock band ever. Also the very good Simple Mission which saved the day, since 1991 was a very bad year in music. You know why. Don't Forget Me (When I'm Gone), is their biggest hit which was #1 in Canada and #2 in the US, featuring Bryan Adams on backing vocals.\nDespite the fact they never managed to reach any amount of commercial success, the band is still active, and they are still touring, making themselves more like a cult band. They haven't released many albums, during their existence for four decades, but all the albums they released are pretty good, with Love Crimes being their best.\n8. Corey Hart\nAlthough Corey Hart had big success in Canada, and in the US as well, this guy for some reason, didn't gain any attention in the UK. Since the late 80s, Corey Hart's popularity in the US started to decline, but still remained popular in his homeland through the years. Definitely his best albums are First Offense and Boy In The Box, featuring the classic hits Sunglasses At Night and Never Surrender respectively. Classic albums among, what we would call Dance Rock.\n9) Honeymoon Suite\nHoneymoon Suite is the best Glam Metal band, Canada has ever produced. Although they started as a Power Pop/New Wave band (their debut album features that style) later they developed their Glam Metal sound, they started in New Girl Now and Burning In Love, two songs from their debut. Their second album The Prize, brought them to the Canadian Top 10, in the albums chart, and scoring a US Top 40 hit w", "What are some methods suggested for concealing a porta potty in a garden setting", "What functionality does the Printer Pro app provide for users with iPhone or iPad", "What types of accommodations does Pets Pyjamas offer for dog-friendly travel", "high-impedance headphones. Still, according to beyerdynamic, three icons from its current portfolio are suitable playing partners, including the present T 1 (2nd generation) reference headphone, its portable variant the T 5 p (2nd generation) and the new Amiron home Tesla high-end open headphones. All three models have jack plugs on the earcups on both sides \u2013 a requirement for connecting the Impacto essential directly.\nThe new Impacto essential was also design to work with all types of USB host or \u201cUSB On-The-Go\u201d interfaces existing in computers and portable players. Three connection cables are included: the version with the larger plug (USB-A) is primarily intended for notebooks and PCs; the Micro-USB connector normally available on classic Android devices; and the increasingly used USB type C connector, already present in modern smartphones, tablets and new laptops. According to the German brand, a separate solution for Apple\u2019s Lightning connector is under way.\nOnce connected, the digital-analog converter handles the player\u2019s full audio signal processing. This means that the sound quality no longer depends on the components of the playback device. Instead, the DAC converts the high-resolution music data back to analog format and amplifies it \u2013 with a precision that takes full advantage of the acoustic potential of the beyerdynamic headphones. The Impacto essential DAC also features a LED indicator to signal if the player is indeed sending high-resolution audio information.\nThe Impacto essential had its world premi\u00e8re at the end of April 2017, at the Tokyo Headphone Festival, and was also demonstrated at the High End show in Munich, in May 2017. It will be now available for 329 euros in authorised specialist stores or directly on beyerdynamic\u2019s website.", "What are the benefits of training in an amateur theatre for aspiring actors", "What are the key features of the Checkpoint SL 5 gravel bike", "What issues has MP Joanna Scheuring-Wielgus specifically raised regarding the Catholic Church and its response to paedophilia in Poland", "ngle thing.\u201d\n\u201cI think I\u2019ve actually given enough of myself, if that makes sense. I feel within my music, and even how I handle myself in interviews, people think they know, but they really actually don\u2019t\u2026 In a way, I like to keep myself a little bit private, but at the same time people do assume things.\u201d\nSo, you are private but you still give info but you\u2019ve given enough info even though people think you haven\u2019t? Or something? I mean, I\u2019m not a total imbecile and I do get what she\u2019s going for here, but was there not a more succinct and direct way of going about it? Lord. I feel like I\u2019m reading my journals from when I was 14", "What is the title of the new Mario game exclusively available on GameCube", "What were the three hypotheses Weiss proposed about the reasons caterpillars expel their frass", "How would a medieval businessman view modern capitalist practices, according to Professor Stokes", "What are the key features and amenities of The Loree Grand residential development in NoMa", "What type of jewelry does Aboutemeraldjewelry focus on selling", "What is methionine\u2013enkephalin and what role does it play in the brain", "Guide to Choosing a Dog-Friendly Holiday\nUpdated: Apr 6, 2022\nSmart Bark is supported by its audience. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Learn more\nWhat should we be looking for when booking a dog-friendly holiday? How do we know that our dog will be welcomed, not simply tolerated?\nA trip to the local pub or even a long lunch wouldn\u2019t be complete without a canine companion, with up to 1 million monthly Google searches for dog friendly pubs, cafes and holidays in the UK. I probably don't need to tell you that the \u2018Hound Pound\u2019 (how much we spend on our pups), has become big business with over 26% of the UK's adult population owning a dog.\nAccording to the Telegraph, the UK pet industry is now worth more than \u00a32.7 billion annually and pet travel is one of the fastest-growing sectors in the travel market. Evidently, opening their doors to dogs could increase hotels' revenues by 30% a year, as the luxury pet sector starts barking up new trees.\nSo as dog lovers, we\u2019re firmly in the driving seat, but what should we be looking for when booking a dog-friendly holiday? Who offers a truly paw-friendly escape for the whole family?\nWe review the best companies offering dog-friendly holidays in the UK including -\n1. Sniff out the Pretenders\nThe big travel companies such as Expedia and Trivago, allow you to filter your holiday search by \u2018pet friendly\u2019. At first glance this is helpful. It groups suitable accommodation together, but once you delve a little further, there is simply a lack of detail as to how the accommodation is categorised as \u2018pet friendly\u2019.\nI have recently been caught out by this. I booked a beautiful \u2018dog-friendly\u2019 cottage in Suffolk so we could explore the coastline. To our amazement, when we arrived we found there wasn't any enclosed space, hence we couldn\u2019t let Freddie off his lead outside the cottage. It was also near a busy road, so whilst his recall is good, we couldn\u2019t risk it. Maybe I was too ambiguous with my search but I know exactly what I\u2019d do differently next time.\nIf you are looking for more information before you travel, you need to look at a company catering exclusively for holidays with dogs. Not necessarily a huge travel company that thinks that adding a filter will give them their cut of the 'Hound Pound'.\n2. Canine Cottages\nLeader of the Pack\nCanine Cottages are a leading light in pet friendly travel. Part of the Travel Chapter, the website is powered by holidaycottages.co.uk\nThe website is beautifully designed and exceptionally user-friendly. Along with searching by region or date, if you are more relaxed on the where and when, Canine Cottages has some unconventional categories such as \u2018Cosy Up!\u2019 and \u2018A Little Bit Special\u2019 to help you find your perfect pawsome holiday.\nWhether you\u2019re longing for a weekend break with leisurely pub lunches or one with lengthy hill hikes, you can find a host of options to suit you and your dog.\nThe creative team behind the Canine Cottages show a meticulous attention to detail when it comes to providing accommodation information. It hi", "Statement Necklace sites:\nStatement Necklace search in title\nDisplaying 1 - 20 out of 33 websites\nalexandani.com ALEX AND ANI designs and creates bangle bracelets, necklaces, earrings and rings that adorn the body, enlighten the mind, and empower the spirit. Our artistry can be seen in our various single charm and embellished bangle bracelet sets, as well...\nVMzona.com - online low-priced silver jewelry Swarovski watches clothing shoes bags necklaces rings...vmzona.com \u041e\u043d\u043b\u0430\u0439\u043d \u0437\u043e\u043d\u0430 \u0441 \u043d\u0430\u0439 - \u043d\u0438\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0442\u0435 \u0446\u0435\u043d\u0438 \u0438 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u043c\u043e\u0446\u0438\u0438 \u043d\u0430 \u0431\u0438\u0436\u0443\u0442\u0430, \u0441\u0440\u0435\u0431\u0440\u043e, \u0441\u0432\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0432\u0441\u043a\u0438, \u0447\u0430\u0441\u043e\u0432\u043d\u0438\u0446\u0438, \u0434\u0440\u0435\u0445\u0438, \u043e\u0431\u0443\u0432\u043a\u0438, \u0447\u0430\u043d\u0442\u0438, \u0441\u0443\u0432\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0440\u0438, \u0431\u0438\u0436\u0443\u0442\u0430 \u043e\u0442 \u0441\u0442\u043e\u043c\u0430\u043d\u0430, \u043f\u043e\u0434\u0430\u0440\u044a\u0447\u043d\u0438 \u0441\u0442\u043e\u043a\u0438 \u0437\u0430 \u0432\u0441\u044f\u043a\u044f\u043a\u0432\u0438 \u043f\u0440\u0430\u0437\u043d\u0438\u0446\u0438.\nAmberland Hand Made Amber Jewelry Necklaces Pendants Rings Bracelets Brooches Earrings - MY AMBER...myamberland.com Shop powered by PrestaShop\nPeoples Jewellers - The Diamond Store Since 1919 - for the best fine jewellery selection of rings,...peoplesjewellers.com Peoples Jewellers Since 1919 - for the best fine jewelry selection of rings, necklaces, earrings, bracelets, and watches.\naccepted.com Accepted.com helps college and graduate school applicants present themselves at their best. Our seasoned, professional consultants and editors will mentor you through the application process and edit your material so it shines.\nmynamenecklace.com My Name Necklace offers Name Necklaces, Personalized Necklaces and Monogram Jewelry. FREE Shipping on Orders Over $50!\nrokit.co.uk Rokit is your number one choice for vintage clothing and retro treasures. We began life as a market stall in Camden in 1986 and have since grown to open...\nfilethis.com FileThis is like a personal assistant for your paperwork. It automatically retrieves, files, and organizes your bank statements, bills, and online docs.\nmonicavinader.com Buy award winning contemporary jewellery direct from celebrity favourite Monica Vinader. Next day delivery and free engraving available.\nFinancial Analysis Software | Financial Analysis | Financial Statements | Current Ratio | Financial...readyrat", "es across Canada.\nIn Canada there are five provinces that have naturopathic regulations: British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Ontario. The Naturopathic Doctors Act of 2008 grants title protection for naturopathic doctors in the province of Nova Scotia. Almost of the other provinces and territories in which there are naturopathic doctors are also in the process of seeking regulation.\nCurrently, the naturopathic profession finds itself well positioned in health care. With more research emerging that supports the therapies used by naturopathic doctors, and the public demand for greater choice and increased access to more natural approaches to health care, naturopathic medicine is meeting the health needs of an ever increasing number of Canadians. Poised to make the transition from \u201calternative\u201d medicine to \u201cmainstream\u201d medicine", "at first, you just have to follow along carefully. Around the middle the season is where it's the best parts! The most action. Plus, by the middle of the season the show actually switches from 2 timelines (past and present) to 1 timeline (only present), which makes it way more easier to follow..Score: 5/5\nJust finding this season hard to followIt's not twists and turns, it's confusion. It's just seems muddled and forced. Loved season one, but the this one is just characters not connecting. The missing time, the show starts to reveal is not compelling just seems sad..Score: 2/5\nBingeworthyIt started on Friday night. There was nothing going on. I figured, why not check out a new show on Netflix? How about Quantico? It is now Sunday afternoon. I have finished the first season. I\u2019m not sorry. Season One was fantastic and had more twists and turns than I can count. Now I\u2019m on to season 2 via iTunes. Dear ABC, please renew for a third season. This show is seriously inspiring me to hit the gym more often..Score: 5/5\nUtter crap.This show is overrated & no good. S2 is boring..Score: 1/5\nBest tv seasonThis is by far the best tv season on tv.Score: 5/5\nPayoneer \ud83d\udcb0Payoneer is an online payment platform that lets you transfer money from any corner of the world! A best and must have payment service for every blogger, traveler, freelancer, affiliate marketer, consultant, virtual assistant, business person, online sellers, and receivers. Earn $25 for free by joining Payoneer. Sign Up Now!Score: 5/5\nPerformanece Lab \ud83c\udfafPerformance Lab \u00ae CORE Formulas support all aspects of human performance, across all walks of life. Boosts work performance and productivity with nootropics for focus, multitasking under stress, creative problem-solving and more. Buy Now!Score: 5/5\nCoursera \ud83d\udca1Start your future on coursera today! Build skills with courses, certificates, and degrees online from world-class universities and companies. Join for Free!Score: 5/", "ation cards\nThe products were actually pretty cool. I passed the box over to my fianc\u00e9 and she loved it, especially the caramels and wine.\nOverall, I can see myself personally subscribing to this box for the many quarters to come.\nHow Much Does Vine Oh! Cost?\nVine Oh! normally costs $59.99 but when you use the code UrbanWine, you\u2019ll get $15 off your quarterly subscription HERE.\nVine Oh! Coupon and Discount\nHere are some other great Vine Oh! coupons and deals that you can take advantage of:\nUse the code VineOhYay to get $10 off your subscription HERE.\nUse the code UrbanWhite or UrbanRed to get an extra bottle of wine with an annual subscription ($199 a year) when you join HERE.\nOverall, Vine Oh! is an exciting new women\u2019s lifestyle subscription that every woman should try out at least once!\nThis post contains affiliate links which means that I will make a small commission if you purchase a product after clicking on any of them, at no extra cost to you. Thank you for your support.", "What theme resonated the most with the author during the retreat and how did it relate to their experiences and discussions", "or the porta potty to be is positioned in a corner.\nWhen decorating with plants, consider how you can hide the porta potty. If the porta potty is unattractive, you can use flowers and other items to conceal it. Adding a decorative panel will add style and function to your garden. If you want to cover the porta potty, the flower will provide the same effect. Similarly, a flowering wall can make a porta potty look more appealing and pleasant.\nYou can also use a porta potty as a backdrop to a garden. It is an excellent option if your garden is small and has very little space for porta potties. It will also help make the area look more sanitary. Moreover, it can serve as a decorative feature and help you to attract more customers. Despite its size, it is important to find the best location for your porta potty.\nWhen setting up a garden, consider placing a porta potty in a location where it is not easily visible. A wall with an open design will hide the porta potty and make it seem less intrusive. Another way to hide a porta potty is to make it look like an attractive structure. You can conceal it with a decorative panel or by adding plants or flowers to the surrounding area.\nYou can also make it look more appealing. You can hide your porta potty by using decorative plants and flowers. They will make your porta potty more appealing and comfortable. A porta-potty can be disguised with a wall with flowers or potted plants. By placing potted flowers and plants, you can hide your porta-potty without anyone knowing it\u2019s there.\nIf you\u2019d like to hide a porta potty, you can use a tent. You can also decorate it with flowers. For a more formal setting, use floral arrangements. For a rustic theme, use hay bales for seating. It will make for a beautiful backdrop and will provide additional lighting for your guests. When choosing a location for the porta-potty, be sure to consider its location", "SUMMIT DW2432SSADA is an ADA compliant dishwasher made for the modern kitchen.\nThis model has a 32\" height to fit easily under lower ADA compliant counters. With the capacity to hold 12 place settings, the DW2432SSADA features four wash programs, including special settings for china and pots and pans. The interior drum is made from durable stainless steel to ensure long-lasting durability, while the stainless steel door blends well in any professional kitchen decor.\nThe DW2432SSADA features intuitive electronic controls for easy operation. Operating at 54 dbA, it offers a silent but thorough performance for optimum cleaning.\n||32 inch height fits under standard ADA cou", "What did you want to look up about methionine\u2013enkephalin", "What does historian Laura Stokes compare the modern commercial world to in light of the financial crisis", "What types of jewelry can be found on the alexandani.com website", "Tattooing has evolved through the years and modern looking illustrative tattoos have gotten more amazing and complex, making collectors want more of this kind of style. Gabor Zolyomi's tattoo work is a testament to how this style has evolved and shifted from the bold lined black tattoos to fine line illustrative tattoo work.\nGabor Zolyomi is an amazing tattoo artist who works at Fatum Tattoo, in Budapest. Zolyomi's style is his own take on the illustrative fine line tattooing and pushes it to new limits.\nThe illustrative tattoo style has become really popular in recent years. The graphic design look has juxtaposed with the tattoo world and has produced a lot of awesome tattoos along the way. Gabo", "What are some methods couples use to hide porta potties at their weddings", "\"Maichi da uwa ba shi kuka 'n soodi. \"\nLiteral Translation: He who eats with his mother will not have to ask for the soodi, for she will give it to him as a matter of course.\n\"Girman kai rawanin tsiya\"\nMeaning: Pride goes before a fall.\n\"Rua ba su yami banza.\"\nLiteral Translation: Water does not get bitter without a cause.\nMeaning: There is reason for everything.\n\"Idan rua ya zubar, ya ber tulu, ya yi keau.\"\nLiteral Translation: Even if the water is spilt, as long as the tulu is not broken, no harm.\nMeaning: Tulu, the jar", "While the world's financial crisis plays out, historians compare today's commercial world to the past. one, Stanford historian Laura Stokes, ponders how attitudes on greed were different in the Middle Ages. Camille Brown, of Stanford University News, has the st", "What are the key features of the SUMMIT DW2432SSADA dishwasher", "s different species (daffodils, bacteria, and corn). The genes were isolated and purified from their native species, and then inserted into traditional rice seeds to produce golden rice plants.\nThis insertion process is done primarily using either high-pressure \u201cgene guns\u201d to force small particles of metal coated with the appropriate DNA into the seed cells, or by using a modified strain of bacteria to infect the seeds and insert the gene. Once the gene insertion is complete, the plant can be grown to maturity and will use its own internal cellular mechanisms to express the gene as proteins. Note that GMO technology does not alter the fundamental nature of gene expression; it merely alters the instructions that the process follows, in the form of DNA.\nPart of the concern around GMO usage is that this technology could be used to engineer crops, deliberately or accidentally, to produce poisonous compounds or unsafe proteins that would then be consumed by humans. However, as in the case of golden rice, many of the modifications done to agricultural crops result in the plant producing proteins that are already ingested by humans. All of the introduced compounds that aren\u2019t normally in people food are tested and controlled per the regulations of the market in which they are sold.\nAnother concern is that in consuming GMO foods, humans will take on some of the genetic changes of the modified organism, resulting in cancer or other health issues. However, as we went over previously, genetic modification normally needs to be very highly targeted and also have a vector for transfer (metal particles or bacteria) in order to succeed. The GMO foods that we consume contain no such vectors \u2013 they only contain the products of gene expression. There is a common saying that \u201cyou are what you eat\u201d, which implies that the food we eat becomes a part of us. This is only partially true. Our bodies break food down into its component proteins, which are then metabolized. We don\u2019t incorporate DNA by eating, which is why I am not turning into a steak or an eggplant as a result of my diet. In the same way, if I was to consume golden rice, I would not myself start producing beta-carotene and turn orange \u2013 I would merely metabolize the beta-carotene present in the rice.\nThe GMO products that are available for consumption currently have all been fairly researched, and do not contain modifications that have a strong likelihood of affecting human consumers. However, it is important to be able to distinguish the science behind GMOs from their implementation in our society. Interpreting the scientific aspects of GMOs in a vacuum is an oversimplification of the debate around GMOs. While the technology itself may be safe, the ways it is used and abused can certainly be harmful. Next time, I\u2019ll attempt to unpack the intent behind GMO usage and the ways that that intent is skewed by various interests and can lead to social harm.\n Stephen O. Duke, ed. Herbicide-Resistant Crops: Agricultural, Economic, Environmental, Regulatory, and Technological Aspects. CRC Press, 1995 p53-80\nArt Li is a Chinese American ex-scientist who alternates between pondering the possibilities for science as a tool of liberation and eating a lot", "Today, more people than ever before are seeking and benefiting from naturopathic medical care and the number of naturopathic doctors is growing at record rates to accommodate this increased demand. Currently, there are naturopathic doctors practicing in every province and all but one territory in Canada. The more than 2,400 naturopathic doctors across the country continue to be an emerging answer to Canada\u2019s health care concerns.\nNaturopathic doctors are experiencing greater recognition as health care practitioners and as experts in the field of natural and preventive medicine. They provide leadership in natural medical research and are enjoy increasing politically activity at the federal, provincial and territorial levels. Positions for naturopathic doctors are opening up in hospitals, multi-disciplinary clinics and specialized health centr", "by Art Li\nGMOs are highly contentious for their presumed unhealthiness and danger to humans, and also for their questionable role in sustaining large agri-businesses and the economic frameworks they uphold. What does science say about GMO tech, and how does it intersect with the role of GMOs on the global market?\nMarch 28, 2016\nTranscript and Annotations below:\nGMOs \u2013 they\u2019re in our food. They ARE our food. They could cause cancer. But, what impacts could they have on a broader social scale? Let\u2019s find out!\nHello! Art again here to talk about another misunderstood food, or rather, category of foods. We\u2019ll be discussing GMOs in this mini-series \u2013 some of the science behind how they are created, their possible effects on the human body, and finally, some of the sociopolitical and economic aspects behind their use.\nOne thing I want to disclose before diving into some of the details is that this video is made operating under the assumption that the genetic modification of living organisms is ethical. While it is (and should be) up for debate whether or not mankind \u201cplaying God\u201d and altering DNA, is or is not ethical, this video is intended solely to discuss the effects of GMO research and consumption in addition to the rationale for their use. I am not personally advocating for or against the use of GMOs \u2013 i merely hope to provide information for folks to make their own best decisions about the GMOs that are and will likely to continue to be present in our food and stores.\nHowever, we can\u2019t start talking about GMOs without first defining what they are. According to the World Health Organization, GMO stands for Genetically Modified Organism \u2013 any organism that has had its genetic material, or DNA, directly altered by biotechnological processes . DNA stands for deoxyribonucleic acid, and is the blueprint for all life on this planet. It is the substance within all living cells that contains instructions for them to self-replicate and organize themselves into the bodies we inhabit. Pretty neat stuff.\nOn a more detailed level, DNA holds instructions for cells on how to create proteins. If DNA is the blueprint, proteins are the building blocks for life. All of our of cells, and a lot of the junk our body produces are comprised of proteins. DNA holds the instructions for which specific proteins should be produced by our bodies at what times, and the minute differences and interactions between these proteins sum up to form our bodily processes and physical forms. The process by which DNA is translated into these proteins is called gene expression.\nWhat GMO technology does is alter the baseline DNA that cells use as a template for gene expression. Researchers first identify a gene or DNA sequence of interest that they wish to engineer into an organism. In agriculture this is commonly a gene that produces a protein which results in herbicide resistance, drought tolerance, or improved nutrient content. This gene could be from the same organism, or it could be from an entirely different species. As an example, \u201cgolden rice\u201d is rice that has been modified to produce beta-carotene, a nutrient that our bodies use to produce vitamin A. Genes that produce beta carotene were first identified in variou", "What is the significance of Kaga mizuhiki, and what occasions is it typically used for", "Nintendo has revealed details of a brand new Mario game that will be exclusively available on GameCube, giving fans of their moustachioed mascot another reason to back away from the trade-in counter.\nEntitled Super Paper Mario, the new game is a curious blend of classic 2D side-scrolling platform action and the pseudo-3D graphics style of the Paper Mario series. Apparently, the game will also blend platform gaming with RPG elements, although exactly how this is all going to work is unknown at present.\nBut we do know that Mario, Peach and Bowser will all be available as playable characters, and there are elements of the new DS Mario game included, like being able to 'super-size' Mario into a screen-filling 8-b", "What does the speaker feel about the information they share about themselves through music and interviews", "ghlights if there is an enclosed garden so you don\u2019t need to worry about any great escapes. The best bit about their offer is their range of extensive guides to towns and cities around the UK. With dog-friendly attractions, dog friendly dining spots and of course beautiful walks to help you plan your truly pawsome break.\nThe reviews (and I always read the reviews), aren't solely by people who have stayed in the accommodation WITH their dogs. As mentioned Canine Cottages is part of Holiday Cottages and this is the only area they fall down. Cottages are listed on both sites so the reviews were fairly redundant as the majority were left by families without dogs.\nBest value selection\nCottages.com offer a selection of dog friendly cottages which all cater for our four-legged friends. They have put some real effort into providing helpful filters to help you find your perfect holiday cottage. You can search using - 'Enclosed Garden', 'Dog Friendly' and 'More Than Dog Friendly'.\nIf you're looking for inspiration, the best bit is their Dog Friendly Holiday Finder in the Inspiration Section.\nThey've analysed the typical physical and behavioural traits of the nation\u2019s most popular dog breeds and matched them up with the perfect English holiday destination. Apparently my gorgeous cockapoo would adore Herefordshire ! Whilst it's a bit of a gimmick, I for one smiled and appreciated the effort to win the 'Hound Pound'.\n4. Pets Pyjamas\nBest luxury selection\nIf you prefer a hotel have a look at Pets Pyjamas, a site dedicated to dog-friendly travel. They cater for the more upmarket holiday offering a range of 1,500 dog-welcoming 4* hotels and dog friendly cottages. A simple investigation, established that they didn\u2019t charge any more than booking the weekend directly with the hotel (and in many cases, less).\nThere\u2019s even a dog-friendly concierge available if you like talking to a human or have specific requirements that need to be met. If that wasn\u2019t enough, they offer a PetSquad vet line so you have peace of mind when you travel.\n5. Tail Between their Legs\nOther companies such as Dog Friendly Cottages (part of Snaptrip) welcome \u2018Well Behaved Dogs\u2019, um, that suggests they\u2019ll be testing my cockapoos training, with raised eyebrows if he doesn\u2019t sit and stay for more than 3 minutes. Whilst it provides a database of cottages which allow dogs, it doesn\u2019t provide any further information such as enclosed garden etc.\nSeveral travel companies missed the mark completely in a rushed grab at the Hound Pound.\nMy favourite is the Mr and Mrs Smith which advertises boutique and luxury hotels. On the very first page after waxing lyrical about Pet Friendly Hotels they advertise a hotel which states \u2013 Diminutive dogs are welcome!\nSo a pint-sized pug or a petite pomeranian would be welcome but under no circumstances may a Labrador cross the threshold. Not quite as dog-friendly as most people would hope for!\nHopefully our article will help you to book a wonderful, wagtastic holiday with your pooch. Thanks for dropping by and resing our Guide to Choosing a Dog-Friendly Holida", "For those of you who wish to have a career in the beauty field, cosmetology schools in Grand Forks Air Force Base ND can get you there quickly.\nMany programs can be completed in only a matter of one to two years, meaning you can be taking the Cosmetologist license exam in a couple of months or so after completing your training course.\nQualifications and Schools to Choose From\nBeauty Schools and Prerequisites\nCosmetologist course requirements will differ from one school to the next but will probably have four basic requirements. Currently they are: hold a high school diploma or equivalent and also be of minimum age in North Dakota.\nRecommended Beauty Schools in North Dakota\nDoes ND Mandate Beautician License?\nIf you want to get a cosmetology license, or perhaps even get a certification in a unique portion of beauty, the following is how to pull off executing it. In order to get certified within North Dakota, it is best to complete your own official education to start with.\nThen, be sure to attend the required 1,800 hrs for the North Dakota Board of Cosmetology. In this period of time you will definitely get simulated education exactly like you will do on the job.\nYour next step is to take and pass your state\u2019s license exam. Be sure to search for apprenticeship programs, they can ensure you get more hours pertaining to training and gives you the chance to get leads regarding potential future employment.\nIt\u2019s also very important to think about, after getting certified, you will have to renew your accreditation. Call your Board of Cosmetology for renewal needs.\nND License Hours for Jobs Presented Throughout the Field of Beauty\n- Hair Dresser \u2013 1500 Hours\n- Esthetician \u2013 600 Working hrs\n- Nail Technician \u2013 350 Work hours\n- Electrologist \u2013 600 Working hrs\n- Massage Therapist \u2013 750 Work hours\nNorth Dakota Cosmetology Board\nMailing address : 1102 South Washington Street, #220 PO Box 2177 Bismarck, ND 58502-2177\nBoard Phone # \u2013 (701)-224-9800\nApprenticeships Availability Contact Number \u2014 (701) 224 9800\nFacsimile # \u2014 701 222 8756\nEmail \u2013 email@example.com\nCareer and Salary Outlook\nJob Opportunities for Cosmetologists in Grand Forks Air Force Base ND\n|Nationwide Records||Details per www.bls.gov|\n|Median Salary||$22,770 per year|\n|Median Pay Per Hour||.95 per hour|\n|Level of Training to Start||Postsecondary non-degree award|\n|Experience in any Connected Occupation||NA|\n|Number of", "What factors make Ghana an attractive investment destination for foreign investors", "Quantico, Season 2 Release Date and Synopsis\nA thrill seeking photojournalist, Leon Velez, may spell trouble for Alex Parrish and Ryan Booth. Plus, Alex is left with the lingering job offer of leaving the FBI and moving to the Central Intelligence Agency.\nEverything You Need to Know About Quantico, Season 2\nQuantico is about a diverse group of recruits that have arrived at the FBI Quantico Base for training. They are the best, the brightest and the most vetted, so it seems impossible that one of them is suspected of masterminding the biggest attack on New York City since 9/11.\nQuantico, Season 2 Comments & Critics\nWhat do you think about Quantico, Season 2 tv seasons? Ask the moviesrankings.com community a question about Quantico, Season 2!\nPlease wait! Quantico, Season 2 serie comments loading...\nQuantico, Season 2 Reviews\nFree International Money Transfer \ud83d\udcb8Enjoy high maximum transfers into more than 20 currencies while saving up to 90% over local banks! The cheap, fast way to send money abroad. Free transfer up to 500 USD!Score: 5/5\nThe best!\u2764\ufe0fLove this show! The only one I watch, since I don't watch tv at all, but cannot miss out on this one\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc.Score: 5/5\n\ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udffcJust watched the first episode and it was epic I can already tell it's gonna be another amazing season if not better..Score: 5/5\nWatch this show!Just finished the 2nd season and I'm sooo excited for the next! This is by far one of the best shows you'll EVER see. It's those shows you can't stop to go pee\ud83d\ude02 I watch a lot of tv but nothing is compared to this It is at the top of my list with greys and scandal.Score: 5/5\nSo awesome!! Best show on TVI love this show so much, second season is even. enter than the first. Such talented actors and great characters \ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97.Score: 5/5\nGreat show!Keep's you on edge and entertained no dull moments..Score: 5/5\nGreat Season 2I highly recommend watching season one it's on Netflix by the way. Although the beginning may seem confusing", "What method did researchers use to estimate the internal pressure of excreta launching in Adelie penguins", "What are the main concerns surrounding the consumption of GMO foods, as discussed in the text", "What is the definition of a GMO according to the World Health Organization", "What are some of the new games being released for the Nintendo GameCube", "What does the proverb about salt and shea butter imply about different reactions to changing situations", "led also Met-enkephalin\nSeen and Heard\nWhat made you want to look up methionine\u2013enkephalin? Please tell us where you read or heard it (including the quote, if possible).", "Medical Definition of methionine\u2013enkephalin\n: a pentapeptide having a terminal methionine residue that is one of the two enkephalins occurring naturally in the brain\u2014cal", "What realization did the author come to about the importance of intentionality in their relationship with God during the retreat", "tweets or under-140-character snippets of wisdom from the philosophers of our time and those times past. After all, if you don\u2019t keep your name in people\u2019s face than where are you? [Side note: I find that those I follow on Twitter that I appreciate the most are those who have different things to say all the time. I certainly gravitate towards the individuals using Twitter to build their personal brand rather than the businesses using it for social media marketing. The content is often better coming from the individual accounts (and individual accounts not tied to any business).]\nWhile vacation is great and wonderful, it\u2019s time to put the nose to the grindstone once again. I\u2019m actually excited to catch up on personal branding, personal finance and social media posts. I\u2019m looking forward to tracking back posts from Gen Y/millennial enthusiasts to see what\u2019s the latest during my time away. And I\u2019m looking forward to posting in this blog again, which is still taking off but which I enjoy throwing my thoughts into. :)\nMore to follow soon!", "SUMMER RETREAT REFLECTIONS\nEvery year in the second weekend of July, all of the different ministries at QTEC gather at DeSales University in Center Valley, PA, for a weekend of fellowship and spiritual retreat.\nIn the following few weeks, we will be posting retreat reflections from a few attendees about their experiences from this year's retreat and what they've learned and look forward to.\nGoing into the retreat weekend, I didn\u2019t hold many expectations. For as long as I can remember, I\u2019ve been going to DeSales, listening to a set of sermons, being temporarily inspired, and then going home again to my typical teenage life. It seemed like pretty common sense to me that I would get the most takeaways from a sermon, and that mindset led to some serious writers block when I was asked to write this reflection. I opened up my retreat handbook and realized, I hadn\u2019t really written many notes at all to be honest. Despite this, when I thought back on the retreat weekend, through the interaction with others, I could truly feel Christ working through the church and working on my heart.\nThis retreat weekend was the first time I had been exposed first-hand to what James told me were \u201creally Korean\u201d church practices. Holding hands with each other, screaming JESUS at the top of our lungs and praying as a church really built up and brought us together but I felt touched the most when I circled up with the men of our EM and discussed in what ways, us as men can help this church. There were great ideas being thrown around but out of this one word resonated with me the most. Intentionality. Whether it being the extra effort to clean up, volunteer to go on the service rotation, or to reach out to someone who is in need, being intentional about stepping up, and not just going to church to socialize and leave was something that stuck with me.\nThe concept of intentionality was brought back during Pastor John\u2019s sermon as well. Living a gospel centered life, we have to be more intentional on reading the Bible and spending time in God's presence. Talking to my small group on the first night, I realized I hadn\u2019t been devoting much to God at all. With all my free time in the summer, it hit me hard when I realized I had not been making a constant effort to be with God and His Word. My time, energy, and resources had been wasting away on things that are worthless. Pastor John gave an example of this that I connected to very deeply. When he was younger, he knew that if he died, he would be ok and in heaven, but still he would pray to God, \u201cPlease let me be married first before I die.\u201d I\u2019m not going to lie, I had thought the same thing before and prayed the same thing. But, when we die, nothing that we have on t", "Selena Gomez never has much of anything interesting or intelligent to say (but she DOES have amazing hair), so it\u2019s no surprise that her latest interview on the Elvis Duran in the Morning Show consisted of a lot of words with very little meaning. The gist of it, if my listening skills are correct, is that she wants the fun parts of fame and not the bullshit ones and everyone should just leave her alone, especially when it comes to her relationship with ex(?)-boyfriend Justin Bieber. But let\u2019s hear it in her own words, shall we?\n\u201cI\u2019m in my 20s. I wanna have fun [now]. I wanna enjoy my life and not have to worry about every si", "What are the basic requirements for enrolling in cosmetology schools in North Dakota", "te\" appears in the 2013 Jack Straw Writers Anthology.\nCaswell is also the author of a full-length poetry collection, \"Phlogiston,\" published by Floating Bridge Press in 2012. (You can read the book's title poem at The Monarch Review.) He works as a software engineer in the aviation industry.\nKUOW thanks Jack Straw Productions for recording Caswell's reading on May 10, 2013", "e IsoSpeed decoupler cuts down on fatiguing bumps in gravel so you can wander more, reach new places and stay stronger for longer|\n|This bike is exceedingly versatile and suited to a wide variety of riding styles, including gravel rides, bikepacking and daily commutes|\n|Extra mounts on the top tube, seat tube and both sides of the down tube make it easy to carry extra gear and water|\n|Massive tyre clearance means you can use tyres up to 45 c for extra traction and stability in any condition|\n|Frame||500 Series OCLV Carbon, Rear IsoSpeed, Stranglehold dropouts, tapered head tube, BB90, flat-mount disc brakes, rack mounts and hidden mudguard mounts, Control Freak, internal control routing, 12 mm thru axle, 3S chain keeper, Ride Tuned seatmast|\n|Fork||Checkpoint carbon disc, carbon tapered steerer, flat-mount disc brakes, rack mounts, hidden mudguard mounts, 12 mm thru axle|\n|Front Hub||Bontrager alloy sealed bearing, 12 mm alloy axle, CenterLock|\n|Rear Hub||Bontrager alloy sealed bearing, 12 mm alloy axle, CenterLock|\n|Rims||Bontrager Tubeless Ready|\n|Tires||Schwalbe G-One Allround, aramid bead, TL Easy, 700 c 35 c|\n|Shifters||Shimano RS505, 11-speed|\n|Front derailleur||Shimano 105 FD-5801, braze-on|\n|Rear derailleur||Shimano 105|\n|Crank||Shimano 105, 50/34 (compact)|\n|Cassette||Shimano HG800, 11-34, 11-speed|\n|Chain||Shimano HG600, 11-speed|\n|Saddle||Bontrager Montrose Comp|\n|Seatpost||Bontrager Ride Tuned seatmast cap, 10 mm offset|\n|Handlebar||Bontrager RL IsoZone VR-CF, 31.8 mm|\n|Stem||Bontrager Elite, 31.8 mm, 7-degree, w/computer and light mounts|\n|Headset||Integrated, cartridge bearing, sealed, 1-1/8\u02dd top, 1.5\u02dd bottom|\n|Brakeset||Shimano RS505 flat mount hydraulic disc", "Kyoshin Elle Leathercraft Pricking Iron 6x4mm Stitching Punching Tool 4mm 6-Prong Diamond Point Leather Stitch Punch, for Leatherworking\nDo-it-yourself leather punching of wallets, shoes, and other leathercraft goods are typical applications for this tool. Whether you are a novice or an expert in leather DIY manufacturing, this is the tool for you.\nPunch professional grade stitching holes, in a precise diamond shape, that is ideal for sewing leather with this pricking iron from Kyoshin Elle of Japan. Forged from tool steel, a specialty steel, that has a high level of toughness, wear resistance, and ability to hold a cutting edge after many uses, make it an ideal steel for leathercraft tools. This tool also goes through a quenching process to achieve excellent hardness and durability. With a knurled handle, this tool offers a better grip to keep the tool from slipping and provides comfort when in use.\nStitching holes made with this leathercraft stitch punch are clean and consistent, easy to sew, and practical, suitable for both beginners and expert leather artisans. Use this 6-prong stitch punch when punching leather in a long straight line, producing six evenly spaced diamond-shaped holes at a time. This 4mm stitching punch is available in 1, 2, 3, 4, and 6 prongs for producing stitch holes in different situations (each sold separately).\nApproximate Dimensions & Product Data:\n- Material: Tool Steel\n- Compatible Size: 4mm\nAv", "What is the benefit of amateur dramatics for individuals interested in acting", "and tap Go. The page will immediately be opened in the Printer Pro with print button right above your finger. You can print web based documents as well using this approach.\nWith Printer Pro you can print:\n- Email Attachments\n- iWork documents\n- Web pages\n- Files from other applications\n- Clipboard content\n- Documents on Dropbox and Google Drive\n\u25c6 Printer Pro Desktop\nGet free helper application for your computer to print more types of documents and with better quality. You can download it at www.readdle.com/printerpro\n\u25c6 List of supported document formats\nPDF, Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Pages, Numbers, Keynote, TXT, HTML, JPG, Safari webarchive.\nFeel free to contact us If you have any suggestions, questions or issues at http://readdle.com/contact\n***Don't buy this version. It is for those, who already own Printer Pro for iPhone and want to get a free iOS 8 update. Moreover, the app became universal, so you can install it on iPad too. In a few weeks, this version will be pulled from the App Store.***\n- Optimised for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus\n- Greatly improved iCloud Drive sync\n- Fixed several small issue", "Which provinces in Canada have naturopathic regulations", "This app was removed from the App Store.\nPrinter Pro Classic - wirelessly print documents, photos, web pages and emails\niOS Universal Productivity\n\u25c6 Print attachments, documents, web pages and more right from the iPhone or iPad on any Wi-Fi or USB printer\u25c6\nPrinter Pro is the application that lets you wirelessly print from the iPhone or iPad. It can print directly to many Wi-Fi printers and to any printer attached to your Mac or PC via helper application installed on your computer.\n!!! PLEASE NOTE: To test whether Printer Pro will work with your printer, download Printer Pro Lite for free.\nOnce installed, Printer Pro appears in the \"Open In...\" list on your device. This lets you print documents from Mail, PDF Expert and many other applications on your iPhone or iPad that supports this function.\nUsing \"Open In...\" approach you can print files from many popular online storages: Dropbox and Google Drive. It just a matter of several taps to download your file via free Dropbox or Google Drive application and send it to printer.\nTo print a web page, just change \"http\" to \"phttp\" in the address bar in Safari", "used for carrying water from the well or stream ; it has a small mouth. Different districts have different patterns. Don\u2019t cry over spilt milk. That can be remedied.\n\"Gishiri nema (na yi ma) mai'n kadde daria'n rana, randa rua ya zo gishiri ya ji kumia\" Litteral Translation: Salt laughs at shea butter while the sun shines, but when the rain comes, it hides its head.\n\"Woni tsuntsu ya ke gudu rua, awuagwa rua ta ke nema\"\nLiteral Translation: Some birds avoid water. The duck searches for it.\nMeaning: Everyone to his own taste", "ory.\nCapitalism was alive and well in the Middle Ages, but universally condemned. Professor Stokes said, \"A medieval businessman would surely be impressed by the successes of his modern descendants, but he would also despise them as men without honor or virtue.", "When you are looking for the best way to practice you are acting, it is important to take note that there are amateur theatres where you would be able to perform for a small crowd and get an opportunity to sharpen your skills.\nReasons You Should Get Training in An Amateur Theatre\nYou should make sure you are able to find the best facilities in sport mode has many amateur theatres which will provide the kind of environment and actor is looking for and within a short period they will be able to work with the best instructors. When you go to amateur theatres, you are able to get more people who have done best talent like you where you get to share ideas and learn more about acting and place.\nThe amateur theatre has been able to get a lot of people who have been successful in the industry so you are given an opportunity to sharpen your skills improve your career as time goes by. When people are looking for an amateur theatre, they are able to get much information because they visited the website to find out more about the kind of services that are provided and how they can benefit in the long run.\nAmateur theatres have been able to attract a large group of people since the police are often referred on matters that affe", "Credit: Flickr user mescon\nNot long ago, we had a new mailbox installed in front of our house. For a few hours, it was shiny, bright, and attractive. But within a day, the local mockingbirds had discovered that it was a great place to perch, and it was soon covered with bird droppings. So much for home improvement!\nBut if we had been lucky enough to have silver-spotted skipper caterpillars or Adelie penguins perching on our mailbox, it would have stayed poo-free (Of course, North Carolina mailboxes are not part of the usual habitat for either species, but I can dream, can\u2019t I?). Adelies and silver-spotted skippers share a common behavior: Instead of defecating where they stand, they launch their poo a considerable distance: up to 1.4 meters away from their nests in the case of the caterpillars.\nNaturally, the first question Victor Benno Meyer-Rochow and Jozsef Gal had about this behavior in Adelies is \u201cwhat kind of pressure do these birds generate when launching?\u201d As the UK undergraduate who blogs as \u201cSamW\u201d noted, Adelie penguins are a protected species, so researchers aren\u2019t able to perform the invasive and potentially harmful observations required to directly measure the forces. Instead, Meyer-Rochow and Gal examined photographs. When Adelies poop, they stand on the edge of their nests, their rear ends facing outward, and expel the fecal matter as far as possible. The researchers estimated the penguins\u2019 range at about 40 cm\u2014not as far as the caterpillars, but still considerably better than the average human can do. Unlike humans, Adelies have a single \u201cvent\u201d for all bodily excretions (and sex)\u2014the cloaca. Based on the size of the cloaca and the viscosity of penguin poo, Meyer-Rochow and Gal calculated the internal pressure at poo-launching at as high as about 600 grams per square centimeter (compare this to about 100 grams per square centimeter for humans). As SamW puts it, \u201cno matter how hard you try to poop, a penguin can do it harder.\u201d The research was published in 2003 in Polar Biology.\nWhy do these animals like to shoot the sh\u2014um, excreta? While researchers can guess that penguins launch their poo to keep feathers clean, they don\u2019t actually know for sure. With silver-spotted skippers, however, one intrepid scientist has gone to great lengths to understand exactly why they project their poo (or \u201cfrass,\u201d entomologists\u2019 preferred term for insect excrement). Meera Lee Sethi, a freelance writer, discussed the work of Georgetown University biologist Martha Weiss in a sto"]}