{"q_indices": [86, 54, 52, 53, 49, 99, 85, 14, 13, 37, 82, 56, 42, 91, 40, 66, 22, 124, 87, 46, 31, 102, 39, 64, 21, 120, 47, 45, 117, 36, 123, 73, 55, 7, 41, 125, 118, 88, 4, 113, 90, 34, 25, 104, 24, 33, 65, 95, 16, 29, 106, 79, 103, 127, 17, 101, 18, 98, 15, 43, 100, 78, 63, 108], "a_indices": [81, 115, 80, 93, 20, 109, 30, 60, 59, 92, 61, 6, 77, 121, 122, 71, 51, 76, 116, 0, 27, 10, 84, 83, 67, 126, 105, 68, 32, 74, 44, 70, 110, 97, 48, 58, 62, 1, 23, 11, 94, 75, 50, 69, 114, 5, 12, 38, 9, 72, 28, 57, 107, 112, 2, 19, 96, 119, 89, 3, 111, 8, 26, 35], "texts": ["Top 5 in President\u2019s portfolio on this trip?\nThe upcoming visit of Chinese president Hu Jintao to Cambodia next week will build closer ties between the two countries, China and ASEAN as the visit is coincided with the 20th ASEAN Summit. [Full story]\nA more dynamic group of major emerging economies will not only strengthen cooperation among themselves, but also help promote global development and build a more constructive relationship between the developing and developed economies. [Full story]\nWith the theme of strengthening the security of nuclear material and nuclear facilities, the Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul will place emphasis on promoting national strategy and international cooperation on nuclear security. [Full story]", "reate great places for people to work\u2019 and the FM division, in particular, strive to ensure that their unique approach delivers both operational efficiency and effectiveness in the workplace environment. We are therefore delighted to take up the role as FM partner for Rever Offshore, we look forward to a long and exciting partnership.\nDave Forsyth, Director at Rever Offshore also commented, stating that \"FM is not part of our core business so it made perfect sense to contract SPACE FM for their services. The services provided by SPACE FM directly match our needs and their reputation in this area of work is outstanding. We are very much looking forward to working with the team\"", "A breathing based yogic reflection practice (Yogic Breathing) may help ease serious despondency in individuals who don\u2019t completely react to upper medicines, as indicated by another review driven by an Indian-beginning researcher.\nScientists discovered critical change in side effects of melancholy and tension in sedated patients with real depressive issue (MDD) who partaken in the breathing strategy known as Sudarshan Kriya yoga.\nThe reflection method, which is drilled in both a gathering setting and at home, incorporates a progression of consecutive, cadence particular breathing activities that bring individuals into a profound, peaceful and thoughtful state: moderate and quiet breaths exchanged with quick and empowering breaths.\n\u201cSudarshan Kriya yoga gives individuals a dynamic strategy to encounter a profound reflective express that is anything but difficult to learn and join in differing settings,\u201d said Anup Sharma, look into individual at University of Pennsylvania, who drove the review.\nPast reviews recommend that yoga and other controlled breathing procedures can possibly modify the sensory system to decrease stretch hormones.\nIn the review, scientists selected 25 patients experiencing MDD who were discouraged, in spite of over two months of upper pharmaceutical treatment.\nThe sedated patients were randomized to either the breathing mediation gathering or the \u201cshortlist\u201d control assemble for two months.\nAmid the primary week, members finished a six-session program, which h", "g at our online tutorial, then take the quiz. After that you're eligible for a discounted compost bin or worm farm!\nThe Compost Revolution is a community initiative that promotes home composting, growing food locally and connecting with your neighbours. Get involved, learn, test yourself and start turning food scraps into healthy soil for growing food.\nSign up to Council's Environment and Sustainability News here.", "How did the Bobcat men's cross country team perform at the ASU Invitational", "with some amazing prizes provided by sponsors \u2018The Meat Locker\u2019. Danny Quinn was a man with a mission as he emerged victorious with a staggering 45 points.\nDr. Gerry Byrne finished in second place with 41 points just pipping Alan Loughery in third on count back. Andy Young has started the season in fine form indeed as he shot a superb one over round 71 to win the best gross prize.\nThe nearest the pin prizes went to Phillip McKeever and Neil Mullan.\nSeamus McConalogue got his first season as Roe Park Captain underway as he hosted the Captains\u2019 Drive-In Club Stableford on Saturday.\nIndeed Seamus climbed out of his sick bed to attend the competition and show the commitment and dedication becoming of a true Captain.\nAlex Steele played superbly as he shot a brilliant four over par 74 for 42 points to take the victory. An almost faultless round from Alex included two birdies and ten pars.\nNeil Mullan and Willie McCormick both scored 41 points with Neil taking second place on count back leaving Willie in third.\nKieran Berryman showed exactly why he\u2019s a four time winner of the Golfer of the Year as he shot a sublime three under par round 67 for forty points to take the gross prize.\nHis round included five birdies and eleven pars with two bogeys the only blemishes on a superb card.\nThe previous week saw the first Four Man Scramble competition of the year with great prizes provided by sponsor BK Cabs. Last year\u2019s Captain Frank Boyd led the motley crew of Neville Martin, Derek Powell and Jamie Vinnicombe to victory.\nDerek Nicholl, Alan Rankin, Sammy Murphy and John Robson finished second.\nThis week sees the Spring League continue with club competitions on Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.\nTo book a tee time or for any other enquiries call The Golf Shop on 02877760105.", "c safety to cover the cost.\n\u201cThis won\u2019t hurt anything in administration,\u201d Blue said, because the money was only taken out of the advertisement budget.\nThe administration budget is now $163,129.36 as opposed to $165,129.36. The total budget for the town was not affected by this change.\nThe town council will vote on the budget at its next meeting on Thursday, June 14.", "What does the text say about the requirements for true electric supercharging", "three rods can be purchased. The inner rods used for curtains of glass, which is central to the blinds over and one outside the netting. Box pleat valance can be attached to the curtain rods. Hooks sewn back into pleats when the flap is done. Other hooks can be placed between the folds, which help to keep upright. The ring is sometimes used as a hook and slipped through the stem.\nWhen combined with rich tassel trims on hand its gone. Super soft finish and add pleats can solve a shimmering gold backdrop. Box pleat valance, home decorating needs. With friends to as enhancement with modern flare the command center is a sketch to give it a shimmering gold backdrop. Your goto store for making your thermalbacked pinch pleat valance 52\u00d718 crimnson waverly curtains black out curtains tab top back today to get in stock on eligible purchases. Gifts has the delicate embroidered leaf pattern of cotton and pastel blue is your current one a week however life always.", "Abstract Waves, Lines and Circles Vector and JPEG Background\nAbstract waves, lines and circles background with blue, green and fuchsia major colors. It is a glossy type", "fault channel arts from YouTube. But my personal recommendation is to upload a custom made channel art of 2560\u00d71440. Make a channel art related to your channel. I use photoshop for making channel arts if you want better quality you can hire someone from Fiverr to make for you at $5.\n- Add channel description: add a good channel description telling about your channel contents.\nStep 3: Customize and monetize your channel.\nHow to change the layout of your channel?\nTo change the layout of your channel click on the gear icon present on the home page.\nHow to monetize your youtube channel?\nThere are many ways you can monetize your YouTube channel but Adsense is the most trustable one. It was very easy before to monetize your youtube things are not good right now. Especially when you start your youtube channel. Now Youtube monetizes only the channels with more than 10,000-lifetime views.\nNow it is time to upload videos and kickstart your YouTube channel. It is advised to read carefully YouTube policies before uploading videos so that you do not violet any YouTube terms and conditions.\n- How to create a google plus page for your blog\n- How to create a blogspot blog?\n- How to create Facebook APP ID\n- How to add facebook page widget to blogger sideba", "teams the Bobcats beat were Division II Grand Canyon University and the NAIA's Southwestern College. Arizona's Mo Ige won the individual title in 14:28.\nThe Bobcats are back in action Saturday, Oct. 16 at the Young Harris Invitational.\nThe Georgia College Department of Athletics, back-to-back winners of the PBC Commissioner's Cup, sponsors 10 varsity athletic programs at the NCAA Division II level. As a Division II program, Bobcat Athletics prides itself on balancing the life of the student-athlete, evidenced by the teams' multiple appearances in post-season competition as well as documented academic success and community-service involvement. Sign up at www.twitter.com/GCSUBobcats for up-to-the-minute reports, and visit www.GCSUBobcats.com for more information, and to nominate your favorite former Bobcats and Colonials to the GCSU Athletics Hall of Fame", "Now David was greatly distressed, for the people spoke of stoning him, because the soul of all the people was grieved, every man for his sons and his daughters. But David strengthened himself in the Lord his God. (1 Samuel 30:6 NKJV)\nOH GREAT JOY\nJust after midday CDT Thursday, Barbara Neely took to social media, where she found the strength to encourage herself in the Lord her God.\nSaid Neely in a rather spirited, empowering post via Facebook while drawing a unique correlation to her latest authorship milestone:\n\u201cPart of Finding Joy In Your Journey is letting go of things in the past. Having all that stuff just sitting in storage stresses me out. It\u2019s time to part ways. First up is a nearly brand new, top of the line front load dryer with riser. Will post soon.\u201d\nWhether Neely was alluding a physical or spirit storage, of sorts, remains a mystery. Regardless, credit this Huntsville, Alabama devout woman of faith for going to great lengths to build up her spirit man, as we are encouraged to do, according to the above Biblical passage involving David.\nA gifted and accomplished author in her own right, Neely is one of 90 co-authors who have collectively joined forces to assemble Finding Joy In the Journey Vol 2: Healthy Ways To Find Joy During Difficult Times 90 Day Devotional, the highly-anticipated 12th anthology that is spearheaded by Washington, DC author and empowerment sensation Vernessa Blackwell.\nBUY NEELY\u2019S BOOK: https://mamasbrownsugar.com/\nA book that made its ceremonious release in July 2021 and is comprised of 190 pages in length, Finding Joy In the Journey Vol 2 Healthy Ways To Find Joy During Difficult Times 90 Day Devotional, a sought-after Amazon No. 1 Bestseller book whereby a gallery of faith-based writers strategically engage in real talk about finding joy during difficult times, most notably COVID-19, loss, love, grief, and healing, among other pertinent topics, Blackwell told Making Headline News this week.\nFor Neely, her initial authorship feat comes amid humble beginnings.\n\u201cMy reason for choosing to be a part of this (anthology) was that I was going through a divorce and wanted to encourage others out there to continue to find joy in their pain,\u201d Neely told MHN. \u201cI wanted others to know that what we may experience in life dies, not define who we are. On the other side of pain is joy, and we get to start with a clean slate.\u201d\nBy all accounts, the moment Neely had grasped specific instructions from God to join Blackwell\u2019s Finding Joy In the Journey Vol 2 Healthy Ways To Find Joy During Difficult Times 90 Day Devotional, the pulling down of strongholds subsequently occurred in her life.\n\u201cBeing a part of", "Who were the eight persons arrested by the Anti-Corruption Bureau in connection with the land scam in Madhapur", "What event is Amy Poehler hosting with Tina Fey", "What benefits does composting and wormfarming provide according to the Mount Alexander Shire Council Compost Revolution site", "What are the predominant colors used in the abstract waves, lines, and circles background", "What breathing technique was found to help alleviate symptoms of depression and anxiety in individuals who were unresponsive to medication", "What are the pre-requisite standards one must meet to qualify for a cash advance loan in the UK", "ighlighted Sudarshan Kriya yoga notwithstanding yoga stances, sitting contemplation and stress training.\nFor quite a long time two through eight, members went to week after week Sudarshan Kriya yoga follow-up sessions and finished a home practice rendition of the system.\nPatients in the Sudarshan Kriya yoga aggregate demonstrated an altogether more noteworthy change in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) scores contrasted with patients in the holdup rundown gathering.\nHDRS is the most generally utilized clinician-regulated wretchedness appraisal that scores state of mind, enthusiasm for exercises, vitality, self-destructive musings and sentiments of blame, among different indications.\nWith a mean gauge HDRS score of 22.0 (demonstrating extreme discouragement toward the start of the review), the gathering that finished the breathing procedure for the full two months enhanced scores by 10.27 focuses all things considered, contrasted with the holdup rundown gathering, which demonstrated no changes.\nPatients in the yoga aggregate additionally indicated noteworthy mean diminishments in all out scores of the self-announced Beck Depression (11.48-point change) and Beck Anxiety Inventories (5.19 point change), versus the holdup rundown control gathering.\nComes about recommend the achievability and guarantee of Sudarshan Kriya as an extra mediation for MDD patients who have not reacted to antidepressants, scientists said. The study was distributed in the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry", "Tomorrow night [Tues 8/2] from 6-9pm is the National Night Out block party in the 4200 block of 2nd St (off Upshur St near the Hitching Post restaurant). There will be food, activities, a moon bounce for kids, etc. Last year was a great crowd, it's a good chance to mingle with neighbors.\nNational Nigh", "What is the main ingredient used to make the jelly described in the text", "What was the purpose of building dams near the Old Stone Church", "TEMPE, Ariz. \u2013 With four of the team's five runners in their first year at Georgia College, the Bobcat men's cross country team took a trip across the country to run Friday night, taking third at the ASU Invitational hosted by Arizona State University.\nJunior Tyler Mattix (Snellville, Ga.) paced the Bobcats for the second time this season, finishing 28th overall in 16:27. Freshman Zack Robinson (Snellville, Ga.) was one slot and three seconds behind Mattix.\nFreshman Philip Laskey (Marietta, Ga.) crossed the line in 16:40, taking 33rd, while senior Tim Cary (Monroe, Ga.) was 42nd in 17:16. Another rookie Tucker Forbes (Lilburn, Ga.) was 50th of the 75 runners, finishing in 17:39.\nThe University of Arizona won the team title with 18 points, while Division II Western New Mexico University was second with 95, narrowly edging the Bobcats' 97. Among the four", "What kinds of competitions are Faughan Valley Golf Club hosting over the Easter period", "Which team did Josh Fortune help to achieve a top five finish in July", "Your shopping cart is empty!\nProduct Compare (0)\nTutu Net Ra-Ra Skirt WhiteWhite net petticoat tutu with elasticated waistSize 22\" - 32\"Length 40cmOt..\nAngel halo marabou white on headbandStandard adult size fits mostFor when you want to be good !!&nbs..\nThe most popular angel wings we sellBlack feather elasticated wingsSize of wings 12\" x 16\" Wings are..\nThe most popular angel wings we sellBlack feather elasticated wingsSize of wings 12\" x 16\" Win..\nBat wingsBlack Chiffon elasticated wingsSize of wings 50\" x 16\" Wings are elasticated to fit mo..\nNet Black petticoat skirt with elasticated waistNet tutu petticoat with elasticated waist.Tutu fit s..\nBumble Bee wings accessory kitPack contains material yellow and black wings and a set of antenna on ..\nDragon rubber wings greenRubber", "Creating a YouTube is very easy, we just need some clicks. With the growth of internet speed now India\u2019s mobile viewership has also grown to 180 million according to the hind business line. There is a lot of potentials for Indian YouTubers to grow fast. For that, you first need a Youtube channel to upload contents. This 3 step guide will show you how easily you can create a youtube channel.\nStep 1: Creating a YouTube channel\nIf you are creating channels for the first time click this link\nIf you already have a channel and want to create a new channel then click this link\nYou will need to create a brand page for your YouTube channel before creating a YouTube channel.\nAfter you create a brand page, one new YouTube channel will be automatically created. Later you can use that brand page for promoting your youtube channel.\nStep 2: Edit the channel and give it a unique identity.\nNext thing is to edit your channel and give it a nice look.\n- Edit channel icon: Your channel icon is linked to a Brand Account. If you want to change Channel Name or Channel Icon you have to edit in Brand Account page. Keep in mind that changing of channel name is allowed only for few times.\n- Edit channel art: create a channel art for your channel. You will get some de", "Several measures of lifetime risk have been used to express radiation risks and are discussed by Vaeth and Pierce (1990), Thomas and colleagues (1992), UNSCEAR (2000b), and Kellerer and colleagues (2001). The BEIR VII committee has chosen to use what Kellerer and coworkers refer to as the lifetime attributable risk (LAR), which was earlier called the risk of untimely death by Vaeth and Pierce (1990). The LAR is an approximation of the risk of exposure-induced death (REID), the measure used by UNSCEAR (2000b), which estimates the probability that an individual will die from (or develop) cancer associated with the exposure. Although the nomenclature is recent, the LAR was used by the BEIR III committee (1980b) and by the EPA (1994).\nThe LAR and the REID both differ from the excess lifetime risk (ELR) used by the BEIR V committee in that the former include deaths or incident cases of cancer that would have occurred without exposure but occurred at a younger age because of the exposure. As noted by Thomas and colleagues (1992) and earlier by Pierce and Vaeth (1989), the ratio of ELR to REID is approximately 1 \u2212 Qc where Qc is the lifetime risk of dying from the cause of interest. For example, the ELR for all cancer mortality would be about 20% lower than the REID. The LAR differs from the REID in that the survival function used in calculating the LAR does not take account of persons dying of radiation-induced disease, thus simplifying the computations. This difference may be important for estimating risks at higher doses (1+ Sv), but not at the low doses of interest for this report. Kellerer and colleagues show that the REID and the LAR are nearly identical at low doses and discuss other aspects of the LAR compared to the REID.\nThe LAR for a person exposed to dose D at age e is calculated as follows:\nwhere the summation is from a = e + L to l00, where a denotes attained age (years) and L is a risk-free latent period (L = 5 for solid cancers; L = 2 for leukemia). The M(D, e, a) is the EAR, S(a) is the probability of surviving until age a, and S(a)/S(e) is the probability of surviving to age a conditional on survival to age e. All calculations are sex-specific; thus, the dependence of all quantities on sex is suppressed.\nThe quantities S(a) were obtained from a 1999 unabridged life table for the U.S. population (Anderson and DeTurk 2002). Lifetime risk estimates using relative risk transport were based on ERR models. For these calculations,\nfor cancer incidence, and\nfor cancer mortality. The ERR(D, e, a) was obtained from models shown in Tables 12-1, 12-2, and 12-3. The \u03bbIc(a) represents sex- and age-specific 1995\u20131999 U.S. cancer incidence rates from Surveillance Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) regi", "What are the available file formats and dimensions for the design mentioned in the text", "Poehler said, \u201cVery excited. I\u2019m happy to get to work with Tina again, always, and really, really, happy they are having us back.\u201d\nSo are we! Here are few things we\u2019re looking forward to:\nAnother Killer Opening Monologue\nThat James Cameron joke is still funny\u2026\nGetting \u2018Sloppy\u2019 Once Again\nOh, these two must always have drinks in their hands.\nLooking Fabulous Whi", "What are the steps mentioned for creating a YouTube channel", "I logged into my bank account online today and saw this:\nI\u2019m not sure I\u2019m happy about seeing advertising ON my actual transactions. It\u2019s bad enough when I go to the ATM I have to click NO to every off", "Who emerged victorious with 45 points in the competition hosted by Seamus McConalogue", "What was the primary purpose of the National Margarita Day party held by GUAPO\u2019s", "latex dragon wings with elasticated shoulder straps Size measures24...\nPixie green and silver net wingsGreen net pixie wings with silver glitter design with elasticated ar..\nFairy wand gold with a fur marabou decorationLength of wand 14\" / 35cmSuitable for adults and childr..\nBabies fairy pink and silver net wingsPink net pixie wings with silver glitter design with elasticat..\nToddler fairy white and silver net wingsWhite net pixie wings with silver glitter design with elasti..\nFairy Wings White Silver GlitterThe most popular wings we sellWhite net elasticated wings with silve..\nHarry Potter wandPlastic dark brown wand suitable for the character Harry PotterSuitable for adults ..\nHarry Potter style wandPlastic dark brown wand with lights and sound effects suitable for the charac..", "What reason is mentioned for considering a change to a community-based bank", "What did the ACB find during the search of ACP Y Narsimha Reddy's house", "this book has made me see the joy in all things,\u201d said Neely, who composed her notable chapter for the anthology in January. It\u2019s allowed me to turn negatives into positives and see life through new eyes. This book has shown me that what I\u2019ve experienced sets the stage to encourage and empower so many other military spouses hurting and have no idea where to start after a divorce. It is my hope they will take joy from my story and also find joy in their journeys.\u201d\nApproximately two months removed from having made her authorship debut, Neely is seemingly just warming up as a relatively new author.\nThat\u2019s because the Alton, Illinois native has announced that her solo-authored written work, Positioned To Serve, is currently in the works and scheduled to debut sometime in 2022.\nAs for her appearance in Finding Joy In the Journey Vol 2 Healthy Ways To Find Joy During Difficult Times 90 Day Devotional, Neely is grateful of the notion that her awe-inspiring message will enrich the lives of others for years to come.\n\u201cIt doesn\u2019t matter whether you finalized your divorce yesterday or if you\u2019ve been single for years, finding joy after a divorce may seem impossible,\u201d Neely explained. \u201cLet\u2019s not sugarcoat the situation. Divorce is hard and one of the most difficult things anyone of us can experience. However, take note that there\u2019s still light at the end of the tunnel and God has a plan for your life.\u201d\nThat, after all, serves as a notable reminder that there\u2019s great power when we steadfastly find the strength to encourage ourselves in the Lord our God, a trend that played out on Neely\u2019s Facebook timeline just before midday Thursday.\nNEED NATIONAL MEDIA EXPOSURE? CALL TODAY: 901.690.6587\n\u201cFind yourself again and the things you have always wanted to do,\u201d Neely said. \u201cFind the support you need to heal so that you can truly live your best life.\u201d\nEven after a tumultuous, stormy broken marriage that ultimately ends in a dreaded divorce.\nAfter all, weeping may endure a night, but joy \u2014 in the journey \u2014 comes in the morning.\nBUY NEELY\u2019S BOOK:https://mamasbrownsugar.com/\nFor more information about Huntsville, Alabama author Barbara Neely, to inquire about her books or to schedule her for a public appearance or speaking engagement, call 256-258-8670, or connect with her via social media at: https://www.facebook.com/barb.neely. Also, send email to: firstname.lastname@example.org.\nCONNECT WITH THIS AWARD-WINNING JOURNALIST FOR MEDIA EXPOSURE\nEDITOR\u2019S NOTE: If you are an entrepreneur, business owner, producer, author, athlete, musician, barber, life coach, motivational speaker, cosmetologist, tax preparer, model, or pastor/minister who is seekin", "What is the purpose of the funds announced by the Commodity Credit Corporation for the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Initiative", "What is the primary use of Tamoxifen Citrate according to the text segment", "What were the results of the energy education project in Crete, Greece, regarding the energy behavior of students and their parents", "What factors can improve the wholesale value of my gear when selling it to DrummerSuperStore\u00ae", "What initiative does The Compost Revolution promote and what are its main objectives", "Trained in Management and an early member of the British Institute of Management and the Institute of Directors, John has worked with psychometric profiles for over fifteen years and completed thousands of individual profiles.\nWith a background in IT, John has also developed a unique software application that allows management and staff to contribute positively in the solution of challenges that affect almost any part of the business.\nPositivity is at the core of everything that John develops. Communication in business, whether it be one to one, or one to many, is central to achieving outstanding performance.\nJohn and his team have worked with managers and directors across a range of businesses to help with everything from straightforward recruitment, to solving people based challenges. Designing and working with teams, helping management and staff communicate using a simple common language that allows everyone to look for the strengths in others to be able to capitalise on those to increase individual and team performance.\nJohn has now structured a new business in the form of \u201cProfile People\u201d to enable as wide a range of people to be able to benefit from this knowledge and experience, and to be able to deliver these same solutions to their \"CLIENTS\"\nThe business model is simple \u2013 we start with psychometric profiles (questionaires), delivered over the internet to anable us to discover your strengths. where feedback reports are only ever delivered to individuals in a face to face environment. This is key to John\u2019s quality and continuity commitment.\nFrom there you can decide how you would like to move forward", "What was the total weight of Brandon Medlock's catch on each of the days of the tournament", "What major event coincides with President Hu Jintao's visit to Cambodia", "Who is leading the EverStart Championship and how much is his lead", "Effective education for energy efficiency\nA lot of today's world vices can be eliminated if certain targeted modules and adapted curricula are introduced in the schooling system. One of these vices is energy squandering with all its negative consequences for the planet (e.g. depletion of finite energy sources and the subsequent climate change). This paper describes the results of an energy-thrift information and education project taking place in different levels of education in Crete--Greece, which records 321 students' and their parents' routine energy-related behavior and proves that this behavior changes to a more energy efficient one, after the dissemination of relevant information and the participation into the energy education projects. Namely, response percentages indicating the energy-efficient behavior increased after project participation while the ones indicating an energy-squandering behavior decreased. The Wilcoxon signed rank test was statistically significant in all energy behavior questions related to students and to most questions related to parents.\nIf you experience problems downloading a file, check if you have the proper application to view it first. In case of further problems read the IDEAS help page. Note that these files are not on the IDEAS site. Please be patient as the files may be large.\nAs the access to this document is restricted, you may want to look for a different version under \"Related research\" (further below) or search for a different version of it.\nReferences listed on IDEAS\nPlease report citation or reference errors to , or , if you are the registered author of the cited work, log in to your RePEc Author Service profile, click on \"citations\" and make appropriate adjustments.:\n- Jennings, Philip & Lund, Chris, 2001. \"Renewable energy education for sustainable development,\" Renewable Energy, Elsevier, vol. 22(1), pages 113-118.\n- Dias, Rubens A. & Mattos, Cristiano R. & Balestieri, Jose A. P., 2004. \"Energy education", "What time and date is the National Night Out block party taking place", "Providence finds its Fortune\nSeptember, 8, 2010\nBy Adam Finkelstein, ESPN Recruiting\nJosh Fortune (Hampton, Va./Kecoughtan), a 6-foot-5 swingman from the Class of 2012, committed to Providence while on an unofficial visit late last month. I got the chance to watch Fortune play late in July as he helped Boo Williams U16 squad to a top five finis", "The Old Stone Church sits on the bank of the Wachusett Reservoir. To provide the city of Boston with water, dams were built and entire communities disappeared as reservoirs fo", "What steps does the Moon Township Police Department take if a person being monitored presses 2 or does not respond during the Home Alone Monitoring", "What information is required for the emergency contact for the Home Alone Monitoring service", "What are some measures that can be taken to manage risks in interconnected supply chains according to the text", "What are the benefits of the electric supercharger system mentioned in the text", "What will the town council do at its next meeting on Thursday, June 14", "stries, whereas the \u03bbMc (a) are sex- and age-specific 1995\u20131999 U.S. cancer mortality rates (http://seer.cancer.gov/csr/1975_2000), where c designates the cancer site or category. These rates were available for each 5-year age group with linear interpolation used to develop estimates for single years of age. With the exception of the category \u201call solid cancers,\u201d the same ERR models were used to estimate both cancer incidence and mortality.\nLifetime risk estimates using absolute risk transport were based on EAR models (see \u201cTransport of Risks from a Japanese to a U.S. Population\u201d). For estimating cancer incidence, M(D, e, a) is taken to be the EAR(D, e, a) based on the models shown in Tables 12-1, 12-2, and 12-3. For estimating mortality from all solid cancers, the EAR mortality model shown in Table 12-1 was used directly. For estimating site-specific cancer mortality, it was necessary to adjust the EAR(D, e, a) from Tables 12-2 and 12-3 by multiplying by \u03bbMc (a)/\u03bbIc (a), the ratio of the sex- and age-specific mortality and incidence rates for the U.S. population. That is, for site-specific mortality,\nLeukemia merits special comment. The approach for deriving incidence and mortality estimates based on relative and absolute risk transport is the same for leukemia as for other site-specific cancers, despite the fact that leukemia models were developed from LSS mortality data rather than incidence data as for other sites. This is because LSS leukemia data were obtained at a time when this disease was nearly always rapidly fatal, so that estimates of leukemia mortality should closely approximate those for leukemia incidence. In the last few decades, however, marked progress has been made in treating leukemia, and the disease is not always fatal. Thus, the committee has used the EAR model shown in Table 12-3 to estimate leukemia incidence, but has adjusted the EAR(D, s, e, a) from Table 12-3 in the manner described above to obtain estimates of leukemia mortality. In all cases, the U.S. leukemia baseline rates were for all leukemias excluding CLL.\nModels for leukemia differ from those for solid cancers in that risk is expressed as a function of age at exposure (e) and time since exposure (t) instead of age at exposure and attained age (a). Since t = a \u2212 e, ERR(D, e, a) or EAR(D, e, a) is obtained by substituting a \u2212 e for t in the models presented in Table 12-3. Note further that for the period 2\u20135 years after exposure, the EAR is assumed to be the same as that at 5 years after exposure. That is, for a = e + 2 to e + 5, M(D, e, a) = M(D, e, e + 5).\nThe approach described above for obtaining estimates based on absolute transport differs from that used by UNSCEAR (2000b) and NIH (2003), where M(D, e, a) for", ": breaking up the rational energy use barriers,\" Energy Policy, Elsevier, vol. 32(11), pages 1339-1347, July.\n- Newborough, M. & Getvoldsen, P. & Probert, D. & Page, P., 1991. \"Primary- and secondary-level energy education in the UK,\" Applied Energy, Elsevier, vol. 40(2), pages 119-156.\n- Tsoutsos, Theocharis & Maria, Efpraxia & Mathioudakis, Vassilis, 2007. \"Sustainable siting procedure of small hydroelectric plants: The Greek experience,\" Energy Policy, Elsevier, vol. 35(5), pages 2946-2959, May.\n- Newborough, M. & Probert, D., 1994. \"Purposeful energy education in the UK,\" Applied Energy, Elsevier, vol. 48(3), pages 243-259.\n- Ajzen, Icek, 1991. \"The theory of planned behavior,\" Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes, Elsevier, vol. 50(2), pages 179-211, December.\nWhen requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:eee:enepol:v:36:y:2008:i:8:p:3216-3222. See general information about how to correct material in RePEc.\nFor technical questions regarding this item, or to correct its authors, title, abstract, bibliographic or download information, contact: (Zhang, Lei)\nIf you have authored this item and are not yet registered with RePEc, we encourage you to do it here. This allows to link your profile to this item. It also allows you to accept potential citations to this item that we are uncertain about.\nIf references are entirely missing, you can add them using this form.\nIf the full references list an item that is present in RePEc, but the system did not link to it, you can help with this form.\nIf you know of missing items citing this one, you can help us creating those links by adding the relevant references in the same way as above, for each refering item. If you are a registered author of this item, you may also want to check the \"citations\" tab in your profile, as there may be some citations waiting for confirmation.\nPlease note that corrections may take a couple of weeks to filter through the various RePEc services.", "Hyderabad: The sleuths of Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) Telangana arrested 8 persons including tainted Assistant Commissioner of police Y Narsimha Reddy in a multi-crore worth land scam case.\nThe eight reportedly cheated the government by illegally selling and acquiring \u2018prohibited\u2019 land in Madhapur area of market value worth Rs 50 crore.\nThe fraud dates back to 2016 when four Gopagoni Sajjan Goud, Poreddy Thirupati Reddy, Yerra Chandrashekar and Arjula Jaipal fraudulently converted \u2018prohibited government land\u2019 (listed under u/s 22-A (1) (a) of registration Act, into gift deeds.\nThe property belongs to government and was allocated to APIIC and HUDA, respectively. However the four got it registered in their names as gift deeds when in reality their fathers held no ownership title.\nThey created fake documents and house numbers. A large chunk of government land was divided into 4 house plots of each measuring Rs 490 square yards in survey number 64 of Madhapur. It is pertinent to note that the property is a real-estate jewel as it is located opposite to Cyber towers.\nTwo years later, four buyers including the corrupt officer Y Narsimha Reddy\u2019s wife Y. Manga , Madhukar, Bandi Chandra Reddy and Bathini Reddy purchased the property. The fraud was no secret to them.\nThe lid blew off in 2020, when the crime investigating agency raided", "le Holding Those Drinks\nAmy\u2019s Acceptance Speech\nMaybe the oft-nominated Best Actress in a Comedy will finally win\u2026 and bring up George Clooney to help her accept the Globe.\n\u201cExtra\u201d caught up with actress Amy Poehler as she celebrated the 100th episode of \u201cParks and Recreation,\u201d and she was jubilant about hosting the next two Golden Globes with good pal Tina Fey", "DOBBINS HEIGHTS \u2014 The proposed budget for the fiscal year 2018-19 has been slightly altered to be consistent with the most recent public safety contract between Dobbins Heights and the city of Hamlet.\nMayor Antonio Blue said that this year\u2019s public safety budget is actually $30,000 instead of $28,000, and $2,000 from the administration budget was moved over to publi", "SPACE FM confirm contract with Rever Offshore\nPosted on Thu, 2019-01-31 14:44 by Company News\nSPACE Facilities Management (FM) are pleased to announce that from Friday 1st February 2019, they will assume responsibility for running the facilities at the Rever Offshore buildings, Atmosphere One and Hangar, in Westhill, Aberdeen.\nSPACE FM are very experienced operators in the field of FM and over recent years have developed a highly-regarded reputation for the delivery of services to several organisations operating in the Oil & Gas industries in and around Aberdeenshire.\nSpeaking about the new contract, Shona Dunsmore, Head of Facilities Management said, \"Our company aim is to \u2018c", "What products are mentioned in the text segment", "What is the deadline for submitting applications for the BEACH Act grants for eligible States and Tribes", "What prompted Barbara Neely to become a co-author in the anthology 'Finding Joy In the Journey Vol 2'", "What are the indications for using tamoxifen", "Been ages since I made any jelly. some weeks back, my running group had a mini pot luck after our regular weekend runs. With any pot luck, I would normally prefer to bring something from my kitchen instead of buying. But honestly, running at 630am and preparing food smack before the run sounds a bit incomprehensible to me. So I figured out that other than sandwiches, perhaps chilled fruity and sweet jelly might just do the trick. So Konnyaku Jelly came along...\nSince it was to pre celebrate CNY, I told the group that I will be bringing some \"Ong Ong\" Jelly. Its Konnyaku with eggs and pineapple. For the uninitiated, the pineapple in Chinese \"wong lai\" sounds prosperity coming one's way.\nChilled Konnyaku to quench our thirst and ease our hunger after a run.\nIts petty much a simple recipe. Thus I repeated it for our CNY dessert and again for tonight's pot luck with my doggie pals. Its something that can be made a day or two before you need it. The packaging comes with simple instructions that even kitchen noobs can make it!\nIngredients (to make 20 little jellies using the common konnyaku jelly mould):\n\u2022 1 packet konnyaku je", "starting in the bayous, hitting the river mid-day and then finishing in the bayous. I've been using homemade crankbaits, CP Lures and today I got a couple of keepers on the Alabama Rig.\nMedlock had a breakdown on day 1 and only brought in one bass that weighed 1-04. Since then he's been on a tear, bringing in the heaviest sack of the tournament on day 2, and followed that up with 12-13 today.\nHere are the totals for the 10 anglers who'll compete on the final day:\n1. Koby Kreiger: 29-00\n2. Brandon Medlock: 28-08\n3. (tie) Joseph Kremer: 25-04\n3. (tie) Kent Ware: 24-04\n5. Larry Jones: 25-03\n6. Dan Morehead: 24-12\n7. Bill Chapman: 24-12\n8. (tie) James Stricklin Jr.: 24-03\n8. (tie) Robbie Dodson: 24-03\n10. Casey Martin: 23-00", "h at AAU nationals. He made a quick name for himself that week, dropping 36 points on a talented Southern Kings squad and showing constant signs of his potential with an athletic frame and a good 3-point shooting stroke. Perhaps most impressive was the fact he was still only 15 years old at the time. Obviously, Providence was impressed as well.", "to improve your business performance creating a synergy from the strengths of individuals in your teams.\nProfile-P has grown out of a previous business:\nBusiness Improvement Associates\nProfile \u2013 P - Values\n\u201cProfiles\u201d for people who want to improve performance.\nWe all have our own way of doing things, learned over many years of success and failure.\nWe are taught how to do things right \u2013 by others who measure us by their values.\nNo one teaches us how to communicate \u2013 where consequences for getting it wrong are greater than we can understand at the time.\nYou will benefit significantly if you create a picture of your strengths in your mind such that you are not afraid to be wrong and happy to help others with things they are not good at.\nProfile \u2013 P is here to help you \u2013 all you have to do is ask.\nWe make mistakes as you do, but we always try to learn from those to create new beginnings and better ways forward.\nWe are not like the typical consultancy that writes reports about the things you have told us.\nWe do not try and reinvent the wheel or create procedures that match the expected norms.\nWe do work with you and your teams to allow everyone to be positive and creative, to empower everyone to find better ways to achieve an end result - or more...\nWe can bring a wealth of experience in business to help you understand the possibilities for the future, providing you with choices that you may or may not to wish to take, you are in control.\nIf you would like to understand your strengths and be able to share them openly with others \u2013 pick up the phone and call us or just e-mail a request for your own profile today", "to tamoxifen. It is a substrate of CYP-450 3A, 2C9, 2D6, and an inhibitor of P-glycoprotein.\nTamoxifen half-life is 5 to 7 days; 65% of a dose is excreted over a 2-wk period, with fecal excretion as the primary route of elimination. N-desmethyl tamoxifen half-life is approximately 14 days.\nHepatic Function Impairment\nThe effects of reduced liver function have not been determined.\nThe effects of age on the pharmacokinetics of tamoxifen have not been determined.\nIn pediatric patients, an average steady-state C max and AUC were 187 ng/mL and 4,110 ng\u2022h/mL, respectively, and steady-state C max occurred approximately 8 h after dosing. Cl/F as body weight adjusted in female pediatric patients was approximately 2.3-fold higher than in female breast cancer patients. In the youngest cohort of female pediatric patients (2 to 6 y of age), Cl/F was 2.6-fold higher; in the oldest cohort (7 to 10.9 y of age), Cl/F was approximately 1.9-fold higher.\nThe effects of gender on the pharmacokinetics of tamoxifen have not been determined.\nThe effects of race on the pharmacokinetics of tamoxifen have not been determined.\nIndications and Usage\nFor the treatment of node-positive breast cancer in postmenopausal women following total mastectomy or segmental mastectomy, axillary dissection, and breast irradiation; for the treatment of axillary node-negative breast cancer in women following total mastectomy or segmental mastectomy, axillary dissection, and breast irradiation; in women with ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) following breast surgery and radiation to reduce the risk of invasive breast cancer; treatment of metastatic breast cancer in women and men; to reduce the incidence of breast cancer in women at high risk of breast cancer.\nOvulation stimulation in specially selected anovulatory women desiring pregnancy; management and treatment of some types of mastalgia (eg, cyclical); malignant carcinoid tumor and carcinoid syndrome; migraine associated with menstruation; oligozoospermia; McCune-Albright syndrome in female pediatric patients (in combination with other agents); metastatic melanoma; desmoid tumors; gynecomastia.\nHypersensitivity to drug; women who require concomitant coumarin-type anticoagulant therapy or women with a history of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) or pulmonary embolus (PE) (reduction of breast cancer incidence in high-risk women/DCIS only).\nDosage and Administration\nPO 20 to 40 mg daily for 5 y.\nDuctal Carcinoma In Situ, Reduction in Breast Cancer Incidence in High-Risk Women\nPO 20 mg daily for 5 y.\nDivide dosages greater than 20 mg/day (morning and evening).\nStore between 68\u00b0 and 77\u00b0F. Protect from light.\nTamoxifen concentrations may be reduced. Coadministration is not recommended.\nPlasma concentrations of anastrozole may be decreased. Do not coadminister.\nTamoxifen concentrations may be increased. An addition, bromocriptine GI adverse reactions (eg, abdominal pain) may be increased. Avoid coadministration if serious bromocriptine adverse reactions occur.\nCation exchange resins (eg, sodium polystyrene sulfonate)\nCoadministration of cation exchange resins and tamoxifen may cause serious GI adverse events such as colonic necrosis. Coadministration is not recommended.\nContact Person: Penny", "and modern design. Available for free in vector (editable) and jpeg formats.\nDimension: 1,600 x 1,200 (JPG)\nFile Format: EPS vector, JPG\nSize: 2.56Mb-vectore, 303Kb-JP", "What is the main purpose of Profile-P as described in the text", "er my bank puts out there. This may be the kick in the butt I need to make the change to a community based bank for our personal accounts.\nWhat do you think? Have you noticed this online at your bank", "ntributed prizes to the barrel, purchased a chance, or came out to the party to support the initiative. Collectively, we really can make a difference!\u201d\nThe evening also included an opportunity for party-goers to learn more about Big Brothers Big Sisters and the work they do on the Cape. Currently, the organization has 80 littles awaiting mentors. They are particularly in need of male mentors.\n\u201cWe are so grateful for Guapo\u2019s, Nauset Disposal, CCBM, Bayside Tent and the many other businesses who donated to make this night a huge success!\u201d, said JR Mell, Regional Director for BBBSCCI. \u201cThis event raised much needed funding to support our mission and was the perfect venue to kick off our \u201c30 Guys in 30 Days\u201d campaign. In one night we were able to sign up 4 male volunteers who stepped up to make a difference in the life of a child right here on the Cape!\u201d\nThe National Margarita Day party is part of GUAPO\u2019s long-standing \u201cGUAPO\u2019s GIVES\u201d initiative, through which they raise thousands of dollars annually for local non-profit groups. GUAPO\u2019s is located at 136 Route 6A (Staples Plaza) in Orleans with a second seasonal location in Brewster. For more information, visit guaposcapecod.com, facebook.com/guaposcapecod or call 508-255-3338", "rmed. The Old Stone Church was a part of one community. It stands but the community moved on. Today the church is part of a park and is on National Register of Historic Places", "PURCHASING USED GEAR\nBUY | SELL | TRADE\nHOW CAN I GET THE MOST WHEN SELLING MY GEAR?\nDrummerSuperStore\u00ae buys all kinds of musical instruments and equipment daily. We do offer the best possible price to every seller, based on the supply, demand and condition of your specific products. However, making sure the product is clean, functional and has all of the related accessories, manuals and adapters will certainly improve the wholesale value of your gear.\nHOW WILL YOU VALUE MY EQUIPMENT?\nOur certified buyers receive extensive training on how to appropriately value all categories of musical instruments and equipment. In a \u201ctypical\u201d situation,", "What can be attached to the curtain rods in the text segment", "What is the method used for estimating leukemia mortality according to this text segment", "|SWIFTREACH 911 EMERGENCY NOTIFICATION|\n|The Moon Township Police Department is now taking requests from our residents for Home Alone Monitoring.\nAny citizen in need may contact us for this service. We are able to set up a daily monitoring by means of Swiftreach.\nThe system will automatically telephone the person once or twice a day depending on their needs. The person in need will receive this message: \u201cThis is the Moon Township Police Department. If you are okay, press 1; if you are not okay, press 2.\u201d If the person presses number 2 or fails to press any number, the emergency contact will be called.\nEmergency contacts may be another family member, friend, neighbor, etc. In some cases where no family is available, the police may be used as the emergency contact by permission of the Chief of Police.\nName of the person in need.\nAddress of the person in need.\nPhone number of the person i", "Increasing automation and interconnectivity in the world's industrial factories is unwittingly helping them become more vulnerable to cyber attacks, a statement from Allianz says.\nUtilities providers in the Ukraine, Israel and Germany have been recent cyber attack targets, demonstrating that hackers are likely to go for industrial control systems (ICS) or complete shutdowns.\nICS is increasingly becoming a major vulnerability, numbering 295 ICS cyber attacks in the US last year. Allianz says these attacks could potentially result in physical damage such as explosions, as well as business interruptions from outside attacks, technical failure and operator error.\nICS processes were often designed in an era before cyber security, so they are inevitably more vulnerable, says Nigel Pearson, global head of fidelity at AGCS.\nAllianz says similar risks plague the manufacturing industry as more companies adopt smart technology, including automation, robots and connected supply chains. The risks for insurers are now greater, but the opportunities are too.\n\u201cContinuous monitoring and predictive maintenance of automated production lines will reduce small scale frequency losses and increase equipment lifetime. Supply chains will be better monitored, more", "What has changed in the proposed budget for the fiscal year 2018-19 regarding public safety funding in Dobbins Heights", "ations.gov or e-mail. The http://www.regulations.gov Web site is an \"anonymous access'' system, which means EPA will not know your identity or contact information unless you provide it in the body of your comment. If you send an e-mail comment directly to EPA without going through http://www.regulations.gov, your e-mail address will be automatically captured and included as part of the comment that is placed in the public docket and made available on the Internet. If you submit an electronic comment, EPA recommends that you include your name and other contact information in the body of your comment and with any disk or CD-ROM you submit. If EPA cannot read your comment due to technical difficulties and cannot contact you for clarification, EPA may not be able to consider your comment. Electronic files should avoid the use of special characters, any form of encryption, and be free of any defects or viruses. For additional information about EPA's public docket visit the EPA Docket Center homepage at http://www.epa.gov/epahome/dockets.htm.\nDocket: All documents in the docket are listed in the http:// www.regulations.gov index. Although listed in the index, some information is not publicly available, e.g., CBI or other information whose disclosure is restricted by statute. Certain other material, such as copyrighted material, will be publicly available only in hard copy. Publicly available docket materials are available either electronically in http://www.regulations.gov or in hard copy at the Board of Scientific Counselors (BOSC), Executive Committee Meeting--February 9- 10, 2009 Docket, EPA/DC, EPA West, Room B102, 1301 Constitution Ave., NW., Washington, DC. The Public Reading Room is open from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday, excluding legal holidays. The telephone number for the Public Reading Room is (202) 566-1744, and the telephone number for the ORD Docket is (202) 566-1752.\nFOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The Designated Federal Officer via mail at:\nHeather Drumm, Mail Code 8104-R, Office of Science Policy, Office of Research and Development, Environmental Protection Agency, 1200 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW., Washington, DC 20460; via phone/voice mail at: (202) 564-8239; via fax at: (202) 565-2911; or via e-mail at: firstname.lastname@example.org.\nAGENCY: Environmental Protection Agency.\nACTION: Notice of Availability of 2009 BEACH Act Grants.\nSUMMARY: The Beaches Environmental Assessment and Coastal Health (BEACH) Act, signed into law on October 10, 2000, amended the Clean Water Act (CWA), to incorporate provisions to reduce the risk of illness to users of the Nation's recreational waters. Section 406(b) of the CWA, as amended by the BEACH Act, authorizes the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to award grants to eligible States, Territories, Tribes, and local governments to develop and implement programs for monitoring coastal recreation waters, including the Great Lakes, and notifying the public of the potential exposure to disease- causing\nmicroorganisms in these waters. EPA encourages coastal and Great Lakes States to apply for BEACH Act grants to implement effective and comprehensive coastal recreation water monitoring and public notification programs (\"implementation grants''). EPA also encourages coastal and Great Lakes Tribes to apply for BEACH Act grants to develop effective and comprehensive coastal recreation water monitoring and public notification programs (\"development grants'').\nDATES: States, Erie County Pennsylvania, and those Tribes that previously received BEACH Act grants, must submit applications on or before March 24, 2009. Other eligible Tribes should notify the relevant EPA Regional BEACH Act grant coordinator of their interest in applying for a grant on or before March 9, 2009. Upon receipt of a Tribe's notice of interest, EPA will establish an appropriate application deadline.\nADDRESSES: You must send your application to the appropriate EPA Regional Grant Coordinator listed in this notice under SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION, Section VI.\nFOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Rich Healy, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave., NW., (4305T), Washington, DC 20460, 202-566-0405, email@example.com", "AGENCY: Natural Resources Conservation Service and Commodity Credit Corporation, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).\nACTION: Notice of availability of program funds for the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Initiative.\nSUMMARY: The Commodity Credit Corporation (CCC) announces the availability of an additional $23 million of technical and financial assistance funds in fiscal year (FY) 2009 through the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Initiative to agricultural producers in eligible states. These states are: Delaware, Maryland, New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia. The Chesapeake Bay Watershed Initiative funds are available to help producers implement natural resources conservation practices on agricultural lands in the Chesapeake Bay watershed.\nDATES: January 22, 2009.\nFOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Lillian Woods, Acting Director, Conservation Planning and Technical Assistance Division, Natural Resources Conservation Service, P.O. Box 2890, Washington, DC 20013; phone (202) 720-8851; fax (202) 720-2998. Submit electronic requests for additional information to: email@example.com.\nAGENCY: Department of Energy.\nACTION: Notice of open meeting.\nSUMMARY: This notice announces a meeting of the Basic Energy Sciences Advisory Committee (BESAC). Federal Advisory Committee Act (Pub. L. 92- 463, 86 Stat. 770) requires that public notice of these meetings be announced in the Federal Register.\nDATES: Thursday, February 26, 2009, 8:30 a.m.-5 p.m., and Friday, February 27, 2009, 8:30 a.m. to 12 noon.\nADDRESSES: Bethesda North Marriott Hotel and Conference Center; 5701 Marinelli Road, North Bethesda, MD 20852.\nFOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Katie Perine, Office of Basic Energy Sciences, U.S. Department of Energy, Germantown Building, Independence Avenue, Washington, DC 20585; Telephone: (301) 903-3081.\nAGENCY: Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).\nACTION: Notice of meetings.\nSUMMARY: Pursuant to the Federal Advisory Committee Act, Public Law 92- 463, the Environmental Protection Agency, Office of Research and Development (ORD), gives notice of one meeting of the Board of Scientific Counselors (BOSC) Executive Committee.\nDATES: The meeting will be held on February 9, 2009, from 2 p.m. to 5:15 p.m. EDT and continued on February 10, 2009, from 8:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. EDT. The meeting may adjourn early if all business is finished. Requests for the draft agenda or for making oral presentations at the meeting will be accepted up to one business day before the meeting.\nADDRESSES: The meeting will be held at the Marriott Courtyard Arlington Crystal City, 2899 Jefferson Davis Highway, Arlington, VA 22202. Submit your comments, identified by Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-ORD-2008-0943, by one of the following methods:\nhttp://www.regulations.gov: Follow the on-line instructions for submitting comments.\nE-mail: Send comments by electronic mail (e-mail) to: ORD.Docket@epa.gov, Attention Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-ORD-2008-0943.\nFax: Fax comments to: (202) 566-0224, Attention Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-ORD-2008-0943.\nMail: Send comments by mail to: Board of Scientific Counselors (BOSC), Executive Committee Meeting--2008 Docket, Mailcode: 28221T, 1200 Pennsylvania Ave., NW., Washington, DC 20460, Attention Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-ORD-2008-0943.\nHand Delivery or Courier. Deliver comments to: EPA Docket Center (EPA/DC), Room B102, EPA West Building, 1301 Constitution Avenue, NW., Washington, DC, Attention Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-ORD-2008- 0943. Note: this is not a mailing address. Such deliveries are only accepted during the docket's normal hours of operation, and special arrangements should be made for deliveries of boxed information.\nInstructions: Direct your comments to Docket ID No. EPA-HQ-ORD- 2008-0943. EPA's policy is that all comments received will be included in the public docket without change and may be made available online at http://www.regulations.gov, including any personal information provided, unless the comment includes information claimed to be Confidential Business Information (CBI) or other information whose disclosure is restricted by statute. Do not submit information that you consider to be CBI or otherwise protected through http:// www.regul", "What did Poehler express about working with Tina", "What factors are increasing the vulnerability of industrial factories to cyber attacks according to Allianz", "What is the purpose of President Hu Jintao's visit to Phnom Penh", "What was the reasoning behind Rever Offshore's decision to contract SPACE FM for their services", "Welcome to the Mount Alexander Shire Council Compost Revolution site, your one-stop-shop for composting and wormfarming. Composting and wormfarming is easy to do and prevents the wasteful transport of food scraps to landfill where they produce harmful greenhouse gases. You can halve your rubbish and return vital nutrients to the soil to grow your veggies in.\nYou can learn all the basics of composting and wormfarin", "How much money did the Cape Cod community raise for Big Brothers Big Sisters during the National Margarita Day celebration", "What factors can cause the value of products to fluctuate when selling to DrummerSuperStore\u00ae", "the house of ACP Y Narsimha Reddy and unearthed properties worth Rs 70 crore. During the searches, ACB found documents of 55 acres of land in AP, 4 plots measuring 1960 square yards of land opposite to Cyber towers in Madhapur, 2 houses plots, one commercial G+3 building in Hafeezpet, Rs 15 lakh cash balance, 2 bank lockers. The market value of these properties will be around Rs 70 Crores, ACB said.\n\u201cProbe revealed fictitious house numbers and wrong PTIN. The buyers showed the purchase price as Rs 80 lakhs, each. The prime property was purchased for Rs 4 crore against the government value of Rs 6 crore\u201d ACB found. While the market value is above Rs 50 crore.\nA source told Newsmeter, \u201cTo avoid tax, the four fraudsters paid Rs 20,000 per square yard against the Rs 30,000 by showing a fictitious road. There is no original sale transactions\u201d.\nThe extensive operation is based on the inputs provided by reliable sources. \u201cThe ACP acquired assets disproportionate to his legal source of income by indulging in corrupt practice. A case of disproportionate assets has been registered against him\u2019 ACB said.\nThe officer earlier worked as a sub-inspector in Hyderabad Commissionerte\u2019s task force wing before he was promoted as an Inspector. He served in Uppal, Begumpet and other law and order police stations including the Central Crime Station.", "n need.\nThe name of the emergency contact.\nThe address of the emergency contact.\nThe primary and secondary phone numbers of the emergency contact.\nThe e-mail address, if available, of the emergency contact.\nIn some special cases the police may be authorized to be the emergency contact.\nFor further inquiry or to request the Home Alone Monitoring service\nCall 412-262-5000 and ask to speak with Chief McCarthy related to the Home Alone Monitoring service orEmail : email@example.com\n|In our efforts to provide more reliable communications with residents and businesses in Moon Township, we have implemented Swiftreach as our emergency notification provider.\nSwift911 is simply a system that makes phone calls to specific people or areas in the event of an emergency or for sharing information\nAll the calls you receive will have the Caller ID of 'Moon Township' or 'Moon Township Police Department'", "The local business community, with the help of hundreds of Cape Codders, turned National Margarita Day into a BIG win for the Cape Cod Chapter of Big Brothers Big Sisters!\nOn Thursday, February 22, the community raised $4,000 for the non-profit organization during the National Margarita Day celebration at GUAPO\u2019s Orleans. Nauset Disposal, Cape Cod Broadcasting and Bayside Tent co-hosted the fundraiser, helping reach the 4K tally.\nThe annual fundraiser featured a festive party where revelers enjoyed a heated tent, margarita samples, food stations and a boomerang photo booth in exchange for a donation to Big Brothers Big Sisters. Additional funds were raised through the annual Blizzard Barrel giveaway. Party goers purchased chances to win the 95-gallon Nauset Disposal barrel, which was filled with products, gift cards, sports tickets and more donated by local businesses\u2026.a total of more than $2,000 in prizes! More than 40 local businesses contributed to the prize. The lucky Blizzard Barrel winner was Maryellen Kumiega of Brewster.\n\u201cIt\u2019s fantastic to see so many businesses and local residents rallying for a great cause,\u201d said Kyle Parker, Owner of GUAPO\u2019s. \u201cOn behalf of all of us at GUAPO\u2019s, we\u2019d like to thank everyone who co", "What has Neely learned from her experiences that she hopes to share with other military spouses after a divorce", "Do you uncover oneself in a circumstance the place you are surrounded with several unpaid expenses? Have not plenty of resources and can\u2019t wait for your following fork out cheque? Then, cash advance loans will absolutely help you and avails you swift resources without asking you to full wearisome software methods. This cash facility is simply offered in the lending current market. But you must be conscious whilst deciding upon the financial institution for you. To get smaller time period money advance loans deal with no going through substantially headache you will need to fulfill some pre-requisite standards which are as follows: You should be the citizen ok Uk, Your age should be at least 18 many years, Your regular revenue should be \u00a31000, You should be permanently utilized, You ought to possess valid lender account. After you meet up with the higher than described standards you\u2019ll get an prospect to grab the finances varying from \u00a3100 to \u00a31500 according to your demands and financial specifications. This total is legitimate until 14-31 days. If you need number of much more days then talk about with your lender and by having to pay nominal cost prolong it as for each your need. The loan provider will question you to fork out substantial interest charges as it is permitted with no placing any security. That is r", "ved as snake oil, and rightfully so. The power requirements for true electric supercharging are orders of magnitude beyond what anything in the space has been able to output. We set out to change that with a system finally able to drive proven centrifugal compressor geometries at the high speeds demanded for real IC forced induction.", "What information is needed to apply for a payday loan according to the text", "What are the key objectives of the Out program", "What dimensions and materials are recommended for making a box pleat valance", "What significant changes were observed in the HDRS scores for patients who participated in the Sudarshan Kriya yoga compared to the waitlist group", "What is the recommended size for custom channel art on YouTube", "What configurations and design elements does Jux implement to enhance user engagement on their sign-up page", "What impressive performance did the athlete demonstrate at AAU nationals and how old was he at the time", "A 7-09 sack today kept Koby Kreiger atop the leaderboard at the EverStart Championship on the Ouachita River out of Monroe, La. He'll carry a half-pound lead over hard-charging Brandon Medlock into the final day.\n\u010fI have a lot of work ahead of me,\u0112 said Kreiger. \u010fObviously Brandon Medlock is the angler to beat. He is sitting on a good school of fish, the kind that it\u00eds going to take to win and I am not sure my fish will produce a double-digit bag, but I\u00edm going to do everything I can.\n\u010fI had a lot of bites today, but for some reason they were all short strikes. I don\u00edt know, I think I'm going to have to try a different bait presentation to get the bigger ones to bite. I\u00edve been doing pretty much the same thing all week,", "What is the lifetime attributable risk (LAR) and how does it differ from the risk of exposure-induced death (REID) and excess lifetime risk (ELR) in terms of cancer mortality estimation", "Jux is the best showcase for your content. It\u2019s great for blogging, portfolios, events, travel and whatever you\u2019re thinking right now. Full-screen and immersive, with no columns or blogrolls. Your pictures and words fill the page edge-to-edge: memorable, beautiful, distraction-free.\nThis is very unique design from a sign up UX perspective. They\u2019ve placed the main call to action \u201csign up\u201d botton directly under the logo, which is in a big blue speech bubble looking shape, and set it as a fixed element on the page. It\u2019s very graphically different from the other images on the page that link you off to sample image galleries, plus it\u2019s fixed in place. When you mouse over it everything get\u2019s darker ex", "What types of wings and accessories are mentioned in the text segment", "t Out is designed to:\n\u2022 Heighten crime and drug prevention awareness\n\u2022 Generate support for, and participation in, local anticrime programs\n\u2022 Strengthen neighborhood spirit and police-community partnerships\n\u2022 Send a message to criminals that neighbors are organized and fighting back\nMore info is here.", "Our electric supercharger system is less expensive than an average turbocharger to install and is also unobtrusive and completely reversible. Installation and removal can happen in minutes. Genuine aftermarket electric supercharging is finally a viable option with our ARC One kit.\nHistorically, electric superchargers have been percei", "Box pleat valance \u2013 When you create a pleated valance, first indicate that the structure created on paper. For each pleat spacing between each pleat should be six inches to eight inches. Suppose, for example, that the net is made up of five times. Most of the material is not sufficiently broad to Valances and must be drawn up. If the Council use the mosquito nets 4 \u201cback in hand, it is not necessary. In the case of the last one or two on each side of the thumb can turn on, or cut, according to the width of the window or inside the corner of the block.\nValance Board should be about 4 inches wide and long enough to come to the edge of the window casing box pleat valance. At the top of the netting must be at the level of the upper edge of the window trim or casing. For a good effect is completed, the Board should be covered with a layer of similar material on the line. The net is then affixed to the edge of the Board.\nIf the curtain rod used for netting,", "cept the call to action shape/button which changes color. Brilliantly done.\nSign Up Form\nThe sign up form is also well done. It\u2019s simple, 3 fields. It has really nicely done microcopy in the headline \u201cJoin Jux. Make it big.\u201d The submit button\u2019s text is \u201cstart creating\u201d which is great because it tells you what you\u2019re going to do next. Finally I love the username field, it visually shows you how the subdomain username.jux.com is going to work as you simply look at the form field. Then as you use it there is an \u201cavailable\u201d or \u201cunavailable\u201d image that displays as you complete the form field.\nThe signup experience on this site is really well done and unique and well worth a look when you get a chance", "Which university did the Bobcats compete against, and what is the upcoming event they are participating in", "Newly-elected captain, Robert Smallwoods invites golfers from near and far to take part in Faughan Valley Golf Club\u2019s two-day competitions coming up over the Easter period.\nOn Good Friday and Easter Saturday the club are hosting an Open Stableford competition.\nThe same format will be in operation for Easter Sunday and Easter Monday. Both competitions offer a wide range of top quality prizes for placings and there will be the customary prizes on offer for the longest drive at the signature 11th hole as well as nearest-the-pin in the 198 yard par 3, 10th hole.\nTime sheets will be in operation for both competitions so members and visitors are advised to contact the club house on 02871860707 to reserve tee times.\nThe Open Stableford competition on Saturday was won after a break of tie finish by James McLaughlin (19) 40 points, second spot went to Gregory McGlinchey (18) after he too scored 40 points and Alan McWhirter (20) with 39 points was third.\nThe JC Halliday and Sons St Patrick Day Open was claimed by Lee O\u2019Connor (9) after he finished with 41 points, second after a break of tie finish was Darren Redden (23) 41 points and Tony Griffiths (19) also on 40 points was third.\nThe gross prize went to Glenn Hinds, while the front nine was claimed by David Hyndman after scoring 21 points and Alfie Campbell with 23 points was best on the back nine.\nMeanwhile Roe Park saw a long, wet winter finally come to an end last week as the lovely Spring sunshine descended upon the resort to lift the spirits of golfers everywhere.\nWith the good weather came an influx of players keen to get good scores in for the Spring League and get their respective teams off to a good start.\nThe St Patrick\u2019s Day Open Stableford was the first of a series of competitions in the Spring League", "predictable and visible with improved tracking options and losses reduced from spoilage or expiration,\u201d explains Michael Bruch, head of Emerging Trends at AGCS.\nThe problems arise in interconnected supply chains, as technical faults embedded into code are hard to detect and can often compound resulting in a fault that could last days. The cost to a company could number in the tens of millions, Allianz says.\nThis has a ripple effect across not only the company itself, but all its interconnected supply partners.\nThese risks can be managed by maintaining \"High technical IT security standards of networks, software and mobile devices, staff awareness trainings, continuous process optimization and rigid management of access rights and guidelines must go hand in hand. To manage the residual risks, cyber insurance is becoming a core element of IT risk management for many companies,\" says Jens Krickhahn, cyber insurance expert at AGCS Central and Eastern Europe.\nAllianz predicts future trends in digitization will see the increasing importance of intangible assets such as brand management, intellectual properly, skills and supply chain assets. To insure this, packages must include risk analysis, benchmarking and mitigation advice, the company says", "President Hu Jintao arrived at Phnom Penh on Friday to strengthen ties between the nations, just days before Cambodia hosts a regional summit.\nLeaders of the five-nation BRICS bloc have reached important consensus in a just-concluded summit here, the Chinese delegation said.\nPresident Hu Jintao will kick start his first overseas trip of the year on 26th this month, and, acting on the schedule released by China\u2019s Foreign Ministry, he will attend the Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul from March 26 to 27, attend the fourth BRICS Summit in New Delhi from March 28 to 29 and pay a state visit to Cambodia from March 30 to April 2.\nHis to-be trip draws tremendous public attention both at home and abroad. What issues do you think could make", "What is the author's opinion about seeing advertising on their bank transactions", "What responsibility does SPACE Facilities Management assume starting February 1, 2019", "isky for the loan provider but by evaluating mortgage quotes of quite a few lenders you\u2019ll undoubtedly grab an affordable mortgage offer for you. Apart from, money advance payday loans are equally obtainable for all good and poor credit debtors. Loan provider will not give concern to your credit status as this approach does not adhere to any credit verification method. This way you\u2019ll simply fetch the expected total with no feeling embarrassed. No lengthy paperwork formalities are hooked up with this financial loan approach. Just fill out a simple on-line form with basic information like name, tackle, checking account facts, bank account and so forth. and submit it on-line. Lender will verifies your app and provide you simple money assist with no any headache. The accepted cash will immediately submit it in your banking account. So, really don't worry about it. Anytime uncover in require of urgent cash freely think about this bank loan facility and seize straightforward money with out any delays. Jason Jarrett has a way to dealing with loans for a extended time. Writing articles is just a way to prolong this to individuals and supply empowerment as a result of details. To find Payday Loans, no fax payday loans check out http://www.cashadvancepaydayloans.org.uk\nMY RECIPE BOX\nMember hasn't created any cookbooks yet", "What are some ingredients used in the preparation of konnyaku jelly as mentioned in the text", "we will pay 40-60% of what we have deemed to be the fair market value of your products. Every product is unique and in some circumstances, the value will fluctuate based on supply, demand, condition, currency of the product in question and other market factors.\nHOW DOES DrummerSuperStore\u00ae PAY?\nDrummerSuperStore\u00ae pays you on the spot, typically in the form of an official company check. Please bring a valid driver\u2019s license or government issued identification card as required by state laws. You must be 18 years old and the legal owner of the product to sell to DrummerSuperStore\u00ae. Proof of ownership may be requested during the buy transaction", "|Room 4331, 3th building, high-tech industrial park, yizhi road, qingshan district, wuhan, email@example.com|\n|Place of Origin:||Hubei, China|\n|Model Number:||CAS: 54965-24-1|\n|Minimum Order Quantity:||10g and 1vial|\n|Packaging Details:||Foil bag|\n|Delivery Time:||Within 24 hours after the payment|\n|Payment Terms:||T/T, Western Union, MoneyGram|\n|CAS:||54965-24-1||Delivery Time:||Within 24 Hours After The Payment|\n|Shipping Way:||FEDEX, TNT, UPS, DHL, Airmail, HK EMS...||Payment Terms:||Money Gram, Western Union, T/T|\n|Policy:||Resending Policy||Appearance:||White Powder And Tablets|\nmost effective anabolic steroid,\nboldenone undecylenate powder\nCAS 54965-24-1 Safe Nolvadex/Tamoxifen Citrate For Fitness For Weight Loss\nTamoxifen Citrate quick details:\n|Product Name:||Tamoxifen Citrate|\n|Appearance:||White power .|\n|Use:||Antitumor drugs raw material, suitable for breast cancer.|\n|Packing:||According to customer requirements for packaging|\nTamoxifen is used to treat breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body (metastatic breast cancer), to treat breast cancer in certain patients after surgery and radiation therapy, and to reduce the chances of breast cancer in high-risk patients.\nThis medication can block the growth of breast cancer. It works by interfering with the effects of estrogen in the breast tissue.\nHow to use Tamoxifen Citrate\nRead the Medication Guide provided by your pharmacist before you start using tamoxifen and each time you get a refill. If you have any questions, consult your doctor or pharmacist.\nTake this medication by mouth with or without food, usually once or twice daily for 5 years, or as directed by your doctor. Daily dosages greater than 20 milligrams are usually divided in half and taken twice a day, in the morning and evening, or as directed by your doctor. If you are using the liquid, measure the dose carefully using a special measuring device/spoon. Do not use a household spoon because you may not get the correct dose.\nDosage is based on your medical condition and response to therapy.\nUse this medication regularly to get the most benefit from it. To help you remember, take it at the same time(s) each day.\nIf you have breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body, you may experience increased bone/cancer pain and/or disease flare-up as you start taking tamoxifen. In some cases, this may be a sign of a good response to the medication. Symptoms include increased bone pain, increased tumor size, or even new tumors. These symptoms usually disappear quickly. In any case, report these symptoms right away to your doctor.\nSince this drug can be absorbed through the skin and lungs, women who are pregnant or who may become pregnant should not handle this medication or breathe the dust from the tablets. (See also Precautions section.)\n- Tablets, oral 10 mg\n- Tablets, oral 20 mg\nTamoxifen C max is 40 ng/mL (range, 35 to 45 ng/mL), T max is approximately 5 h after dosing, and steady state is achieved in approximately 4 wk. N-desmethyl tamoxifen C max is 15 ng/mL (range, 10 to 20 ng/mL). Steady state is achieved in approximately 8 wk.\nTamoxifen is extensively metabolized. The major metabolite is N-desmethyl tamoxifen with biological activity similar", "What is the main focus of John's new business titled 'Profile People'", "What is the current status of the Old Stone Church", "What is the focus of the articles mentioned in the text regarding energy education and policy", "lly\n\u2022 950ml water\n\u2022 200g sugar (Instructions says 250g...)\n\u2022 fruits - I've used 1 can of pineapple and grapes (optional)\n\u2022 1 egg (optional for 1 packet of konnyaku jelly)\n\u2022 Cut fruits to desired size. Place in moulds.\n\u2022 Place fruits in jelly mould. You can use pretty littles one as shown in picture below or just use any tub as a mould.\n\u2022 Beat up one egg\n\u2022 Mix sugar and Konnyaku jelly powder well.\n\u2022 Bring water to boil.\n\u2022 Sprinkle jelly powder and sugar mix slowly into the boiling powder making sure it dissolves well.\n\u2022 Flower egg in the boiling mixture.\n\u2022 Pour mixture into moulds.\n\u2022 Once it has cooled down, place in fridge and serve chilled:D\n\u2022 You can slice the ones made in regular tubs or mould into pretty slices if desired.\nThe different ones that I made:\nThis were made in a square pan. Honestly I was lazy to pour the mixtures into so many little moulds. So a square one was convenient and I sliced them using a jagged knife for some texture when one holds them:P\nThe regularly shaped konnyaku jelly. This is has pineapple inside. Coupled with the egg effect, its quite pretty:D\nPretty purple ones with the seedless grapes.", "What elements of the sign up form on the site are highlighted as being effective or well designed"]}