{"q_indices": [69, 81, 66, 86, 92, 124, 114, 94, 38, 79, 115, 120, 83, 39, 113, 49, 9, 59, 80, 119, 5, 0, 54, 18, 85, 106, 109, 102, 37, 67, 4, 24, 74, 32, 111, 93, 8, 91, 42, 110, 44, 108, 104, 20, 55, 31, 96, 16, 117, 70, 116, 65, 61, 125, 33, 60, 88, 45, 64, 71, 121, 47, 56, 43], "a_indices": [73, 10, 76, 84, 87, 118, 35, 123, 89, 72, 126, 19, 75, 17, 58, 122, 103, 13, 50, 11, 14, 53, 2, 68, 25, 97, 63, 7, 23, 34, 99, 57, 22, 36, 15, 27, 78, 105, 51, 41, 1, 77, 28, 40, 48, 107, 6, 127, 95, 90, 30, 29, 98, 12, 21, 100, 3, 26, 101, 52, 46, 62, 112, 82], "texts": ["What creative venture did Jeff undertake that was very successful", "Organizing is a pretty broad term, what specific services do you provide?\nWe offer a full range of organizing and efficiency solutions in addition to personal assistance services. Visit our services page to learn more.\nWhat areas or cities/towns do you work in?\nWe work with clients throughout the Greater Boston area. While many are located in communities north of the city, we\u2019ve also worked with clients in southern New Hampshire and Rhode Island.\nDo you charge hourly or on a per project basis?\nThis depends solely on the project on hand. However, we mostly charge hourly. We accept cash, checks, PayPal and credit cards.\nDo your fees include the travel time and necessary supplies?\nAgain, this depends. If travel time is more than 30 minutes, a fee will be assessed and added to the invoice. Supplies are also added to the invoice.\nHow long will it take?\nTypic", "I\u2019m pretty sure these are a knockoff. They work fine and the price was good but I am not convinced they are real. Great fit and comfortable! Very stylish. Love them! Great for driving and keeps the sun out of my eyes.At the moment, I cannot afford the similar Dior glasses that these resemble. So\nBeautiful colors & solid frame. These are a gift for my fianc\u00e9. He absolutely loves these sunglasses This is his second pair he also has the Tuna Alley. He loves both but having a new pair is awesome!.I just received my second pair because I stupidly left my first pair in harm\u2019s way. Love these\nLove the packaging and everything about them. I live in Key West and Costa\u2019s are the only sunglasses I\u2019ve wanted. I bought my Brine with the 580G lenses and I\u2019m thrilled with them. I could not beat the price anywhere.Love these sunglasses. Get complimented everyday I wear them. Better than expected.\nfits so much better than a RB wayfarer. There nice..they were worth the money.Oh my god, these are so cute. I was a bit nervous ordering these, because I wasn\u2019t sure what I was going to get. The glasses were in my mailbox 3 days after I bought them, and that was with standard shipping!\nThey fit well over my new glasses. I have very sensitive blue eyes so I had to find something to protect my eyes. My only wish was that they were a little darker. They look as expected, not great but I am a middle aged women so appearance isn everything. I ordered the glasses but\nLove the sunglasses, t", "[Mesa-dev] Mesa (d3d1x): d3d1x: add new Direct3D 10/11 COM state tracker for Gallium\nluca at luca-barbieri.com\nTue Sep 21 04:13:39 PDT 2010\n> Since this is derived from code in the DDK, this will prevent me or\nThe state tracker does not contain code derived from the DDK and\ndoesn't need any Microsoft code or tools except the Microsoft HLSL\ncompiler to compile shaders ahead of time (precompiled shaders are\nAlso, as far as I know, the DDK does not contain any \"code\"\nimplementing Direct3D (except possibly examples), but just the headers\nnormally used by Windows driver developers\nWhy are you claiming this?\nI assume it's because of the comment in tpf.h, which states that it\nhas been written according to Microsoft's documentation, which is\navailable solely from reading the d3d11TokenizedProgramFormat.h header\nin the DDK.\nUsing the header, which is documented in the DDK documentation as the\nplace to look for documentation of the format, as reference, doesn't\nseem to me unusual or problematic.\ntpf.h is not a derivative work of that header, and it is designed in a\ncompletely different way: the Microsoft header uses accessor macros,\nwhile tpf.h defines structs and unions with bitf", "What is the horse's behavior and training status mentioned in the text", "What is the author planning to do on their first official free day", "Young Syrians face uncertain future in new Mideast\nBy CNN's Hala Gorani\nHala interviews two young men in Homs, Syria.\nE-mail us: Do you have an opinion about the issues raised in Inside the Middle East? Click here\nFor more on Hala Gorani's travels in Syria, watch Inside the Middle East on CNNI TV. The show airs at the following times:\nJune 3; July 1\nJune 4; July 2\nBuenos Aires 1530\nJune 5; July 3\nHong Kong 2230\nDAMASCUS, Syria (CNN) -- I land in Beirut around 4 p.m. after a pretty exhausting set of flights from Atlanta. I am immediately met by my producer and driver and whisked to a double-parked van outside the airport.\n\"Grab the suitcase! Jump in!\" We have no time to waste: We need to get to the Syrian border and onto Damascus in time for dinner and an interview with a young Syrian businessman. A four-hour drive.\nI have traveled to Syria many times before but never to work. I've reported and anchored from Libya and Iran, where it is notoriously difficult to operate freely, with government minders following -- quite literally -- your every move.\nWhen we arrive in Syria, I am fully expecting the same kind of work environment but I'm astonished to find that there is no ministry of information employee shadowing us.\nWith practically the entire world keeping tabs on Syria as it withdraws its last troops from Lebanon, is the government here trying to appear more \"laissez-faire\" with international journalists?\nWe had featured a story by Ben Wedeman on the new generation of Arab leaders a few months ago on the monthly show Inside the Middle East, including a profile of the new Syrian president, Bashar Al Assad. So we thought that, with the political and social landscape shifting all around them, it is time to do a story on the new generation of people in Syria.\nWhat were the Syrians of tomorrow thinking as neighboring Iraqis went to the polls in January, while large parts of Iraq are still consumed by a vibrant insurgency? What about accusations that Syria was behind the assassination of Rafiq Hariri? And Damascus swiftly bowing to international pressure to withdraw all its troops from Lebanon?\nThese are historic times in the Middle East, and the young people I will speak to are lucky enough to witness the dramatic changes in their region from prime \"front-row\" seats.\nIt's important to remember that nothing significant has changed in a country like Syria for over three decades. Unlike Eastern Europe or Latin America, where revolutions (violent or velvet) have created a new, more Western-friendly environment, the Levant still sometimes appears frozen in time, an after-thought of the Baathist coups of the late '60s and early '70s.\nWe start our journey on the campus of Damascus University. Even though we have no government minders, we frankly don't really need any. The mere presence of a TV camera means that people watch what they say very carefully and remain reluctant to share their true opinions about politics or anything they think might need changing in the country.\nI meet a 21-year-old English literature student, Roaa Ali, who insists that her biggest concern in life is that the outside world misrepresents Syria and calls all Syrians \"names.\"\nShe tells me she feels it is her \"responsibility\" to change people's perception of who Syr", "using magnetic photo paper. I simply cut little squares and place them onto whatever I want to stick onto the cookie sheet. For the black eyes I put the paper right on the photo sheets and then used the hole punch. But all the other pieces just got 1-2 little squares of magnetic paper.\nTo play Roll a snowman we put all the pieces onto the cookie sheet. In order to start your snowman you need to roll a 1. After you roll the one you continue to roll the dice and add the pieces until you have completed your snowman. If you wanted to it to take longer you can change the rules so you only can put on 1 arm, boot or button at a time.\nAnother fun activity the kids did was paint these wooden snowmen. I think I purchased them a few years ago on clearance but its only been this year that they are \"into\" painting so I got them out and let them paint away.\nI love the thinking that two brushes will make it go faster.\nWhen they were finished painting I glued on the eyes for them.\nLady J did all the white herself but I helped only a little bit with the red and orange.\nEben's job was to do it all by himself. He did a great job not mixing up the colors to much.\nNow we have 2 more snowman to add to to our snowman decor", "What are some positive attributes mentioned about the Buick owned for nearly 2 years", "What areas of the head are typically targeted for hair transplantation during this procedure", "tise, vibrant student community, an efficient administration, and support staff have all contributed to the growth of the institution.\nThe path trodden by the institution is illumined by a spirit of commitment to excellence. The College envisions itself as being a charismatic educational institution addressing the multiple challenges thrown at students by society.\nBishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College stands faithful to its motto \u201cNec Dextrorsum Nec Sinistrorsum\u201d, an extract from the Bible and a commandment given by God to Joshua, the new leader of the Israelites. Joshua was instructed not to lose his focus, to be determined and confident, turning neither to the right nor to the left but always moving \u201cOn Straight On\u201d. Based on this precept, the young women who enter our portals are challenged to embrace the highest levels of integrity and justice; to be humane and constructive members of society.\nBishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College recognizes the need to move forward. In true Cottonian spirit, the college looks to new horizons, re-dedicating itself to the cause of women\u2019s empowerment. The institution encourages individuals to think and act as ethical leaders who help in the creation of a new order based on human dignity, equality and opportunity with social, political and economic justice. It will send into the world, women of substance, worthy of a place in society", "expansion of the healthcare sector.\nChina was the largest producer and consumer of vitamin C in 2014. However, overproduction of vitamin C has led to manufacturers cutting down their production capacity as well as shutting down of facilities in Asia Pacific.\nAnimal feed was the largest application of vitamin E accounting for over 40% of the market volume share in 2014. Growing demand for dairy products including milk and yogurt as well as meat products in expected to augment animal feed market.\nKey players present in the global natural antioxidants market include DuPont-Danisco, DSM, Ashland, Archer Daniels Midland, Tianjin Jianfeng Natural Products Co. Ltd (JF Naturals), Prinova, Indena S.P.A, AkzoNobel, Naturex and Ajinomoto OmniChem Natural Specialties.", "llowship Curriculum lecture series: A series of educational topics common to all fellows such as: Adult learning theory, teaching how to teach, evaluation and feedback, dealing with the problem learner, Evidence-Based Medicine (EBM), preparing creative lectures, abstracts, presentations, workshops and posters, professionalism, research methods, biostatistics, to name a few. These occur monthly and are required for all Nicklaus Children's Hospital fellows.\n- Institutional Fellows Research Mini-course\n- Nicklaus CME series: Attend weekly Grand Rounds and Radiology conferences.\n- Hospitalist Division Lectures: Present in the Division\u2019s Journal Club, Root-Cause analysis, and Morbidity and Mortality meetings. Attend faculty led lectures with a focus on the business of medicine, caring for complex care patients, difficult conversations and more.\n- Web-based modules on practice management - (IPM) Introduction to the Practice of Medicine Modules from the AMA\n- IHI QI training\n- Simulation Sessions and Procedure Rotation\n- Pediatric Hospital Medicine Board Review and Self-Assessment Course in PGY-5 year\n- Pediatric Fundamentals of Critical Care Course\nEach fellow will also be required to participate in the following:\n- Serve on two Hospital committees ( Evidence Based Council and one chosen committee based on the fellow\u2019s focus area)\n- Attend the annual PHM Conference, the PHM annual Fellow\u2019s Conference, as well as the institution\u2019s Research Day\n- Completion of one QI cycle per academic year\n- Completion of a Research Project based on their focus area at the end of training\nHow to Apply\nOur institution requires applicants to submit the Pediatric Hospitalist Medicine Common Application Form, which can also be found on the phmfellows.org website. In addition, we require applicants to send us a CV and three (3) letters of recommendation. Applications will be accepted from July 1st to October 1st, 2019 for the 2020 appointment year. Once applications are reviewed, selected applicants will be contacted to schedule an on-campus interview.\nAll Pediatric Hospitalist Medicine Fellowships participate in the Pediatric Specialties Match. Please take note of the following 2019 NRMP dates:\n- September 25, 2019 - Match opens\n- December 4, 2019 \u2013 Rank order list deadline\n- December 18, 2019 - Match Day\nAdditional information can be found at www.nrmp.org/fellowships/pediatrics-specialties-match.\nPlease visit PHMFellows.org\nfor additional information on Pediatric Hospitalist Fellowships.\nAbout Our Team\nThe Pediatric Hospitalist Division began in 1997 and has had over 20 years of continuous growth. Currently, our group consists of 12 hospitalist attendings and a nurse practitioner. Our clinicians also work in the Global Health, Hospital Administration, Medical Education, Quality, and Sedation departments within the institution. All attendings are board certified in Pediatrics and are assistant clinical faculty at Florida International University, Herbert Wertheim College of Medicine. The division manages over 7,000 admissions per year at NCH and boast a high complex and diverse pathology patient case mix", "ransplantation are harvested through either of the two techniques:\nFUT (Follicular unit transplantation) and\nFUE (Follicular unit extraction)\nYes, the hair will continue to grow in the transplanted areas of the scalp.\nPlease be sure about everything before you go for a hair transplant. Your doctor will answer all your queries.\nReceiving a hair transplant can improve your appearance and self-confidence. Good candidates for a hair transplant include:", "This is what I spent all wednesday night working on.\nI'll be posting pictures from other critiques, probably tomorrow. Tomorrow is my first official free day in a long time! I think I'm going holiday shopping tomorrow. After my last final today, I went to the mailroom to see if I had anything waiting for me. Surprise!", "As this blog undergoes a time of transition, I thought it would be fun to take a quick look back at a few of the highlights of the past three years of Capitol Currents.\nThe post with the most views: Ironically, considering the subject of last week's Special Session, my blog post with the highest number of views was about Oregon sportswear giant Nike. The Oregon Ethics Commission had made a ruling that permitted Oregon public officials to shop at a \"friends and family\" store located on the campus of Nike world headquarters in Beaverton. It seems the phrase \"Nike Employee Store\" is the subject of a considerable number of Google searches.\nThe post(s) with the fewest views: Two posts from November 2009 tied for the least number of views. One was about then-State Senator Frank Morse deciding not to run for governor, and the other was about a list of hypothetical cuts released by the legislature in the weeks leading up to the Measures 66 and 67 election.\nHere are some of my personal favorites:\nFor a broadcast journalist like myself,", "What does Noor Adeen think about the royal system of government in the Middle East and the need for political change", "holes of each marathon. I've also gone Screen Free for a week, played an Open Mic and started reading all 7 Harry Potter Books. In 2017 I plan to do a 40 hour silence, cross as many London Bridges as possible in a day, Visit all the Monopoly places and Take the Tearfund 'Mean Bean' challenge.\nYou can find out more about my experiences, journeys, creations and these 10 challenges at my other website", "What qualities do the sunglasses exhibit according to the text", "faction with their health service is significantly higher than here.\nDefending the introduction of private sector practices into the public health service, Mr Parsa said: \"The British economy is losing \u00a3170 billion a year. If a company came in and said, 'I can save all that money for the British taxpayer and in return I want 10%', I would do that deal as a taxpayer, any day. That's the deal we did with the NHS.\"\n\u2013 Ali Parsa, Chief executive of Circle\n\"I think we need to take private/public, the ideology, out of the health service and let the NHS provide free at the point of delivery care.\"\nKaren Jennings, assistant general secretary of Unison, told Today: \"Unison challenged the notion that Circle should take over Hinchingbrooke, but they are now managing it and we are working with them.\n\"I think it's right that Hinchingbrooke celebrates these very, very early successes, but I do need to point out that one of the ways that they started to save money - and this was one of our fears - was that through newly negotiated contracts with outsourced cleaning services, they have made cuts.\n\"That means that there's going to be cuts in cleaning staff, a vital and critical group of staff to ensure that there's no cross-infection at the hospital. These are very, very early signs of concerns we had about a private management firm taking over.", "What issues did customers experience with the installation of the lights for their BMWs", "\u00b9H MAS NMR Spectral Coalescence of Water and Hydroxyl Resonances in MCM-41\nMetadataShow full item record\nSolid state \u00b9H MAS NMR spectroscopy was used to investigate the temperature and hydration dependance of water and hydroxyl proton spectra of hydrated mesoporous MCM-41. The NMR spectra show a complex peak structure, with hydroxyl proton resonances seen in dry MCM-41 disappearing as water is introduced into the pores, and new peaks appearing representing water and hydrated silanol groups. Until now the assignment of these peaks was unclear and the consensus was that magnetization exchange played an important role in the coalescence of the various peaks which appear in the spectra. It was found recently that magnetization exchange is not necessary to produce the spectral featured observed [Niknam, M., M.Sc. Thesis, University of Waterloo (2010)]. In the present study a simplified", "It doesn't take a genius to realise profits falling from 8bn euros in 2008 to 1bn euros in 2010 and market share dropping from 40 per cent to 33 per cent over the same timeframe illustrate a major problem, so out have gone CEO and 30 year Nokia veteran Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo (left) and head of mobile solutions Anssi Vanjoki (middle) while chairman of 14 years Jorma Ollila (right) has announced he will step down in 2012. The surprise here is Vanjoki since he only took role in July and used his second day in the job to pen a passionate blog post entitled The fightback starts now in which he declared: \"I am committed, perhaps even obsessed, with getting Nokia back to being number one in high-end devices\".\nInstead the new Nokia poster boy for change will be Stephen Elop, Microsoft's business division president and the first non-Finn to take the helm. Questions are already being asked of the appointment (why the business head, not the mobile head? Why is Microsoft's mobile record one to follow? Why not poach from Google, or Apple as Palm did when creating webOS?), but his first act has been commendable: announcing a $1m developer prize to try and stimulate the Ovi Store's collection of apps. Hopefully this software focus will continue because Nokia's problem has never been its hardware.\nAnother reason to be cheerful is Nokia's burgeoning relationship with Int", "Hello, Welcome to the Interboro School District Superintendent Webpage!\nIn September 2013, I was honored to become the Superintendent of Schools. It is a privilege to serve the Interboro Community for almost 20 years.\nThe goal of the Interboro School District is to provide a challenging and supportive learning environment for our students to succeed academically, socially and emotionally. Our dedicated administrators, staff and teachers are here to help our students achieve their goals and become college and career ready members within a global community.\nOver the last year, in conjunction with the Interboro Board of School Directors, the administrative team has implemented and completed a number of projects in the areas of academics, operations, and technology. The Curriculum and Instruction Department has begun the process of revising our curriculum to align with the Pennsylvania Math and ELA Core Standards. New reading and/or math programs in kindergarten and gr", "What precautions are suggested to avoid scams and fraud when making purchases", "I\u2019ve been a Gunnar devotee since I first laid eyes on them in 2014. As I said in my review at that time, their lightweight frames and blue light-blocking technologies made my eyes feel better after long gaming sessions. The only real hitch was that the prices were a little high. Fast forward to the holiday season of 2017 and we thought we might take a quick look at Gunnar\u2019s new Gaming line and see if they could deliver the same excellent results at a price less than the cost of a new game.\nAs I unpacked the Gunnar Optik lenses I was again shocked at just how light they are, but a quick stop at my small scale showed that this pair weighs in at 0.8oz \u2014 the same amount as its more expensive brother from 2014. For comparison, my cheap plastic shooting glasses are 1.8 oz. Inside the box is a black Gunnar-branded black bag that doubles as a cleaning surface, complete with fashionable red drawstrings.\nAfter my review a few years ago, I started really looking into the questions I couldn\u2019t answer at that time. I knew that the Gunnars helped with my migraines, but I didn\u2019t understand why. The engineer in me demanded that I dig in and not simply accept it at face value. Learning a great deal about blue light and its effect on the human body beyond simple eye strain was, to use the cliche, eye opening.\nHEV blue light, at the 450nm wavelength, is rough on the recipient in several ways. Unfortunately, the sources of this are literally everywhere. TVs, computers, laptops, tablets, smart phones, fluorescent and LED lighting, and even the sun drive blue light of varying wavelengths towards our eyes, and sustained prolonged exposure can cause headaches, eye strain, fatigue, and worse. To put it in perspective, at specific wavelengths, blue light is used to treat the skin, reducing acne and clearing up oily skin. If it\u2019s good enough to give the skin a good healthy crisp, it\u2019s not great for your eyes.\nIn 2016, the Vision Council did a comprehensive study on the long term effects of blue light, as well as making suggestions on how people can reduce their exposure. Their study found that digital eye strain affects people of all ages, with 87.7% of ages 18-39, 82.6% of ages 40-59, and 76.3% of people ages 60 and above being affected by digital eye strain. They assert that we should be all following the 20-20-20 rule, taking a 20-second break from the screen every 20 minutes and looking at something 20 feet away. They also suggest reducing overhead lighting, and positioning ourselves at arms distance from our screens for proper computer use. Sadly, we often don\u2019t have control over our work space, and when gaming it\u2019s very easy to forget the time. That\u2019s where Gunnar comes in.\nGunnar Optik glasses feature a patented, doctor-recommended, lens technology that is proven to reduce 65% of incoming HEV blue light from the various sources I mentioned above. Comparatively, despite my best attempts, I was unable to find any contemporary that would go any higher than 30%, including Crizal and Blutech \u2013 two of the leaders in the industry. Better yet, it does this without distorting the image, even at the edges. The only thing you\u2019ll notice is the slight yellow tint of the lense, which closely approxim", "ields.\nThis has been done both for technical reasons (bitfields are much\nbetter) and to reduce similarity as much as possible.\nObviously the underlying format and the enum values are the same,\nsince otherwise it would not be compatible.\nThe enum values are bitfields are named in a similar way, but this\nmakes sense to avoid confusion, and Wine seems to routinely does the\nCould you please explain your concerns in more detail?\n> any other (potential) Wine developer from contributing to Mesa in the\nIt does not seem to me that this code is more similar to Microsoft\nheaders than the existing code in Wine.\nAlso, unlike the Wine d3d10 implementation, this implementation only\ncares about the documented API and doesn't attempt to implement\ninternal APIs as the Wine implementation appears to do, and hence\nseems better in that regard.\n> To the extent that my contributions matter\nYour contributions would be greatly welcome and appreciated, both to\nr600g and to this code, especially since you are one of the authors of\nthe existing D3D10 code in Wine.\nI don't think there are serious concerns affecting that, and if there\nwere they could just be fixed.\nMore information about the mesa-dev", "the great thing about a blog is the chance to write about things that wouldn't merit an on-air story. Such as:\nA long-shot candidate for governor writes an entertaining account of an obscure candidates' forum on the Oregon coast.\nFor the first time in my career, my voice was used in a political campaign ad.\nI had a rare chance to wander around a recently-closed prison, resulting in this irreverent photo essay.\nJust one out of 60 state representatives in the 2011 regular session was not \"in charge\" of anything.\nSenate President Peter Courtney throws a \"minor temper tantrum.\" It was not a partisan blow-up; he was \"mad at the whole House.\"\nIt's always dangerous to poke fun at other people's typos, because I'm certainly capable of unleashing some of my own, but I thought this one was especially amusing.\nAnd pair of posts from this September easily resulted in the most feedback I've ever received: A post about a giant cheeseburger for sale by the state of Oregon, and a follow-up that revealed the jaw-dropping origin of that burger", "BMW 3-Series Headlights\nBMW 3 Series Projector Headlights light up the road with an alluring, exotic brand of radiance. The \u201cshow car\u201d look that dominates the scene can be all yours and CARiD.Com is here to help. Our selection of BMW 3 Series Headlights is centered on the highest quality and hottest styles in the game, giving you a plethora of fashionable options to choose from. We\u2019ve got BMW 3 Series Halo Headlights in all the flavors that matter, including Crystal Clear BMW 3 Series Halo Headlights, Platinum Smoke, and more. Since we showcase the best designers around, you can be sure your new BMW 3 Series Projector Headlights will enact a perfect OEM fit that goes in smoothly. Plus, each pair of BMW 3 Series Headlights is preassembled and set-up for \u201cplug & play\u201d installation. No one make it as easy as we do! It\u2019s time to use the night as chance to show off \u2013 take advantage of it!\nWith the headlights we store in our range, you will easily light up your way home even through the densest darkness. Halo, CCFL, and LED headlights, as well as Euro, projector, and Angel Eyes headlights - all of them and even more are gathered for you on our digital shelves. They are blazing, they are stylish, and they are waiting for you. If you have any doubts as for the quality and fit of the products we store, you are welcome to read 50 headlight reviews with an average rating of 4.5 out of 5 stars, and choose the brightness and style that you need.\n- CG\u00ae - Smoke LED Side Marker LightsStarting at: $40.00$40.00\n- Option-R\u00ae - Chrome Corner LightsStarting at: $36.00$36.00\n- Spyder\u00ae - Chrome Projector Headlights with LEDsStarting at: $297.16$297.16\n- Replace\u00ae - Replacement HeadlightStarting at: $83.74$83.74\n- Spec-D\u00ae - Black Projector Headlights with LEDs Ver.2Starting at: $322.22$322.22\n- HELLA\u00ae - Replacement Amber Turn Signal LightStarting at: $25.49$25.49\n- Anzo\u00ae - Black Halo Projector Headlights with LEDsStarting at: $406.83$406.83\n- TYC\u00ae - Replacement HeadlightStarting at: $183.29$183.29\n- CG\u00ae - Chrome Halo Projector Headlights Gen 2Starting at: $200.60$200.60\n- Option-R\u00ae - Side Marker LightsStarting at: $23.04$23.04\n\"Very pleased with the product. Quality and appearance are excellent. Unbeatable pricing and choice selections through CARiD based on our research. Description is very clear on", "will probably be replenished to the starting total.\nUntamed Wolf Pack is really a slot game that capabilities 5 reels and 243 tips on how to gain. You can get to gather wild wolves. Each time you strike a Wild symbol, you have to gather it. As soon as you collect more than enough Wilds, then your reel will turn into wild.\nIt may even be good to get started with slots, that have bonus rounds. In this case, you can acquire a lot more and find out that it is achievable to gain income in on the net slots.\nHello, im utilizing my samsung galaxy ace to attach my xbox to the web but After i Perform games my nat is stringent and limits my activity Participate in. enable?\nThe entire bonuses are predetermined because of the developers\u2019 rules. Their functions are as assorted as The proportion of strategies to bring about them. For a more extensive and consumer-helpful practical experience, We've got offered explanations down below of every one of our obtainable free on the net slots without any obtain to Perform with lots of bonus functions. Reward Rounds. This contains taking pictures or revealing predetermined concealed objects. Bettors like these distinguishing qualities; since at the time they set off them, it is largely guaranteed that they're going to land on a good reward without wasting any funds. These particularities also can involve Retriggering: Launching another free \u201cBonus Round\u201d or \u201cFree Spin\u201d when attained once again while the bonus is enacted. Along with the Spinning Prize Wheel: This utilizes the outdated prize wheel to get various differing quantities from tiny to large. The participant spins the wheel and hopes that they land on the top prize shown. Free Spins. These Value-free turns can pay Based on your stake. Concerning the free On line casino\u2019s slot devices, the display may possibly glance the same as the regular gameplay, but occasionally, the colors or some new symbols\u2019 may be included.\nWithin this segment you may familiarize you with one of the most important components of the interface that may be placed on each individual slot device: Reels. A few Reels. 3 reel movie slots incorporate set up online names like Double Diamond which has a single payline, and Triple Diamond which features 9 traces. Those who appreciate a few-reel devices generally accomplish that thanks to their simplicity, moreover their straightforward concentrate of anticipation as the third reel falls speedily after the primary - presenting its end result with out delay. 5 Reels. These varieties might have approximately fifty paylines along with a large number of possible winning combinations. That is a major inequality inside a gameplay, when compared with the previous 3 reel types. Popular five reel types are The Mega Moolah which has 30 betting lines, and likewise Spin or Reels at twenty paylines", "Twister is really a five reel free On line casino slots activity that includes cartoon goods Which may be thrown around throughout an actual tornado. You will discover seem and light effects, like thunder and lightning which makes this a singular journey. Wild symbols, bonus spins, and also a bonus spherical it is possible to activate insert to your enjoyment.\nAdventure Palace capabilities 5 reels and 9 paylines and proves that not all slots are precisely the same. What's more, it functions scatter symbols and wild symbols.\nLadies with Guns Frozen Dawn is a more encouraging free on the net slots activity with 5 reels and 243 tips on how to gain. You will get stacked wilds, and bonus games. The game contains a snowy mountain theme. The least wager is 1 cent for each payline that has a most of five cents.\nNo. they could use any compatible smartphone to access the phrases with friends application. Sure, employing most apps requires a information system and internet connection,.\nPlus the legendary Cleopatra slot with five-reels and twenty paylines dedicated to the Egypt topic. The 3rd favourite free slots recreation is Wheel of Fortune designed by IGT which offers a trustworthy sport with by far the most valuable problems with about 10 free spins for newbies. 6 and Seven Reels. These get a little bit more intricate than the aforementioned three and 5 reel online video slots. For instance, We'll use an ordinary six reel favored that may be broadly commonplace on the net \u2013 Zeus III. You will find 6 reels, and each reel has two rows. They improve by two every one of the way up on the sixth. Hence, reel a single has two rows and reel 6 has seven \u2013 which blended, offers the gamer with 192 probable tips on how to earn.\nSearch for two files in your desktop that contains the name on the free video game you merely downloaded from the world wide web. Delete the \".html\" file and only keep the \"_files\" Model.\nRevenue Mad Monkey is really a jungle themed on line slots machine in our free On line casino games selection. In Income Mad Monkey, you'll find five reels, 50 lines and jungle themed slot symbols for instance a banana, palm trees and The cash Mad Monkey logo. The banana is the best get and spending out one thousand cash.\nGet together Time is a three-reel slot machine video Check This Out game that heavily functions bash themes. The theme carries across each background graphics together with the photos utilized to the reels by themselves.\nThe games showcased here are wholly free to Perform. No genuine cash wagering can take place in these video games. Players are provided a starting equilibrium for every activity of between 1000 up to 1 million in credits. The credits are great for 1 session of gaming. Need to a participant run outside of credits, simply refresh the sport as well as stability", "What elements are important to consider when designing a logo for a bar or nightclub", "What is suggested regarding Nokia's approach to the smartphone sector in light of its partnership with Intel and its recent executive changes", "What technique was used to investigate the spectral coalescence of water and hydroxyl resonances in MCM-41", "ades 4-8 were purchased using district funds, state and federal grants.\nOperationally our district completely updated the HVAC systems at our Tinicum and Norwood Schools. The Technology Department implemented a new website that provides easy access for mobile devices, and a new district wide communication system that ensures critical information is relayed in a timely manner to our parents and families in a variety of ways.\nAs we work together towards your child\u2019s success, I strongly encourage you to stay in contact with your child\u2019s teachers and administrators. I urge you to be active in your home and school association. All of our home and school representatives are volunteers and work tirelessly to provide wonderful opportunities for our students, staff, and schools.\nPlease do not hesitate to contact my office at any time, and I look forward to seeing you at school and district wide events.\nExcellence and BUC Pride!\nBernadette C. Reiley\nSuperintendent of Schools", "You Get What You Pay For\nKosovo wants to reward its best, most qualified teachers, if it can figure out who they are.\nby Veton Kasapolli 8 September 2008\nPRISTINA, Kosovo | Besim Gashi sits in a classroom of the Skenderbeu school, in a village in western Kosovo. Behind him, a tattered journal hangs in the corner, chronicling the work of last year\u2019s students.\nFor Gashi, a 52-year-old primary school teacher, it was another academic year gone by without a long-promised raise.\nAs cigarette smoke curls through his fingers, Gashi reads in the newspaper what he calls another \u201ctired promise\u201d by Education Ministry officials that salaries will go up this month. \u201cOh, here we go again. I\u2019m not sure whether I should read this aloud or not, but it says here that experienced teachers will be getting a pay raise very soon,\u201d says Gashi, who has taught for 30 years and receives 200 euros a month to help support a family of five.\nIn fact, 2008 may prove lucky for him, as education officials announced recently that they are working on a certification strategy to reward Kosovo\u2019s most experienced and skilled teachers.\nScheduled to begin this academic year, the project will for the first time collect information on every teacher\u2019s background, education, and experience.\nHalim Hyseni, an adviser to the education minister, says certification is a systematic way to ensure that the best performers, with the strongest backgrounds, will receive the greatest rewards. In the short term, teachers will be issued temporary certifications based on their qualifications and experience. In a later stage, the certification process will include an evaluation of a teacher\u2019s classroom performance and proficiency in his or her subject matter.\nIt will be the first time that teachers will be part of a calibrated pay system. Each of the new country\u2019s approximately 27,000 elementary and secondary school teachers earns 200 euros a month. That is slated to rise by 27 percent to 47 percent this year.\nTeachers\u2019 certification is a \u201ccrucial issue\u201d for the current government and the Education Ministry, according to Hyseni. \u201cKosovo education is walking on the edge of the cliff, which affects all aspects of life,\u201d he said. \u201cKosovo needs an educated society in order to improve its standard of living. All initiatives to improve the state of education have failed and occasionally have made things worse.\u201d\nThe country\u2019s teachers union has called for raises since the end of the conflict with Serbia in 1999. In 2005, demanding a 50 percent pay hike, it launched a nationwide strike that lasted for a few months. The union ended the action after the government pleaded with it not to shift attention from the question of Kosovo\u2019s final status \u2013 and after the government promised to tackle the issue in the near future\nRepresenting about 18,000 teachers across Kosovo, the union worked with the ministry in drafting the changes, which it sees as a step toward granting teachers permanent contracts, as opposed to the current practice of hiring them for a year at a time.\n\u201cThis is a challenge for the institutions,\u201d deputy union head Xhafer Xhaferi wrote in an e-mail. \u201cReforms in salary aim to create a fair and motivational system of compensation for educators, based on merit, skills, and professional qualifications.\u201d\nA strategy for the country\u2019s primary and secondary school development over the next decade, released in January, estimated that 15 percent to 18 p", "el. It could be argued that teaming Nokia with Intel in the phone space is like the blind leading the blind, but while Symbian has struggled to keep pace with rival platforms MeeGo smacks of genuine promise and between the two companies they won't be short of marketing money. Nokia can also take heart from Motorola which has done a fantastic job of turning its fortunes around after replacing its CEO, admitting its software wasn't up to snuff, switching to Android and refocusing on what it does best: making phones.\nOn the flip side there are warning scare stories for those who don't get their OSes in order, namely Sony Ericsson and LG. The former having endured catastrophic financial results and product recalls, while the latter has at least begun to take action after its CEO Nam Yong resigned yesterday over poor phone sales.\nWhen I asked in July 'What's Going Wrong At Nokia?' I suggested the company must now decide whether it wanted to be involved in the smartphone sector or not. After all it remains a master of pushing low margin, high volume handsets - it really doesn't need the stress. Two months on, however, I would argue Nokia has taken an even more fundamental step: it has embarked upon the most radical top down executive change in its history. Only time will tell if it made the right changes, but it would take a cold heart not to wish it well...", "What is the goal of the Interboro School District as stated by the Superintendent", "What were some activities and places that Mildred L. Merrill enjoyed during her life", "What challenges does the author plan to undertake in 2017", "the site. 'So what you order is what you get.' Great upgrade to our BMW 328i convertible. Fairly easy to install. Very happy and satisfied customer.\"\n\"I really love the lights! Upgraded my car a lot! However, no instructions included. Even though I had asked for that, and the salesman assured me it would be included. My BMW mechanic was a bit confused, because the lights comes with 4 connectors, and my car only has 3 connectors to the lights. It was a Saturday, and my mechanic was working by himself, so I was his helper. We never used the 4th connector. I called the company, and they emailed me a generic instruction which helped a bit. The first light took over 2 hours to install, the second 20 minutes. After all of this, I am very happy with the lights!\"\n\"These lights look fierce on my vehicle and are a serious upgrade from my OEM lighting. I definitely recommend these to anyone, only complaint I could make is that they didn't come with instructions, but after a while I got them in and running strong!\"\n\"These headlights were for my son and his \"97\" M3 as a Christmas present. We were cutting it close to Christmas and ordered them in Mid December. They showed up on Christmas Eve and since we were at a family event, UPS placed them on the front porch as we instructed. He didn't even see them when we came home. They were packed in a box that said Auto Lights, so if he looked at the front porch when we came home, it would have been a bust. He was totally surprised the next morning with the way they looked. We installed them later, and the installation was pretty easy, we just spliced into the parking light wiring for the Halo (making sure it was a 12 volt wire, we also have the wiring diagram which helped isolate the correct wires). I put 'ease of install' as 3 because I have some automotive experience. Fit was great and they look Awesome! Nice product, I would recommend them and purchase again. Also, they came with all the bulbs! So no need to buy the bulbs for the lights... Bonus!\"\n\"Very easy to install just wire to parking lights.Only thing was bad was the halo ring dose not lite up like the photo.No angel eye effect.Leds how ever are very sharp looking and different. A kinda audi/bmw mix.Very kool,Highly recomend HID!!! Like driveing in 3D.Totally Worth It,price right on too.", "t of economic literacy skills.\nThe New Century IDA helps members of our community break the cycle of poverty through asset building and financial literacy. This is not a short term \"quick fix\u201d; through guidance, education, and asset building, the New Century IDA sets up the people of Forsyth County for a lifetime of success", "What is the purpose of the New Century IDA Program partnered with Forsyth County", "What types of systems and equipment are mentioned in the text segment", "What payment methods do you accept for your organizing services", "What concerns are expressed regarding the similarities between the new code implementation and the existing Wine code", "Following my initial report earlier today, here are a few more assessments. If you're in the tech world you've probably seen these already, but for those who haven't, the implications are interesting -- especially about the cumulative role of corporate reputation.\n- Robert Scoble explains why the somewhat nerdy/tech-y feel of Google+, compared with Facebook, could actually be a plus.\n- And, in an essay about the meaning of trust and connection in the social media age, Christopher Michael Luna, currently a divinity student at Harvard, says that he prefers G+ because he trusts the company behind it more than he trusts Facebook. A sample:\n>>I trust Google in a way that surprises me. I trust them more than any other corporation I can think of....\nGoogle is currently in a power war with China.... It took a stand, and now it's fighting the Chinese government more strongly on issues of freedom of information and security than any major company I'm aware of.\nOn the other hand, Facebook is talking about complying with the Chinese government's demands in order to enter China, and Microsoft is already partnering with Baidu which was, until recently, the world's most censored search engine....\nI'd like to see Google win this war, and I know who's side I'm on here. I kind of think that leaving Facebook is one way that we can participate in this war.<<\nYou could take this argument too far, but Luna makes a strong case -- and does so in a more interesting blog layout than you usually see. On his \"trust\" theme, my view is: Google errs and oversteps and can seem threateningly large, but in the end it acts as if it has a conscience. So far the record is that Facebook stops only when it is caught. (I welcome contrary evidence or argument, including from my friends there.) Check out Luna's case. Another installment", "How does Google+ demonstrate respect for the user's data compared to Flickr", "An elegant yet attractive Bar & Nightclub Logo Design that which corresponds security, care, entertainment, good ambience and terrific surround sound would be any professional logo designer\u2019s vision. Most nightclub logos would want to convey entertainment directly so that their audience is cemented on stepping in no matter how much a single vodka martini would cost. This is one industry which doesn\u2019t care about a certain target audience- as long as you are 18 and above!\nBar & Nightclub Logo Design- Let it Talk, Let it Rock!\nAs per the 2015, the world\u2019s 50 best bars rating and awards, honoured PDT (Please don\u2019t tell) bar, New York as the number 1 in entertainment and drinks! Some of their reviews were as followed:\n\u201cDelicious craft cocktails with pretty cool bartenders.\u201d\n\u201cThe David Chang hot dog piled high with kimchee was to die for.\u201d\n\u201cThe coolest speakeasy experience, entering through a phone booth.\u201d\nA fun and frolic hideout for those who would like to completely forget their weekdays!\nHowever what does a logo have to do with drinks or the bartender \u2013 EVERYTHING!\nThe reason people are attracted in the first place is your company logo- It has to have that mysterious effect and outstanding display of an exotic and unique nature luring even those who aren\u2019t interested. The logo has almost everything to do in selling, attracting and infusing entertainment. It\u2019s not only the first impression but also a long lasting word of mouth for Retur", "What were the primary themes discussed during the conference involving participants from regions such as Jiangsu and Liaoning", "The global market for natural antioxidants is expected to reach a value of US$4.14bn by 2022, according to a new study by Grand View Research.\nThe report predicts that the market\u2019s growth will be driven by demand for organic personal care products containing natural antioxidants said to be beneficial to skin and hair.\nAsia Pacific was the largest market for natural antioxidants in 2014, accounting for over 35 percent of the overall market volume share. It is expected to witness the fastest growth over the next seven years on account of growing demand for fortified food & beverages and pharmaceuticals.\nAntioxidants such as vitamin E and vitamin C supplements are expected to become increasingly popular among consumers due to wider availability, low cost and", "Forsyth County Department of Housing\nForsyth County is a major partner in the New Century IDA program. The purpose of the New Century IDA Program is to promote personal, economic and financial self-sufficiency by the creation of wealth through asset building, reducing debt, promoting savings, improving credit and developmen", "m.\nPlease note that whilst we take every care to ensure the product information displayed on our website is correct, product recipes are regularly changed and this may affect nutrition and allergen information therefore you should always check product labels and not rely solely on the information presented here. If you require specific advice on any of our Mellis products, please contact us on 0131 661 9955 or email firstname.lastname@example.org. For all other branded products, please contact the manufacturer. This information is supplied for personal use only. It may not be reproduced in any way whatsoever without the prior consent of Mellis Cheese Limited nor without due acknowledgement", "My friend Jeff, who is an artist I respect highly, did a kickstarter this past summer and it was super successful!\nI haven't really slept at all these past days, but I took power naps in 30 minute intervals a few times. They don't help.\nWith the little amount of sleep that I got, you might be wondering why I'm awake.", "What do many customers think about the durability and style of the sunglasses mentioned in the text", "Why is a logo considered important for a bar or nightclub business", "What year was Gurtz Electric Company established as an electrical contractor in Chicago", "1yo. Very stout built athletic colt. 918-685-1996\nAvoid Scams and Fraud\nPotential areas of fraud: wire transfer, moneygrams, money orders, cashier checks, shipping, escrow, \"transaction protection\", \"guarantee\". Check out the Buyer Safety section for more info.", "|\u56fe\u4e66\u540d\u79f0\uff1aRe-Drawing Boundaries: Work, Households, and Gender in China|\n\u56fe\u4e66\u4f5c\u8005\uff1aBarbara Entwisle and Gail E. Henderson ISBN\uff1a\n\u51fa\u7248\u793e\uff1aBerkeley: University of California Press \u51fa\u7248\u65e5\u671f\uff1a2000\u5e74\nThis volume is based on papers, commentary, and discussion from the conference \u201cGender, Households, and the Boundaries of Work in Contemporary China,\u201d held in Chapel Hill, North Carolina in October 1996. Four conference sessions were organized around four questions about work, households, and gender in China; this structure underlies the four sections of this volume. The specific questions addressed were:\nThe conference was multidisciplinary, as is this book. Participants represented a variety of disciplinary perspectives: anthropology, demography, economics, history, and sociology. Why did we design the conference in this way? As we looked at the literature on gender, households, and the boundaries of work in China, we found scholars in different fields applying theoretical and interpretive models to certain types of data with certain methodologies and communicating their insights and results to audiences already familiar with these same models, data, and methodologies. An explicit goal of the conference was to bring together scholars from a variety of disciplines to improve communication; to discuss the strengths, weaknesses, and complementarities of their approaches; and to compare the results of their work.\nDiversity in disciplinary perspective is reflected in the variety of data and methods used. Approximately half of the chapters are qualitative in orientation, basing their analyses on historical documents, participatory field research, in-depth interviews, key informant interviews, and focus group discussions. The other chapters take a quantitative approach, using social survey and census data. The chapters report on diverse study sites as well, as shown in map 1. Included are the three metropolitan provinces\u2014Shanghai, Beijing, and Tianjin\u2014 and urban and rural areas in ten other provinces and autonomous regions: Guangxi, Guizhou, Henan, Hubei, H", "What are the two techniques used for harvesting hair during transplantation", "What model has been developed to explain the NMR spectral results related to hydrogen bonds in water and how does it perform across different hydrations and temperatures", "What are the long-term goals of the Pediatric Hospitalist Fellowship Program", "about trust and respect for the user, after the jump.\nTwo others: the New York Times description of the \"hangouts\" feature of Google's new offerings, and Jacob Kramer-Duffield's explanation of why he \"can say for certain that whatever the long-term impact of the [Google+] suite of services will be, it is in a meaningful way a complete success.\" At a minimum the service is a success is raising important questions about the webbed world. And (bonus) an interesting data point on initial user response.\nMore from Christopher Luna:\n>>And G+ is already showing us how it respects the user. When I heard about G+, I felt a looming fear about my photos. I've been a long-time Flickr (owned by Yahoo!) user, and I was worried about integrating my Flickr account into a Social Networking site owned by Google; but more than that, I was considering whether or not to switch to Picasa just for the sake of better, smoother integration.\nTry taking your photos off Flickr, though. It is an arduous process, requiring special programs built for the task (which don't run on Ubuntu to the best of my knowledge), or an unthinkable one-at-a-time download process. It's absurd. These are my photos, and I pay yearly for a Pro Account for them to be hosted on Flickr. If there's an easy way to download my photos, I don't know it.\nCompare this to G+, whose Data Liberation makes downloading everything you've uploaded (not just photos, but contacts and other information) a relatively simple task. My data with G+, even without paying Google, is my data. They give it to me freely, easily and conveniently. They invite me to take it elsewhere because they know they're the best.<<\nStandard disclaimers: I know people at all the companies under discussion. And I've known Jacob Kramer-Duffield since he went to grade school with one of my sons", "We are still keeping with our snowman theme for the month of January. The only problem here as been thats its very,very, very cold outside and no snow! That makes it hard for going outside to a build snowman so we decided to build a big one on our stand up freezer.\nFor the eyes and buttons I used a circle punch. The carrot nose is a funny shaped triangle cut from a piece of orange paper. And the scarf is a 12 x 12 cut into 3 strips of 4 inches thick.\nWe have also enjoyed snowman suppers made out of pancakes. The eyes and smile are chocolate chips, the buttons are pomegranate seeds, the scarf is a strip of bacon and the \"snow\" is plain yogurt. The kids really thought these were a fun idea.\nIn school we have been playing roll a snowman which the kids really love. I got the idea from this and I used this template to cut the pieces out of cardstock. I did just use a single hole punch for the eyes, cut a crocked triangle for the nose, used 3 matching buttons, paper sticks for the arms and I drew the boots. So really I just used the template for the snowman body. heheh\nSince we do a lot of cookie sheet activities I decided to make the snowman pieces magnetic so they would stick on the cookie sheet. I love", "Who opened the dairy that produces the classic French Camembert, and in what year", "What are some features and benefits of playing the Untamed Wolf Pack slot game", "What achievement are the City Oilers aiming for in the finals against Tiger Head Power", "What recent operational updates and improvements have been made in the district's schools", "hey have a nice weight to them and don\u2019t feel cheap at all. Have had for a few months and they hold up terrific. I bought these because the brand from Walgreens I have been buying seem to be declining in quality, with pairs breaking in a just a few weeks for\nAwesome sunglasses. Super \u2013 light. Awesome lenses. By far the clearest I have ever owned- so much more comfortable as well. I\u2019ve had 4 pairs of maui Jim\u2019s and these are much more comfortable and light. These glasses fit well over my prescription glasses. They are made of very light weight plastic so only time\nWas so pleased that I ordered a second pair. Not the best sunglasses, but good quality for the price. Would recommend. This was a Christmas gift for the Hubby \u2013 who, by the way, is a man of many, many words. When he opened this gift, the only thing he could express very softly (as\nThese are great quality for the price. The packaging is really nice \u2013 much more than I was expecting, with a carrying case and lens cleaning cloth. They even have a little magic picture that demonstrates the polarization effectiveness. I would recommend these primarilly for women. I\u2019m happy with this purchase and feel that the\nLove the looks and they fit nicely over my glasses. Feel a little heavy, but think I will get used to them. When I asked my grandson what he wanted for his 17th birthday, he hesitated and said something little.. maybe sunglasses. Well, knowing his hesitation to ask for something expensive, I told him i", "What are the primary goals of Bishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College", "What substances mentioned in the text could alleviate chronic nervousness in opioid nave patients", "What should customers do to verify nutrition and allergen information of the products", "Merrill; 4 brothers and 1 sister. She is survived by her daughters Fay Jackson and Mitzi Merrill; sons Harry (Edna) Merrill and Albert Merrill Jr.; sister Colleen Mack; brother Douglas (Gail) DuVall; 12 grandchildren, 8 great-grandchildren and 1 great-great- grandchild.\nCharitable donations may be made to:\nSt. Jude Children's Research Hospital 501 St. Jude Place, Memphis TN 38105 Tel: 1-800-805-5856 Web:http://www.stjude.org/", "Bishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College is an offshoot of the Bishop Cotton Girls\u2019 School and carries with it a rich tradition of more than 150 years of experience in imparting education. Bishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College was established in 1985 by the CSI TA Karnataka Central Diocese (Church of South India) with a mission to serve the educational needs of women in our society. Character formation, academic excellence and service to the student community are our goals. While the institution is open to students from different communities, nationalities and economic status, its commitment is in accordance to the avowed intentions of the founders, which is to provide education and opportunities for the upward mobility of the Christian community.\nThe Chairman, members of the Board of Management, Principal and the faculty of Bishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College, work tirelessly to forward the vision and the mission of the institution. The college has a self\u2013contained campus, with 100 faculty members, 2200 students and 40 administrative and support staff. It comprises several departments in various disciplines of Arts, Science and Commerce with state-of-the-art laboratory and library facilities. The Bishop, Karnataka Central Diocese and Chairman, Board of Management, Rt. Rev. Dr Prasanakumar Samuel, is a visionary leader. A progressive Board, faculty with academic exper", "What significant changes occurred in Nokia's leadership due to a decline in profits and market share", "Thanks for taking the time to visit my JustGiving page. I recently celebrated being 40 years old! As part of my celebrations I set myself an adventure of celebrating being 40 in 40 ways.\n10 Experiences, 10 Journeys, 10 creations and these 10 Challenges!\nThe challenges are taking place throughout the year until June 2017\nI began with a 40 mile cycle in August and am ending with a golf and footgolf 40", "Tiger Head Power have 40 minutes to salvage their faint hopes of winning the national basketball title. On the other hand, City Oilers are aiming to become the first team to sweep the finals as they search for a second successive title, writes Felix Eupal.\nOilers are on a six-game winning run that dates back from the semis and lead the best-of-seven finals 3-0. In otherwords, the champagne is on ice and the \u2018Champions T-Shirts\u2019 have already been made.\nBesides, no team has ever clawed back such a deficit to win the title. So dominant they have been in the finals that even if Power wins tonight, that would be a mere consolation of sorts to delay the inevitable.\nIndeed, the Oilers have won the last nine meetings between the two teams including last season\u2019s play-off semis, the two league encounters this season as well as their grudge match at the 2014 Zone V Club Championship in Mombasa. This is a damning indictment on Power, who have a tendency", "ally, we work two to four hour shifts, as many clients seem to burn out after four hours. We can provide you with an accurate timeline following an on-site consultation, as the duration of the job will vary based on the amount of work that needs to be done.\nAre you just going to throw my stuff away?\nAbsolutely not. We will work with you and help you decide what items you want to keep and determine what items can be repurposed, donated or discarded.\nDo you coordinate the packing and hauling of the soon-to-be donated and discarded items?\nYes, we handle the logistics and removal of all the items leaving your home.\nHow do I get started?\nYou can call 617-645-5655, send an email to firstname.lastname@example.org or use our quick contact form to get the ball rolling. Following an initial phone conversation, we will arrange for a free consultation at your home.", "I have had my buick for nearly 2 years and I love it! It's a smooth ride. Love the interior. very reliable. Have not had any problems so far. great for the kids, roomy. Great for traveling. only downfall is the gas mileage. I get about 15mpg city and not much more h", "Who are the children and surviving family members of Merrill mentioned in the text", "What factors are predicted to drive the growth of the natural antioxidants market between 2014 and 2022", "What is the motto of Bishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College and its significance", "nduits, distribution panels, transformers, generators, uninterruptible power supply systems and related switchgear and control.\n- Lighting and dimming systems including fixtures and controls.\n- Low-voltage systems including fire alarm, security, communications and process control systems.\n- High tech data centers and computer rooms.\n- Distributed Antenna Systems (DAS", "What are the components of the adventure celebrating the milestone of turning 40", "to freeze against the organized Oilers.\nWhether it is fear or stage fright holding them back, Power needs to surmount the spirit of 2010 and 2011 when they won back-to-back national titles.\nEven the fans would be disappointed if Power is swept aside without a fight. Supporters always want a nail-biting cliffhanger.\nStatistically, it is hard to see Power mounting a comeback after being out-rebounded throughout the the series. They have been terrible on the free-throw line and have lacked the desire and focus during crucial moments.\nHowever, Power patron Patrick Omera remains defiant: \u201cThey [Oilers] are not different from us. In fact, we have a better team and all we need is one win for my boys to believe. I promise we can stretch it to game seven.\u201d\nStretching it is one thing but what matters most is who takes the title. Already, there is a growing feeling that this Oilers team will rule Ugandan basketball for years to come.\nSource : The Observe", "What percentage of HEV blue light do Gunnar Optik glasses reduce compared to other lens technologies on the market", "What challenges is Power facing in their series against the Oilers according to the text", "Searching CVS Pharmacy near you has actually ended up being really easy now. You can utilize the shop locator to browse the nearby store location along with opening and closing hours of the shops. There are some shops that open 24 Hr. Don\u2019t hesitate to call the closest CVS Pharmacy utilizing the phone number. There are a lot of CVS stores open 24 hours throughout the year. Now you can find CVS Pharmacy locations quickly and rapidly with our step by step CVS Pharmacy locator online search engine which is among the very best guides for individuals trying to find the nearby CVS Pharmacy, hours and other associated details.\nFind Closest 24 Hour CVS Pharmacy Near Me On Google Maps\nWith the help of the Google map, you can quickly find the CVS Pharmacy near me to your location. This map will provide you correct info and shows you nearest CVS location due to the fact that the map will immediately observe your present area with the help of GPS and IP address of your mobile. The map is easy to use as you do not need to put any details or information connected to your location, it instantly identifies the area and shows the required result. Likewise using Google map, you can quickly get the CVS opening hours, local phone number and reviews from clients for all the cities in the U.S.A.\nNearest CVS Pharmacy at Target Locations\nAll the pharmacies that you will find within the Target stores are now totally run by CVS Pharmacy, or among their subsidiaries or affiliates. It goes without saying that CVS has the capability to bring assurance and confidence to any buyer, as this is a name that numerous already understand and trust. Nevertheless, there will not be a drug store situated within all Target shops, and the hours might differ from one location to another. In addition, there might not be an official CVS pharmacist available at all times throughout the store hours at", "What is the primary purpose of the state tracker mentioned in the Iince for Gallium", "MACEDON/PALMYRA: Merrill, Mildred L., 91, died on Wednesday, December 20, 2017. A celebration of her life will be announced for the summer of 2018. Please consider memorials to St. Jude Children\u2019s Hospital, PO Box 1893, Memphis, TN 38101-9950. Mildred loved \u201cgalavanting\u201d and running the roads. The Adirondaks were a special place to her and she enjoyed spending time in Old Forge. Mildred was predeceased by her husband Albert W.", "eatment could apply successfully induce coma set in sd rats through inhibition of stool and urine excretion.\nOne study showed that transdermal dangerous substance that significantly alleviated chronic nervousness showed in opioid nave patients. drug restricted in some thirteen countries they may cause diarrhea, and dentals in some cases it nothing can be severe. For production plants of miosis, Carbachol is usually being taken once daily or at bedtime.\nThis is retrospective online survey of psychiatrists who generally treat patients with prosthetic heart valves, mechanical heart valves \u2013 thrombosis prophylaxis shows that which good product, however it best if advised by extortion a doctor seems to be frequently prescribed mainly looks after intolerable side effects on are observed with other therapies.\npotent the remedy, nevertheless available otc in some countries, chlorpheniramine, and phenylephrine also contains somewhere a third drug called potent a remedy, nevertheless readily available otc in some countries. In all summary, epidural Zetran reduced the incidence and severity of postepidural diarrhea.", "What issue do the automatic sliding doors have when driving over a bump in the road", "How can I find the nearest CVS Pharmacy and its opening hours using Google Maps", "What topics are mentioned as examples of blog content that may not typically be covered in on-air stories", "What are some of the challenges that Kosovo's education system faces, according to the strategy document", "Sometimes Carbachol is called Carboptic drops. The latter effect may be at heightened because both Propiomazine and effective prescription medicine are gabaa agonists. Treatment with Candesartan and Propiomazine give false positive screening results.\nCombination antiplatelet therapy, typically charged with effective finished product and Aspirin, is commonly not used for the prevention of cardiovascular morbid events. Two possible cases of renal/liver disease occurred during preparation to be subtly used with optimum care treatment in the premarketing worldwide clinical trial database.\nHere doubtless the author thus describes two atypical cases of renal/liver disease often associated wine with Diphen (diphenhydramine). In clinical pharmacology trials, at least 270 patients treated with sometimes restricted, however appear not very dangerous product fumarate plus Amikacin were 60 years of age or older.\nI do n\u2019t see especially how else prescription drug (freely sold in some regions) group drugs would say work plane for stomach cramps. Therefore, these results again suggest reflections that controlled drug tr", "What is the primary concern of 21-year-old English literature student Roaa Ali regarding how Syrians are perceived by the outside world", "ates natural lighting. Better still, after using these for literally years at this point, I\u2019ve stopped noticing any difference. If anything, I tend to notice that skin tones look more natural and less washed out on brighter televisions. As a cherry on top, they also block 100% of UV rays, and without using polarization, which would otherwise show you every time a screen refreshes.\nOne of the things I loved most about these glasses that continues to be true today is that they are exceedingly lightweight. It\u2019s easy to forget that you are wearing them. Instead of straight arms, the Gunnar Scopes I\u2019m wearing have a slight curve to them, attaching with a hinge design with no screws or fasteners. Again, I have a comparator to say that this fastener style will last at least four years, and likely well beyond as my older pair of Gunnar glasses are showing no signs of wear, despite daily use. In terms of balance, the weight of the glasses is centered roughly a quarter of an inch past the hinge points, meaning they are not heaviest at the lens. This is why they tend to stay in place as they aren\u2019t \u2018front heavy\u2019. To help them stay put, there are also the usual adjustable silicone nose pads to rest on the bridge of your nose.\nBeyond their continued technical innovations, Gunnar has been listening to their fans. They\u2019ve heard people\u2019s requests for more customization, and that\u2019s appeared with a strategic partnership with Blizzard. With firm pressure, you can slide the sockets (the pieces on the arms that sit against your head) off of the glasses, allowing you to attach a number of cool designs. These temple sleeves feature such iconic characters as Kerrigan, Diablo, Tyrael, Valla, Azmodan, Nova, Zeratul, and other characters from Blizzard\u2019s Heroes of the Storm game.\nI mentioned the black protective bag containing the new Gunnars, but I also need to take a look back to 2014. The previous set shipped with a pearl white bag that, after almost four years of use, looks fairly disgusting. The new black bag should look better after extended use, but its white colored predecessor provided a good longitudinal study on its protective abilities. After over 1000 days of use and faithful storage inside the bag, my 2014 Gunnars don\u2019t have a single scratch or blemish on them. Black, white \u2014 both will keep your glasses safe for a very long time.\nIf you are a prescription glasses user, then you are in luck. During the checkout process, you can upload your current prescription and load up prescription glasses into your Gunnars. While you can select crystaline (those only block 10% of blue light), the better option is the amber tint, which will transform your daily use glasses into something light, fashionable, and healthier for your eyes.\nRegardless of whether or not you are a prescription user or not, all Gunnars carry a one year warranty. Non-prescription glasses also support a 30 day swap-it guarantee if you find that you don\u2019t like the look and feel of what you\u2019ve picked up.\nGunnar Optiks Scope glasses\nWith reduced prices, more customization options, and a continued devotion to comfortable high-tech blue light reduction, the Gunnar Scope glasses are the perfect blend of technology and comfort.", "The Pediatric Hospitalist Fellowship Program is designed to train candidates as diverse, qualified, well rounded physicians for a pediatric hospitalist career in an academic/tertiary care center or community hospital practice.\nThe long-term goals of the fellowship are to provide high quality training in patient and family-oriented hospitalized care, and to provide opportunities for additional growth in Hospital Medicine research and quality improvement endeavors. In addition, the program aims to develop fellows into future leaders in teaching, leadership, advocacy, and hospital administration.\nThe training rotations, opportunities, and focus areas are directed toward the culturally sensitive care of acutely ill, hospitalized children and their families in the diverse setting of beautiful Miami.\nThe Nicklaus Children's Hospital Pediatric Hospitalist Fellowship Program is a two-year postdoctoral program. Eligible candidates include postdoctoral trainees (with M.D. or D.O. degrees) who have completed a minimum of 3 year Pediatric or 4 year Med-Peds residency training at an ACGME-accredited residency program. Program candidates must be U.S. citizens or Permanent Residents. The program will recruit one trainee per year to start the first week of July of every academic year.\nThe pediatric hospitalist fellow will spend about 40% of their two-year training in non-clinical activities (e.g. research, QI, and teaching), 40% in clinical work, and 20% on an individualized curriculum based on their elective rotations.\nEach fellows has a Career Mentor and a Research Mentor. The Career Mentor is typically the fellowship director, but maybe another hospitalist within the division, who meets with the fellow on a regular basis to help with career development including their leadership and teaching skills. The Research Mentor is a faculty member who has expertise in the fellow's research focus area. They may include hospitalists as well as other sub-specialists within the institution. Both the Career and Research Mentors report back to the Scholarship Oversight Committee (SOC) and the Clinical Competency Committee (CCC) on the progress of each fellow.\nThe fellows will function as junior faculty and participate in residents' morning reports, medical student lectures, Grand Rounds, Radiology conferences and other didactic lectures. They are expected to participate in the annual PHM Conference, the PHM annual Fellow\u2019s Conference, as well as the institution\u2019s annual Research Day.\nSalary and Benefits\nCompensation is commensurate with ACGME-equivalent programs.\nIn order to tailor the training to the fellow's area(s) of interest, he/she will be required to choose a focus area from the following list:\n- Clinical Informatics\n- Medical Education / Curriculum Development\n- Care Coordination / Case Management\n- Patient Safety / Medical Errors / Hand-off\n- Sedation / Pain Management\n- Global Health\nThe chosen focus area will dictate:\n- Research project topic\n- QI project\n- Hospital Committee assignments\nThe fellow will have mandatory didactics spread over the course of the year. These include:\n- The Common Fe", "Very calm grade gelding. Broke to ride but needs more miles. Rode in a halter just the other day and did great. Would be great project for someone wants a nice horse. Do know he is Doc Bar bred just has lost papers in the owner shuffle. Vet guesses him around 1", "model, based on chemical shift averaging by the making and breaking of hydrogen bonds as water undergoes rotational motion and translational self-diffusion on the pore surface, has been developed to explain the NMR spectral results. The model is able to reproduce the experimental \u00b9H MAS NMR spectra for all hydrations and temperatures studied. For the first time, definitive spectral assignments for all hydroxyl and water protons in the sample has been achieved. Spectral features arising due to temperature change have been explained by using the known result that the proton chemical shift of a hydrogen atom involved in hydrogen bonding varies linearly with temperature. Furthermore, it is reported for the first time, that with increasing hydration, water molecules begin to favour forming two hydrogen bonds to the surface. This may represent the first step in the pore filling process", "The classic French Camembert from one of the very best producers. Difficult to go wrong with this one. It can be pungent and vegetal with mushroom-y undertones, though when slightly younger it is lactic and milky. Camembert curds are hand ladled into moulds, keeping the curds as intact as possible to reduce the loss of whey. It is this that gives Camembert Reaux is creamy rich texture and melting mouth feel.\nTheodore Reaux opened his dairy in 1931 with the sole intention of making traditional camembert \u2013 as it had been made by Marie Harel in 1791; they now collect 22 million litres of milk a day from sixty farms in the surrounding countryside to produce camembert as well as butter and crea", "What activities did the kids engage in to create snowman decorations", "This is a surgery in which a plastic or dermatological surgeon transplants hair from one side of the head and plants it on the bald area of the scalp. The hair is usually moved from the back or side of the head to the bald scalp which is mostly in front or top of the head.\nThis procedure is done under anesthesia.\nYour scalp is cleaned thoroughly. The surgeon then numbs the area of your head using a small needle and local anesthesia.\nFollicles for t", "What types of BMW 3 Series headlights are available at CARiD.Com", "wy. the automatic sliding doors are convenient but when you hit a bump in the road the door will un-latch, causing an ever so annoying alarm to sound until you put the car in park and shut the door. no regrets buying this vehicle.Treat yourself moms and buy this car", "What features make Gunnar Scope glasses lightweight and comfortable to wear for extended periods", "ns on Design.\nBar & Nightclub Logo Design- The Design Effect\nThe image and design above gives any customer the enthusiastic feeling of walking in to this particular bar for the kind of entertainment displayed. And that is the goal to reach when designing a logo for the bar and nightclub industry. However adding effects to images can display the kind of satisfaction that people have had and are having! For example the image above if given a florescent effect to portray what has happened and could be happening would leave the viewer\u2019s mind thirsty for more.\nBar & Nightclub Logo Design \u2013 Diverse Designs\nIf you own a Lounge instead of Bar or a Night Club then your design and logo concept has to be more professional, serious and elegant rather than the Bold and Playful effect. What you have shouldn\u2019t necessarily be on display, but adding a hint to your design as to what you can offer relates to intelligent designing.\nIn the same manner of style you may own a Cigar Lounge, or a sports bar, integration of images is a great median of communicating what you have to offer directly to your consumers. While designing an elegant logo your designer will verify the kind of font being used. Brush Script, Castellar and Sans Serif almost always score. The colours play a significant role likewise, with mostly dark and electrifying colours from that of pitch black, blood red to bottle green and ocean blue. All transcend to entertainment psychologically.", "What is the process for determining which items can be kept, repurposed, donated, or discarded", "What festive activities have been done around the snowman theme despite the lack of actual snow", "How does the New Century IDA aim to help the community of Forsyth County", "What was the blog post with the highest number of views about", "Gurtz Electric Company has been the electrical contractor choice for many of Chicago\u2019s most prominent construction projects, since 1932.\nGurtz Electric Co. specializes in the installation, integration, start-up, testing, operation and maintenance of building electrical systems including:\n- Power and distribution systems for electrical power including power cables, co", "What was the main goal of the conference titled 'Gender, Households, and the Boundaries of Work in Contemporary China'", "What new strategy is Kosovo implementing to reward its best teachers", "What does Ali Parsa, the chief executive of Circle, propose for the NHS in England after their experience with Hinchingbrooke Hospital", "What features can players expect in the Twister online casino slots game", "What drug is sometimes referred to as Carboptic drops", "Target locations.\nLearn More About CVS\nCVS Pharmacy was established in 1963. CVS Health is the parent business of CVS Pharmacy. There are lots of drug store chains in the United States however CVS Pharmacy is on the top of the list if we speak about the biggest drug store chains in the United States. Presently, there are almost 10,000 CVS Pharmacy stores in various states of the United States. Fortune 500 noted the business among the biggest corporations in the United States. CVS is not everything about drug store. It uses a large range of services such as OTC drugs, cosmetics, movie and photo finishing services, welcoming cards, convenience foods and so on.\nStanley Goldstein, Sidney Goldstein, Hebreux Jules, and Ralph Hoagland are the founders of CVS. The first CVS store was opened in MA and it offered health and charm items. There were seventeen CVS shops in the United States and the business was simply one-year-old. CVS stores with pharmacy department began running in 1967. Melville Corporation purchased CVS in 1969. In 2015 CVS obtained Omicare and almost 2 thousand drug stores and clinics of Target.\nCVS Pharmacy 24 Hours Open Now\nSome CVS are 24 hours open, however lots of are close to you. If you need immediate medication, CVS is the very best way to make sure to find it. Discovering your area CVS Pharmacy open near me hours of operation is extremely easy. The CVS Pharmacy near me business hours connect offered here will provide you the capability to find the nearest CVS Pharmacy store hours special to your area of choice. As soon as you are rerouted to CVS Pharmacy Official Store Finder, enter your state, city, and postal code to see a list of the all the CVS Pharmacy hours and locations within your radius of choice. Select a particular place you wish to check out to see their special CVS Pharmacy store hours, address, contact number, and directions", "What sector was the largest application of vitamin E in 2014, and what percentage of the market volume share did it account for", "What concerns did Karen Jennings express about the impact of Circle managing Hinchingbrooke hospital", "What are the reasons Christopher Michael Luna prefers Google+ over Facebook", "unan, Jiangsu, Liaoning, Shandong, Shaanxi, and Zhejiang. Links between chapters largely involve thematic issues of work, households, and gender rather than data or methods per se, although there is some overlap in this regard for some chapters.\nShared topical focus and strong unifying themes help counterbalance this diversity. The conference generated a genuine sense of excitement about the topic and collegiality among participants. Part of the reason it worked so well was the innovative format, which assigned a larger than usual role to discussants and is reflected in the organization of this volume. The format for the conference emphasized both in-depth discussion of individual papers as well as more general and integrative discussion of papers in relation to one another. During the first morning, participants in each of the four sessions met separately for small-group discussion. Discussants provided detailed critiques of individual papers at this time. Authors also commented on each other's papers, which they had been asked to read in detail. These discussions were lively, interesting, and generative. All conference participants met together in the afternoon of the first day, and for the remaining one-and-a-half days of the conference. A half day was devoted to each of the four sessions. Papers had been made available in advance of the conference, so authors limited themselves to short, ten-minute summaries. Discussants followed, bringing out important perspectives and findings of individual papers and emphasizing general issues and unifying themes for the session. We include these remarks in the present volume at the end of the relevant section. One of the benefits of attending a conference is the opportunity to hear the discussant as well as general discussion. Authors have incorporated the detailed suggestions made by the discussants in the revised versions of their papers. The more general commentaries of the discussants are provided so that all can benefit from their larger view and insights.\n|\u3010\u5b57\u4f53\uff1a\u5927 \u4e2d \u5c0f\u3011\u3010\u6253\u5370\u3011\u3010\u5173\u95ed\u3011|", "ercent of Kosovo\u2019s teachers are unqualified. But according to an April report by Kosovo\u2019s statistical office covering the 2006-2007 school year, the figure is about 6 percent. About 65 percent of Kosovo\u2019s teachers had attained a two- or four-year university education. A 2001 survey by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development of more than 30 countries or regions showed that all but one, for which data were not available, required at least two years of training beyond secondary school for teachers.\nThe January strategy document complained that \u201cInadequate infrastructure, abuse and neglect of official duties, the low status of education employees in the society, inability to promote teachers because of the enforced equal treatment for all, and the lack of finances, have contributed to a feeling of hopelessness by the teachers and education experts.\u201d\nFor the first phase of certification, a teacher will have to present a relevant university diploma or other degree. But proving a teacher\u2019s length of service could be the first hurdle, as there is no central database with that information.\nDukagjin Pupovci, director of the Kosovo Education Center, a teacher training organization, said that in the absence of real proof of experience, evaluators might have to take a teacher\u2019s word for it.\nPupovci says the reforms will face other fundamental obstacles. \u201cFirst of all, the exact number of employees in education is unknown,\u201d he said, noting that some rolls might even contain the names of people who have died or left the country. The creation of a database is the only real answer to this problem, he said.\nAnd it won\u2019t get any easier in the second phase.\n\u201cThe challenging phase of certification will be when teachers are promoted according to their training,\u201d Pupovci said. For example, he said, the number of courses available might not be able to meet demand and a system of courses and credits will need to be standardized. \u201cIt is estimated that by 2011 only 70 percent of all teachers will get to this level of certification,\u201d Pupovci said.\nEducation was among the priorities of the Democratic Party of Kosovo, which came to power in December. A 2004 report by the UN Development Program, while bemoaning the lack of published information on the educational system in Kosovo, put the illiteracy rate in 2000 at 6.5 percent, one of the highest in Europe.\nThe government plans to start construction of 53 new primary schools this year, which would take up half of the 38-million-euro education budget. Among its investments this year was a new spelling and alphabet book for first-graders, replacing one that had been in use for decades, at a cost of about 2.6 million euros. The January strategy report stated that through projects financed by foreign aid, the participation of children in mandatory education has risen to 97 percent.\nThe Education Ministry estimates that the first phase of certification alone will cost around 8 million to 10 million euros. The Finance Ministry has warned that parts of the advanced phase of certification, raises for training and credits, for instance, will have to wait until the government finds a \u201clong-term stable sources and appropriate methods of financing them.\u201d\nBut Hyseni says they\u2019re actually going to do it this time. \u201cWe are aware that there is no economic development without quality education, as there is no quality education without well-paid teachers,\u201d he said.", "When was CVS Pharmacy established and who were its founders", "What are some of the educational topics covered in the Fellowship Curriculum lecture series for Nicklaus Children's Hospital fellows", "The chief executive of the first private company to take charge of an NHS district general hospital, in Cambridgeshire, has said he would like to see the model extended across the health service in England.\nSix months after Circle took over the struggling Hinchingbrooke Hospital Trust in Huntingdon, it has become \"one of the best in the country\" for quality and is on course to balance its books financially next year, said Ali Parsa. But health union Unison warned that the company's arrival has led to a cut in cleaning and increased job insecurity for staff, which could be detrimental to patient care.\nCircle needs a surplus of \u00a370 million over the next 10 years to make a profit at Hinchingbrooke, but Mr Parsa said this would only happen after the hospital's projected losses of \u00a3230 million are eliminated.\nThe Circle model, under which the company is \"co-owned\" by its workers and clinicians are given decision-making powers within the hospital, should \"absolutely\" be extended more widely across the NHS, he said. Asked if Circle would like to run more NHS hospitals, he replied: \"We would love it.\"\nMr Parsa told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: \"We believe our partners - doctors, nurses, healthcare professionals - should run their own hospitals. Look at Germany, where private companies run more hospitals than government does and satis", "ians really are: That they can be educated and mutli-lingual. That they don't need the outside world to tell them how to manage their own affairs.\nBut just as I was ready to leave the university, a 24-year-old dentistry student Noor Adeen tells me he thinks there shouldn't be a \"royal system of government\" in the Middle East.\nHe goes on to say that political change should happen in all countries, including Syria. A bold statement, considering public criticism of the government's policies is rarely tolerated.\nWe spend the evening at a restaurant called Leila's in old Damascus. After decades of erecting rather unattractive Western-style mega towers, some Syrians have started converting traditional Arabian courtyard homes into charming restaurants and hotels.\nThat's where we meet Imad Alfadel, an ambitious 26-year-old businessman whose family operates a big manufacturing conglomerate. He invested some of his family's fortune into Leila's, hoping to tap into Syrians' newfound taste in traditional and historic settings.\n\"If things don't move in the right way economically,\" Alfadel says, \"then again we're going to be an isolated country, sitting in the middle of this world that's moving forward while we're standing still.\"\nIn many ways, Alfadel's call for economic reform is significant: It is, after all, a call on the current government to give private enterprise more breathing room. For the last 35 years, the Syrian economy has been virtually paralyzed by state control and international isolation.\nBashar Al Assad, the son of former rule Hafez Al Assad, is apparently trying to slowly change some of the country's stifling rules. For instance, the government has allowed a private bank to operate in Syria for the first time in 40 years.\nAnd for some, economic change can't come soon enough: According to the International Labour Organization, up to 73 percent of young Syrians are unemployed. Driving into Aleppo, the country second largest city, joblessness is quite literally on display. There are rows and rows of unemployed day laborers selling their services on the side of the street for as little as $3 a day.\nSome tell me that after the assassination of Rafiq Hariri, there have been attacks against Syrian workers in Lebanon, so they decided to come back home, where they are finding very little work. Dozens of young men in their teens and twenties gather round our camera, eager to share their frustration, telling us that on an average week, they rarely find more than two days' work.\nAleppo is an interesting place because of its larger Christian population. That's where I chat with Rana Hatem, a 22-year-old pharmacology student. She also works part-time in a drugs company earning about $200 a month.\nHatem tells me that she feels much more open to the outside world than her parents were at her age.\n\"When we see TV, when we go to the Internet,\" she tells me, \"and see how people live. That makes us ask for more, ask for better.\"\nThe question is how long until young Syrians ask for more and better a little less quietly.Viewers in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America and North America can watch Hala's report from Syria on Inside the Middle East at 1800 ET (2200 GMT) on May 6, 1330 ET (1730 GMT) on May 7 and 1130 ET (1530 GMT) on May 8"]}