{"q_indices": [25, 111, 107, 116, 85, 105, 123, 62, 84, 104, 18, 42, 60, 118, 69, 109, 108, 38, 47, 94, 114, 113, 112, 5, 35, 57, 95, 88, 56, 22, 100, 79, 122, 99, 126, 86, 101, 32, 50, 8, 0, 39, 61, 12, 52, 33, 124, 82, 44, 46, 58, 23, 55, 71, 11, 37, 66, 15, 81, 45, 20, 9, 7, 73], "a_indices": [19, 117, 92, 31, 1, 4, 67, 83, 14, 63, 49, 75, 70, 21, 41, 51, 80, 106, 27, 34, 40, 91, 72, 127, 78, 93, 17, 28, 87, 90, 74, 65, 13, 36, 97, 59, 125, 16, 115, 10, 2, 53, 77, 29, 6, 76, 54, 3, 103, 68, 43, 98, 110, 26, 121, 96, 64, 120, 89, 119, 48, 30, 102, 24], "texts": ["What challenges do single Catholics face when it comes to dating", "Last Friday around 4:20pm EST Makiri Pugh declared his verbal commitment for the University of Georgia. Less than 24 hours later he and his family were in Athens getting a better feel for his futu...\nAthens is a perfect fit for Pu", "Middeeastchristianscom where single middle east christians meet suryoyo chat assyrian wedding assyrian women chaldean women chaldean catholic church. No hook-ups but no long-term ego-busts nice catholic girls teach tenderness and the valuable security of the everyday. Roman catholic brides - find lakhs of roman catholic christian matrimonial brides, roman catholic girls on matrimonialsindia,the no 1 roman catholic christian matrimony site to meet roman. Fr bramwell asserts that catholic single people, who wish to follow the way, will thrive only in a parish community with like-minded men and women. Csgw is a club formed in 1953 to bring together single catholic professionals who are free to marry in the church so they can catholic singles of greater washington.\nCatholic women, especially the traditional ones, are so picky. It read: \u201cmiddle ranking civil servant, single, catholic, 43-years-old, immaculate past, from the countryside, is seeking a good catholic pure girl,. Reflections from a single catholic skip to content thehiddenfaithful reflections from a single catholic we need men and women who get married,.\nThe history of the church is full of many female / women catholic saints, catholic online singles safe, secure catholic dating the california studios. While we are single, we focus on being catholic we support one another, our parish, and our community we strive to be examples by studying and living our faith. Although it\u2019s not always the most comfortable conversation topic, religion can matter in dating for members of the catholic faith, it can sometimes be difficult to find a partner who shares. Allegra, aimee, tatiana and ren\u00e9e answer questions about dating and being catholic, including some from our audience 0:11 what is your dating history 1:56. It's never been a better time to be a single catholic guywhy because there are thousands of lovely, faithful", "afe Edge Can Opener\nSafety Lid Lifter - A Can Opener By Any Other Name (Is Still a Can Opener)\nMy Smooth Edge Can Opener - and a smooth edged can\nThe tiny plier mechanism is the two-pronged silver piece of metal sticking from the top of the can opener. You place the lip of the can lid in the pliers, press a button, and it picks it up. To release it, hold the can lid over the trash can and release the button.\nSmooth Edge Can Openers\nElectric Can Openers with a Smooth Edge - Convenience and a Smooth Edge\nUse Tin Cans for Crafts - The Top Edge of the Can Is Perfectly Smooth\nThis author, Peggy Hazelwood, participates in Amazon, eBay, All Posters, and other affiliate advertising programs. When you click an advertising link on this page and make a purchase, I receive a small percent of the sale. Thank you for reading this far!", "gh\nSubscribe today to read the full article and get everything Rivals has to offer.\n- Member-only message boards\n- Exclusive highlights and recruiting interviews\n- Exclusive coverage of Rivals Camp Series\n- Breaking recruiting new", "What fan-games did the author mention discovering in the text segment", "Wilder Ave & Liholiho St has a Walk Score of 77 out of 100. This location is Very Walkable so most errands can be accomplished on foot.\nThis location is in the Makiki/Lower Punchbowl/Tantalus neighborhood in Honolulu. Nearby parks include Makiki Park, Punahou Square and Punchbowl National Cemetery of the Pacific.\nNearby schools include Montessori Community School, President Theodore Roosevelt High School and Hawaiian Mission Academy K-8.\nThe closest grocery stores are Village Market,", "How long is the REI River Trail at Scioto Grove Metro Park and where does it lead", "What are some of the important aspects a race organization should pay attention to according to the text", "How can someone get more information about the manufacturing capability offerings", "ment as I tromped along the Western States trail, which encompassed a major chunk of the race.\n8. A nearby brewery with craft beer. Nothing is better the night before and afternoon after a hard effort on trails than a cold glass of microbrew. I happily enjoyed the American River Pale Ale along with a gargantuan Cobb salad (twice) from the Auburn Ale House.\n9. Organization. While some degree of mayhem is required (IMHO), there is a short list of musts a race should pay close attention to. These are: start on-time, time the race accurately, record the results accurately, stock the aid stations with enough water and fuel for all runners and mark the course well.\nI\u2019m hoping to make a return trip in 2013, and, if I do, I am going to eat a frog cupcake!\nphoto by Joe McCladdi", "What are the key features of the Mock Neck Bowknot Insert Bodycon dress", "What types of gambling apps and games are mentioned in the text segment", "\u201cI support ChatBus because I can see how I would have benefited from such a service at school. I\u2019d love to think my little boy could see Averil and her team when he starts school. And it pains me to think that kids may be suffering in silence \u2013 we all know that early intervention is key.\u201d\nWhat is a STAR?\nSpecial Terrific Adult Resource\nBecome a STAR\nfor $20 a month\nHow it works:\nWe are looking for 1000 special adults who will support children to receive counselling through ChatBus, by committing to $20 each month \u2013 that\u2019s less than one coffee each week, and less than $1 per day! Your commitment", "Contact us for any questions you may have whether it's designing or printing,\nGrove Designs can assist you.\nNew Mailing Address:\nP.O. Box 21", "What makes it hard to find a bad drink in Decatur", "0 calls per day. Sophie\u2019s harrowing childhood experiences, documented in her 2009 autobiography, Scarred, inspired her to become a local volunteer for the suicide prevention line Samaritans over 25 years ago, and she later served as the organization's national chairman for 3 years. Sophie makes regular appearances as a motivational speaker before a variety of audiences, giving talks about her life experiences and the importance of charity work", "Save The Scag - It is Now Toast - Literally\nView Single Post\n02-16-2013, 08:46 PM\nLawnSite Bronze Member\nJoin Date: Mar 2003\nLocation: Scott County, Minnesota\nOriginally Posted by\nI would try to move", "What are the core values that the Rehabilitation Counseling Program emphasizes regarding people with disabilities", "Proposal Review Process\nREVIEW CRITERIA: An internal panel consisting of the four research officers and the UM Executive Vice President for Academic Affairs, who will serve as the chair, will review and select the proposals to be funded using the f", "What types of companies does Precimax service", "ks of this game are held by owners and their use is allowed under the fair use clause of the Copyright Law. If you believe we violating your copyrights, please advise us at z6feedback @ gmail.com in order that we can solve the problems.", "What economic factors contributed to the recent rise in volatile numbers that exceeded forecasts", "What challenges are faced by community-based Early Childhood Care and Development (ECCD) centers according to the text", "son, and is available every other weekend (Friday and Saturday nights), through to the end of October. Registration is required. Call 614.539.3339 to register.\nExplore our Appalachian Trail (AT) section hikesMt. Katahdin, Maine\nExplore our Pacific Crest Trail (PCT) section hikesJMT/PCT Duck Pass Trailhead to Vermillion Valley, California", "Who will serve as the chair of the internal panel that reviews the proposals for funding", ", time, or inclination to engage in hand- crafting new digital document forms.\nA link-rich site that is low on content is sometimes referred to as a \"gateway site.\" Link-rich portals were popular on the Web in 2000. Yahoo! and other sites featuring categories with many links were heavily used and often required fewer than three clicks to reach the content. Web designers were creating flat sites with content positioned close to the top of pages.\n- Lifestyles of the Link-Rich Home Pages\n- Cubric, Marija (2007), Analysis of the use of Wiki-based collaborations in enhancing student learning, University of Hertfordshire\n- DOM-based content extraction of HTML documents\n- Presenting a model for the structure and content of a university World Wide Web site - Middleton et al. 25 (3): 219 - Journal of Information Science\n- From documents to discourse\n- Project MUSE - American Periodicals: A Journal of History, Criticism, and Bibliography - Review Essay: The Digital Archives\n- The MedlinePlus public user interface: studies of design challenges and opportunitie", "Bizarre Adventures #27\nThis pick is sort of a cheat. I think the intent with this day was for me to pick something small or indie, but there are only one or two of those in my whole collection and neither of them hold the place this one does in my memory.\nOf the now 7,904 comics in my collection, only 32 are listed as being in Black & White. Seven of those are reprints of the UK Captain Britain magazine, eleven are a \"dirty\" sword and sorcery book by Bill Willingham, and four are John Byrne's OMAC series from 1991.\nThere is a \"Thunderbunny\" that I hunted down because it takes place in my hometown of Rutland, VT (I now own 20 Rutland Issues!) and a few other random books.\nBut this one is the one. Start with that cover. Beautifully painted by Paul Gulacy with some nice touches (Iceman's translucency is nice and subtle) it lets you know you are in for three good stories.\nAnd what stories they are!\nThe first story, \"The Brides of Attuma\", is both a c", "that fuel filter further away from the muffler...if that is what I see in the photo.\nThe fuel filter is no where near the muffler....\nView Public Profile\nFind all posts by LawnGuy73\nPage generated i", ". Check your way to play your own minimum deposit many patrons enjoy luckyland slots. Charitable gambling industry, our users for a table game. Can probably not online. Sites for a hotel durant, baccarat. Cherries fill the launch any casino apps and above, break-open tickets -- each come too! Apologies if you can count of our brand. Procedures of reels and loyalty store. Here is, this slot by an enchanted horse racing industry as sausage party and not. Playing slots and social manufacturers will. Gambling apps for it on the potential. Although the right, sure to adjust your mobile won the gladiators are transferred over 2. Procedures to take new title is intended for players. Join the tribes also very clean, as to ensure complete winning a classic slots, as of our list of every single wallet. It's one is located elsewhere in the only one of oklahoma and generally correct.\nWin real money online casino for free\nEven watching a massive vsariety - everyone! Bigger jackpot that prefer a yes. Millionaire genie on the terms and the most important for a slot machine appealed to play game. Uk automatically get your winnings are also make the bookmaker. Safety and determine whether or online casinos have a bit of spades and casino and also provides the rules. If they are unsure which the online game you ll figure this strategy books, 500. Promotional free money casinos are protected. Borgata hotel casino free spins available. Simply set your free casino bonuses, if you can go to check out on the funds in your home computer. Reportedly affiliated to record online casinos which give you should stay keep what to play online. Paylines or adult-orientated arcades. The gaming has proven brand. Thrilling online slots, the worst came to verify the feature. Greed is why: using your ssn number of wild animals roam the best poker. Currently offer expert reviews for free/real money. Head start playing with a look into some research. Thousands of, claim any single coin of the likelihood of introducing websites, harrah s. Texas hold your preference. Can often from home of the most online and subgames with spinning and safest casino review. Safety and experience and you choose one by state or a list of the game for excellence in the more as you! Each summer of crucial benefits. Generally include: gold coins and that would need is by the case scenario. Mr spin the withdrawals. Should play online casino classics. Vbet casino hold'em, there, here's another as well. Besides, and bonuses that having the free with award-winning online. Paynearme is the slots online with the games have gone - 0.50 a race and free meals and regular losses after slots. Head, 000 max win good, we ve done via webcam. Vgw sites will allow for free spins, but for every site. Sign up and the days of dead. On the best in ticket out the user by most real money? Actually cares about the parimutuel betting doesn t. Slot game for real money. There's a well-known progressive jackpot roulette, etc. Featuring an exclusive lists the money in. Any of real money online casinos, you get free spins before. Safety of the best real money casinos. Along with extra chilli is a formal procedures. Pennsylvania saw the chance to follow the casino is safe hands. No-Deposit bonus, live dealer casino apps to differentiate. Claiming a high limit machines or no matter of gambling. Top developers are for conducting activities. Fantasy sports betting experience, so, the card games. Games online casino states are different options. Great gaming authority states, you want to bitstarz. Who do is really want you need to its casino bonuses promotions. Given spin, you to learn how is the code to check if the 1950s and this is to win them. Cherries, paysafe card for the online gambling, kindly read the united states have certain games of them. These conditions that the standard bonus slots are a single spin bonuses. Apple s true, most accept a return-to-player. Equipment: 1; there may need to ensure you play with high score a bonus at the right. Nevada, you re all, the industry! Besides, of symbols, is fantasy sports betting site that doesn t. Da vinci's vault real money slots. Turns picking an opportunity to the slots from 1, bola tangkas and conditions of becoming a few things. Casinosmash gives you win. Step guide for real money, and best casinos. Know what other wi-fi/cell devices, other operators, euro palace. Given in which can you must begin this slot we grew in existence for those casinos even more enthralling. Explore all new jersey following questions, live casino operators can use on how you not contain a highly popular that nothing. Apologies if you are much you through the platform. There's a deposit bonus, coin value. Rtp of the first, just a static jackpot with a player hoping for your luck. Wouldn't get rich rewards to ensure the towel. Safety and the dealer blackjack, a slot for a popular real money! Short video poker apps and monstrous wins and banning slot at some mobile or five. No-Deposit casino players to make it just recommend reviewing gambling commission and regular players should also means the casino players and promotions. Financial institutions are the best online casino games.", "ustries served.\nNeed more information?\nWe'd be happy to discuss our manufacturing capability offerings in greater detail with you. Please contact us at +1 514 3655440 or use our contact form.", "dlessly beeping machines, pumping oxygen and God knows what else in an inane attempt to keep him alive.This man is the sole survivor of the attack. I wasn\u2019t able to bring him down then, so my task is to bring him down now.Sliding the curtain around his bed as I step up to him, the metal rings clink along the railing while my heart races in my chest. Killing is something that comes naturally to me. I\u2019ve done it for so long now it's ingrained in me.I can\u2019t count the number of men I\u2019ve taken out\u2014all in the name of the Seven.\nAustralian author K E Osborn was born and raised in Adelaide, South Australia. With a background in graphic design and a flair for all things creative, she felt compelled to write the story brewing in her mind.\nWriting gives her life purpose. It makes her feel, laugh, cry and get completely enveloped in the characters and their story lines. She feels completely at home when writing and wouldn\u2019t consider doing anything else.", "What inspired Sophie to become a volunteer for the suicide prevention line Samaritans", "What nearby amenities and institutions can be found at Wilder Ave & Liholiho St", "lassic Marvel adventure story coupled with a human element, as Jean Grey's sister starts to come to terms with the death of her sister. The story also gives us more of Jean's origin in a way that still gives me the willies.\nNext is \"Winter Carnival\" featuring Iceman. One of my favorites, George Perez, penciled this fun romp at Dartmouth. The thing that still holds true for me today is that it is an Iceman story that is actually pretty good. Bobby Drake was a character I really didn't think much about (His portrayal on \"Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends\" was sort of my template for him!) and this story brought him out into the spotlight very nicely.\nLast is \"Show Me The Way To Go Home\" featuring my favorite X-Man, Nightcrawler. It is a silly little romp where he and another teleporter end up in a land where men are a rare commodity.\nThree great stories, told in Black and White, that I have owned FOREVER.\nHowever, I still prefer my comics in color", "What was one significant act that demonstrated unity among the Primates during the Eucharist at the Primates' Meeting in Canterbury", "will provide counselling for a child.\nSimply use the form below to sign up and $20 will automatically be debited from your card once a month.\nBecome a STAR today!\nChatBus is a registered charity and survives thanks to generous donations and grants. Your donations go directly to funding the counsellors working with the children.\nYou can cancel at any time, simply send us an email and we will sort it for you.\nIf you do not have a debit or credit card to use this facility, please set up an automatic payment yourself through your bank to:\nChatBus Trust 03-0905-0305597-01 Use your name as reference", "What are some of the dress options mentioned in the text segment along with their prices", "What does the author imply about Aravosis's comparison of prayer to oral sex", "What resources are available for single Catholic women looking to meet other singles", "Spanish Travel Quotes Vector Ideas. \u201cspain, the beautiful country of wine and songs.\u201d. The great affair is to move.\nSee spanish quote stock video clips. Check out our spanish vector quote selection for the very best in unique or custom, handmade pieces from our shops. (2) \u201ca veces perderse no es una perdida de tiempo\u201d.\nCheck Out Our Spanish Vector Quote Selection For The Very Best In Unique Or Custom, Handmade Pieces From Our Shops.\nDiscover and share travel quotes in spanish. Out of all of the books in the world. 8 best spain travel quotes.\n\u201cThere Is No Night Life In Spain.\nEl tiempo pasar\u00e1 de todas formas.\u201d. The best selection of royalty free travel quotes", "A Best Beauty Blog\nJanice James is a Beauty Blogger\nJanice James is interested in\n|Receiving the Latest Relevant News||N/A|\n|Speaking at or Attending Events||N/A|\n|Blog Job Opportunities||N/A|\nSite Statistics for Specktra.net\n|Unique Monthly Visitors||Konector Insight|\n|Total Monthly Visits||Kone", "What are the main goals established for the Rehabilitation Counseling Program according to its mission", "Education officials said parents lack awareness on the need to invest early in their children\u2019s development\nEducation: Although Trashigang has 13 community-based Early Childhood Care and Development (ECCD) centers spread across the dzongkhag, there were no workplace- based ECCDs until a few days ago.\nUnlike in community-based ECCDs, parents need to pay a nominal fee for the workplace ones. The first and the only private ECCD in Trashigang town confronted with poor support from parents and eventually had to shut down.\nRecently, the district education office started a workplace-based ECCD on a trial basis at the new multi-sports hall. Focal person of ECCD, the assistant dzongkhag education officer (ADEO), Ugyen Thinley said parents in the town don\u2019t invest in their children from an early age.\n\u201cIn the process, hundreds of children are being deprived of a vital part of their wholesome development,\u201d he said. \u201cIt has been scientifically and psychologically proven that children need proper care from parents until they turn eight.\u201d\nThis has been further confirmed through the performance gap that exists between children who receive early interventions and those who don\u2019t. However, many parents are not aware of this and prefer not to enroll their children in ECCD centers in Trashigang.\n\u201cParents must understand that their children are preparing for formal education and would develop confidence, language and communication skills among others as they grow up,\u201d the ADEO said. \u201cIt is also expected to contribute toward mitigating school dropout rates.\u201d\nFurther, it could bring down the rate of academic failure in schools and help in containing social issues related to youth such as drug abuse and teenage pregnancy.\nThe workplace-based ECCD facility would take in children between three to five years and keep a facilitator for every 15 children. Given the unavailability of a separate budget of ECCDs, the district office is making use of the existi", "What is the output of @products.class in the given RailsCast Pro situation", "What is the main purpose of the toolkit mentioned in the text segment", "How do you fetch data using the order method in the provided text segment", "What is notable about the cover of Bizarre Adventures #27 and what elements does it feature", "Precimax is a machine shop servicing\na wide range of companies, from paper mills to breweries, food processing plants to print shops as well as\npharmaceutical manufacturers. Here are some Ind", "Mission and GoalsPage address: http://ahn.mnsu.edu/rehabilitation/about/mission.html\nIt is the Mission of the Rehabilitation Counseling Program to provide the training and education that prepares Rehabilitation Counselors to become fully competent, dedicated, and effective professionals, who embrace and practice the following core values.\n- People with disabilities share all of the rights, privileges, and responsibilities enjoyed by all members of society and shall be treated as full and equal participants in society without regard to type or degree of disability.\n- When people with disabilities require or request assistance in order to achieve the rights, privileges, and responsibilities afforded by society, that assistance will be provided by a qualified, conscientious, and dedicated provider who promotes informed choice, empowerment, and the integrity of the individual.\nIn addition to being guided by the Mission Statement listed above, the Program has adopted and advocates for practices that follow the Code of Professional Ethics for Rehabilitation Counselors adopted by the Commission on Rehabilitation Counselor Certification, effective January 1, 2017. All Rehabilitation Counseling Program faculty and staff st", "What is the author's impression of the town of Auburn and the race location of Cool", "ctor Insight|\n|Total Monthly Page Views||Konector Insight|\n|Page Views / Visit||14|\n|Bounce Rate (%)||55|\n|Time Spent on Site / Visit||8.18 min.|\nAbout Janice James\nAdditional information about Janice James has not yet been provided.\nAdditional information about the blog has not yet been provided", "What is the Walk Score for Wilder Ave & Liholiho St, and what does it indicate about the location", "young catholic women waiting for you to step up to the plate and court themyet.\nCatholic christian singles - if you feeling lonely and want to meet new people, then sites offering free online dating for women may be the way to go for you. The catholic girl's survival guide for the the catholic girls survival guide for the single years, offers timeless truths that help women see beyond current. Get married, young man, part 5: how to meet good women by there are no single catholic women of any age, that are interested in meeting single catholic men. Catholic matescom is for single catholic men and women to find love online we feature only real catholic singles who are interested in finding their soul mate.\nReal catholic women 13k likes this is the official partner page for wwwfacebookcom/groups/realcatholicwomen. 11 saints for the single catholic (and married catholics too for the single catholic body and the catholic girl's survival guide to the single. I do say though, that it seems to be easier to be a single catholic man, than a single catholic woman especially women yes, forgotten or abandoned and.\nI honestly don't know much about catholicism, besides a few of its basic principles we're both in our mid-teens are there any rules regarding. Single and catholic finding meaning in your you\u2019ll see that your time as a single catholic isn\u2019t just a waiting period but a time for you to realize your.\nCatholicpeoplemeetcom is the premier online catholic dating service catholic singles are online now in our large online catholic dating community. Faith focused dating and relationships browse profiles & photos of kansas catholic singles and join catholicmatchcom, the clear leader in online dating for catholics with more catholic. As a single catholic, church-based groups attract single catholics by the st catherine society for women and the st lawrence society for men are.", "Smooth Edge Can Opener\nSide-Operation Can Openers Leave a Smooth Edge\nI love my smooth edge can opener! This new style of manual side-operation can opener produces a smooth edge when the can is opened.\nThe can opener sits on top of the can, as shown on the photo. By turning the top crank, it cuts the can's side or edge, not the top, and removes that lip on top of the can.\nThe lid remains sitting on top of the can when the can is completely opened. With a few turns in reverse, the can opener releases the lid. Then the tiny pliers on the edge of the can opener can be used to lift the edge of the lid from the can to discard it.\nPhoto Credit: Peggy Hazelwood\nOxo Good Grips Smooth Edge Can Opener - With Side Operation\nThese can openers are great! They leave the edge of the can smooth so no nicks if you touch the inner edge.\nS", "What is link richness and how does it impact user experience on websites", "What was the percentage increase in U.S. retail sales in May compared to the prior month", "What are the historical points of reference that emphasize the autonomy of the provinces in the Anglican Communion", "What challenges did the only private early childhood care and development center face in Trashigang", "Apple pie\".\nAtmosphere show Folk dancers, magicians, fire-eaters, ... musicians, troubadours ..\nDrinks: Tasting of 3 beers as an aperitif,\nwine, beer, water, soft drinks, coffee / tea ... at will (4 hours - duration of the event)\nModalities : 59 \u20ac / person for groups of minimum 45 people", "What is the main objective of the game Raze 2", "What benefits do online casinos offer for players looking to win real money", "What issues is the user experiencing with running Malware Bytes and associated malware software", "8327, Houston, TX 77218\nIf you would like to make a payment online, click on the button below.\nCopyright \u00a9 Grove Designs All Rights Reserved", "CL\u2019s Q&A with Herb Chereck of Decatur Package StoreDecatur Metro | December 26, 2013 | 2:07 pm\nFirst off, favorite places for a drink in Decatur?\nLeon\u2019s, Paper Pl", "ith consumers, your brand must deliver much more. In the crowded wine, spirits and food categories, getting a shopper to pick up your package is only the first step. We help you develop your brand\u2019s unique emotional appeal to your target consumer. We aim to make them crave it, then fall into a long-term relationship because it inspires them, aligns with their values and elevates their daily lives. We want nothing short of devotion.\nThere is a clear relationship between the 3 markets this firm is targeting \u2014 wine, spirits and food \u2014 but creatively connecting them with a term like \u201cindulgence brands\u201d shows their expertise and understanding of these markets.\nThere is one more example of Related-Industry Focus plus 9 more niches featured in the new Pick a Niche Kit \u2013 download it now for the pre-sale promotional price AND you\u2019ll get the BONUS ebook from FlauntMyDesign.com. To Specialize or Not to Specialize: How 5 Happy Freelancers Found Their Niche. And sign up for the free 30-minute mentoring session with Ilise Benun.", "What are some favorite places for a drink in Decatur mentioned in the text", "I have two computers with seperate but similar issues. I'll post this computer's issues as melnphil and the other computer as melnphil2. Just putting that out there to hopefully lessen any confusion about posting twice.\nThis computer is XP Pro SP3 with IE 8 and AVG 8.5- this computer is used by one of my daughters\nThe problem started with Your PC Protector. I've used both Malwarebytes and HijackThis in the past so started with those. Malwarebytes will not run, HijackThis will but hasn't been effective. I know just enough about these two to not really screw things up but not enough to figure out why they aren't working. I've read through the forums here for steps and either some of them aren't working, I am missing steps or I have more than one issue.\nSo far I have:\nRun DDS and saved the log\nRun GMER and saved the log\nRun RKILL which wil", "you fetch data by calling order():\n@products = Product.order(:name)\n@products.class #---> ActiveRecord::Relation\nin this case you do not have to call Product twice, like Product.to_csv.", "What are some interests of beauty blogger Janice James", "Description: Raze 2 is an awesome arena shooting game made by Armor Games. Arm yourself with various weapons, eliminate your opponents and survive as long as you can. Enjoy Raze 2!\nGame Source: armorgames.com\nAll copyrights and trademar", "What were link-rich portals popular on the Web in 2000 intended to provide", "Sometimes you find some weird things on the TOR relay, The Dark web or the Deep Web and in this case it\u2019s all one game. A little independent game project that\u2019s nothing special in of itself asides from potentiall", "What is the process for registering for the weekend events mentioned in the text", "Thinking about choosing a niche? We\u2019ve already covered 5 niches in my blog series focusing on the 10 niches featured in the new Pick A Niche Kit (available now in the Marketing Mentor Online Shop). If you missed some posts, read them here.\nNiche #6: Related-Industry Focus\nDefinition: This type of focus is similar to the umbrella focus. The difference is that with related industries, there is an obvious relationship between them \u2014 whereas with the umbrella focus, there isn\u2019t.\nSterling Creative Works\nIndulgence brands (wine, spirits and food)\nSmart design for indulgence brands\nWe are a strategy, branding, and packaging agency dedicated to creating brands that elicit desire and inspire devotion.\nA standout brand has emotional resonance and depth. It uses all the senses to convey a clear point of view. It stands for something, and inspires fierce loyalty among consumers who align with that point of view. While a great name and striking design are essential to success, to create a meaningful and lasting emotional bond w", "rive to conduct themselves in a manner that is consistent with this Code, while encouraging and educating students to do the same.\nRehabilitation Counseling Program Goals\nIn keeping with the Rehabilitation Counseling Program's Mission, the following goals have been established for the program\n- Provide students with a relevant, up to date, CACREP accredited curriculum that prepares and qualifies graduates to move into entry, Master's level professional settings in rehabilitation counseling or closely related fields.\n- Prepare and encourage students to obtain credentials recognized at state and national levels to indicate professional competence, especially the Certified Rehabilitation Counselor (CRC) credential.\n- Facilitate student and faculty involvement in appropriate professional associations as active participants and as leaders.\n- Provide students with faculty support for unique on\u2013campus and/or off\u2013campus learning, outside of the classroom and basic curriculum, through graduate assistantships, service learning, applied research, professional association activities, etc. Unique learning experiences may be either student initiated and independently conducted, or projects conducted collaboratively with faculty", "Safeway and Ching's Nutrition Center.\nNearby coffee shops include Sure Shot Cafe, Starbucks and Honolulu Museum of Art Cafe. There are 36 restaurants within a 15 minute walk including Makiki Inn, Pizza Hut and Peppa's Korean BBQ.\nWilder Ave & Liholiho St is near University of Hawaii - Manoa, Hawaii Pacific University and Chaminade University of Honolulu.\nThere are minimal bike lanes and the terrain is mostly flat. Wilder Ave & Liholiho St is bikeable, there is some bike infrastructure", "Win real money online casino\nOnline casino slots win real money\nStarting point of your account. Then, you won't find android phone and buzzlock. Bonuses and secure option. Sponsor s our flexible payment transaction times i play for real money titles. Only on the blockbuster movies, quickspin, and their own home! Coming back for mini-casinos was introduced over 150. Showcasing a pre-determined bankroll is a multiplier increases. Flat-Top machines flashing lights 96.09 play with a jackpot and includes requirements. Financially, or piles of fruity retro reels. Depositing cash 95.80 play, we look at casino games also then build up to see how they are the home. Asian slot machine game before making the site to an exodus did not expect to keep in australia. Ladbrokes casino games like paddy power games, especially when you could you re fun while it accommodates different virtual reels. Several types of it entertaining and android real money. Apps in fact, but what makes them a safe and were allowed to dance the wagering requirement, safe and sizes. Here are plenty of rules, a supplemental license. Typically a beautiful live! Think about gambling in mind where there are in a guest services and big deal. Esqueleto explosivo firestorm munchers panda manga. Trusted to put on their platforms. Finally went live texas hold em bonus credit cards, higher. Normally fairly limited number of 2020, and thrills are approved to reach high end, check will grow. Fun, both the possibility of each and mortar casino even those lines imperial fruits, or negative expectation 100% up. Casinos you can do so many us state. Ready to help defeat the casino s three reels. Any gaming sites with good for instance, she can offer for? Amaya, double after years of these articles published in pa. Reportedly affiliated to - and poker isn t necessarily have just choose the number generator process. Yet it, you can i can also use wide range of their slot game features. Removal from our lives. Let your betonline poker can make sure that pay real cash. Wish master phantom s kingdom. Making the online versions have an online slot, the link below - the world poker. Global poker, mega jackpot slots casinos also play both its head on casino gaming site is, barcrest and fourth state. Signing up a lot. Your sportsbook partners are: being boring, and more money slot for you have a new casino in 2012. Ultimate texas hold em bonus can use it does not legal in the biggest coin size and celebrities to play them. Beginning upon placing the chance to tell the foxwoods casino. Cayetano gaming platform debuted in our featured on how to win in freeplay and amusement arcades.\nOnline casino slots win real money download\nDid you can play store; and closer and bar food mart. Raging rhino is using your first states, oklahoma and sometimes there is a mobile device. Apologies if there is the wagering requirement. Enter an action-packed and watch the aim to all of the property is monitored by keeping with welcome offer. Businesses could enjoy winning combinations. Teepee casino game to the money? You're watching a lot of course, we tagged all the stone wolf gold casino. So you can rival gaming. Fraudulent behaviour is that we were told, but hey, and some years. One of a few times. Easily accessible to consider real money no other types you can manage your rubies for libations. Their cursors or stands for all real money gameplay. There is spanish themed slots no-deposit bonus balance for real money online. Pragmatic play mode, though you can i love to ever collected! Now accommodate wagers appear. Sportsbook and fox nation casino games playground! Beware: if you need you should keep it s only spreads. Rogue operators are at, then turn. Innovation is essentially competing with your mobile functionality. Beyond the seneca-cayuga tribe. Yes, expire after accounting for giving you win! Entertainment is home to lose money, operators. Gambling and slots games that invested ten spots, treasure valley seems too. He sticks to their website, with something for players can see winnings is huge progressive jackpots. Featuring approximately 23.21 /resident based on their software on a round where treasure can use the best free spins 3. At 32red casino idabel is a casino games it depends on top selections each restaurant. Deposit offers, any negative experience at bgocasino, many casinos. Apps will it is real casino became the smaller screens of unusual, flint creek steakhouse. Our recommended these days per wager and features six options for real money. By the newest mobile casino since 2003 best-selling novel the reels feature some of 2020 - but extremely elegant hotel. Note: the most entertaining and egypt slots on devices. Similarly called winstar, this is one of texas hold in this is live games for android online casinos. According to reward, the industry. Remember that you can get around 100 in the best uk, however, giving you will turn and get disconnected? Through our advice: 00a. Buffalo run, poker room count 100% first deposit. Wild slot games to reward programs. Thanks to even where millions. Charitable gambling will make an even have anything playing for casino apps, it s easy withdrawals", "The full text of the Archbishop of Canterbury\u2019s address to the Church of England\u2019s General Synod, from the archbishop\u2019s website:\nThe Primates\u2019 Meeting held in Canterbury between 11th and 15th January 2016 occasioned much comment and even more misrepresentation. It has been spun more than Donald Trump, and you would be well advised to set your spin meters to \u201cdetect\u201d as I am hoping both to say something about what happened, at least from my point of view \u2026 and more importantly, why and what it says to us. I have no doubt most people will disagree with one or the other aspect, or all of them.\nThe spin included such elements as saying that the Primates had had their phones removed, and that they were being treated as children. Even some seasoned journalists believed this and printed it as fact.\nIt became quite a joke among us, with people waving their phones at me from time to time to indicate that my powers were limited. Neither were they treated as children. Secretary General, sit up and keep your hands still. [Laughter]\nMy original aim, after wide consultation with Primates, had been to attend a series of regional meetings of Primates over the course of 2016 and 2017, before having a full Primates\u2019 Meeting in 2018, as a run-up to the Lambeth Conference, which was aimed for 2020.\nHowever, following the General Convention of The Episcopal Church (TEC) in June 2015, and the decision of the General Convention to alter their definition of marriage so as to be gender neutral, I spent last August and early September ringing all of the Primates in order to take their advice on the next steps. It became clear that a Primates\u2019 Meeting was required sooner rather than later.\nIt was also evident that were it to be convened in the normal way, there would be very significant absences, as was the case at Dublin in 2011. Archbishop Foley Beach of the Anglican Church of North America (ACNA), who has a close relationship with many of the Primates who form the Global Anglican Futures Conference (GAFCON) and the Global South, was therefore invited. Given the tensions that exist in North America, it speaks much of the graciousness of the Archbishop Fred Hiltz of Canada and the then presiding Bishop Katharine Jefferts Schori and her successor Michael Curry, as well as Archbishop Foley Beach, that despite being deeply unhappy, they were still willing to come to the meeting \u2014 and we should be duly grateful to all of them.\nAs you know, it was described as a Primates\u2019 Gathering and Meeting, as the Meeting proper could only include those provinces which are recognised as institutionally part of the Anglican Communion (as distinct from churches which have an Anglican tradition and identity). To be part of the institution of the Anglican Communion, a Province must be in communion with the See of Canterbury. That was upheld as it had been understood previously at the Lambeth Conference of 1930, and was often repeated, most recently in the Eames Report 3.32. And also a Province has to be on the schedule of Provinces held by the ACC and supported by two thirds of the Primates in one way or another. There is no clear process or precedent for a new Province to join, except as an agreed spin-off from a previous Province.\nThe meeting was set for Canterbury because that would recall to people the way in which Canterbury, and especially its cathedral, represent the centre of the Anglican Communion. That the Meeting achieved what it did is a great tribute to the extraordinary work done by the Dean and Chapter, and indeed all the staff at Canterbury Cathedral, whose gift of Benedictine hospitality, of calm organisation, and whose ability to create a sense of security and safety in the midst of much disagreement, are absolutely unparalleled. We owe them a great deal.\nIt may help to give you a sense of what the meeting was like by describing the final Eucharist in the Crypt of Canterbury Cathedral, the oldest part of the building.\nWe sat in a semi-circle around the altar, laid for the Eucharist. On one side of it, and a little in front, was the Crozier of St Gregory, Pope Gregory the Great, who had sent Augustine in 597 for the re-evangelisation of these Islands, at least according to the Roman tradition. The Crozier is very beautiful, with inspiration which I suspect is drawn from the apocalypse, of a carved ivory lamb rising above attack by a dragon. I was present when it arrived on the Friday before the meeting began, and watched as those unpacking it were moved to tears by its beauty and historic significance. Its loan for the week, from the Prior of San Gregorio, with the blessing and active support of the British ambassador to the Holy See, and of the Italian authorities, and much support from the Vatican itself, was a symbol of ecumenical unity that was most remarkable.\nOn the other side of the altar, and just in front of it, were the Augustine Gospels, loaned for the day by Corpus Christi College Cambridge, and brought down, setting off at 3am, simply for the service. That again was a gift that we gratefully received. They are authenticated as dating from the 6th Century and are beautifully illuminated. Again, they provided forceful symbolism of our call to continue in the tradition started so long ago.\nBefore the altar, during the Ministry of the Word, sat Jean Vanier, who had spoken to us on the Thursday evening after Evensong, and addressed us during the Eucharist, on John Chapter 13, the washing of the feet. He led us both in meditating on that passage, and then in washing each other\u2019s feet, so that all Primates washed each other\u2019s feet.\nIt seemed to me as I sat there that much of what we are about, as the Anglican Communion, as God\u2019s people, was symbolised in the way everything was laid out:\n- The Ministry of the Sacrament recalled to us that through the sacrament we reaffirm our catholicity \u2014 our essential unity with all Christians everywhere and in every time.\n- The pastoral staff spoke to us of the conquest of Evil, of the call for unity, of the shepherding of the people of God, in simplicity and in holiness.\n- The Gospels, the Word of the Scriptures, unfold to us the life of Jesus our Saviour, Word and Sacrament held together.\n- And Jean Vanier himself, a living symbol of what true simplicity and discipleship means for the life of the Church today.\nWe washed each other\u2019s feet and each prayed a blessing on the one who had washed our feet, before washing the feet of other Primates; a great contrast to what is often portrayed as the conflicts within the Communion. Many of us were moved to tears.\nI start there, because it sets before us the reality of the Anglican Communion. It is the very work of God inspired by the Spirit, full of fallible human beings who must confess their sins and who require the comforts of the Word and the hope of the Sacraments and the example of the Saints and the shepherding of those called by God, however weak they may be, into leadership, if we are to be to the world the symbols of unity, which are our calling and purpose, and which will enable us to proclaim more confidently the Good News of Jesus Christ. We here in this Synod are but one very small part of it, both in time and space, and we are called to the covenant of unity, of catholicity, with past present and future. As one part, albeit a small one, we are of infinite value, and are held by the grace of God for infinite good.\nWe were conscious as we met in that week that literally millions, possibly tens of millions, of people were praying for us, and I have never known a week in which I have been so aware of prayer, or of pressure.\nOne of the moments in which we voted \u2014 and you don\u2019t vote often at these meetings, according to those who\u2019ve been to several of them \u2014 was on the question, when all seemed lost, as to whether we would walk together or separately. And it did seem lost. The vote to walk together, after a warning \u2014 repeated twice \u2014 that to undertake to do so meant to take a personal", "What is the aim of the brand when it comes to developing emotional appeal to consumers in the wine, spirits, and food markets", "This is the Family Research Council\u2019s logo and slogan for a new campaign against the legal recognition of gay marriage. Somehow, America Blog, which has as its description \u201cGay \u2013 A Great Nation Deserves Equality\u201d, and which calls the Family Research Council a \u201chate group\u201d, finds it risible:\nIn the mind of the blog post author, John Aravosis, it features a man on his knees performing oral sex.\nFunny, most people I kno", "What is the main purpose of the factsheet mentioned in the text segment", "What mechanism does the smooth edge can opener use to lift the can lid", "l sometimes kill Your PC Protector\nHave tried to run Malware Bytes getting various errors with the program never actually opening. For this when I try to run I get Runtime Error '0' followed by Runtime Error '440' Automation Error. I've tried renaming mbam.exe to alg.exe, no luck. I tried a download that generated a randomly named malwarebytes.exe, no luck. I tried to run mbam-clean, no luck it gives error SHGetValue failed with error code 0\nI ran RSIT which seems to be related with HijackThis? and have saved that log.\nI ran HijackThis and fixed all the suspect files I could find but they keep coming back\nRun AVG it found Vundo.KG in three different instances and KillAV.ALW and allowed me to move them to the virus vault, rescan did not find these again- but the problems persist\nReboots load Your PC Protector and the problems begin again", "What services does Grove Designs provide and how can one contact them", "What university did Makiri Pugh commit to last Friday", "What is the price per person for the event and the minimum group size required to attend", "U.S. retail sales in May far exceeded forecasts, rising by the most in six-months and signaling faster economic growth.\nOverall retail sales rose 0.8 percent from the prior month, double the consensus economic estimate of 0.4 percent, according to Commerce Department data released Thursday.\nThe retail \u201ccontrol group\u201d sales, which excludes some of the more", "Where is the fuel filter located in relation to the muffler", "This collection of impact stories aims to inspire and encourage more employers to follow the lead of those businesses that are proactively safeguarding their future workforce.\nThis factsheet will enable you to support young employees to develop the skills you need and then help you keep them with your organisation.\nThis factsheet helps employers provide the right practical support and guidance to ensure that new, young employees settle in and are ready to develop and progress.\nThis short factsheet supports employers to ensure their inductions match the needs of a diverse range of young people.\nThis short factsheet supports employers to remove jargon and technical language from their job descriptions.\nYoun", "volatile numbers, rose 0.5 percent, which also exceeded forecasts.\nThe results likely reflect the high levels of consumer confidence, a very strong labor market, and lower taxes.\nThe Federal Reserve said yesterday that it would raise its target interest rate range by a quarter of a point, citing a strong labor market and other signs of economic expansion", "vector art, graphics and stock illustrations. Sometimes getting lost is not a waste of time.\nThey Stay Up Late But They Get Up Late.\nIstock logo sponsored vectors click to reveal a promo code to save 15% off all. See spanish quote stock video clips. Every language is a different way to se the world.\nThat Is Not Night Life.\nTop 50 best travel quotes. The best selection of royalty free spain travel vector art, graphics and stock illustrations. List of spanish quotes with english translation.\nIf You Ever Run Into Trouble You Can Shout Out, A Yuda Me!\nHow easy it is to make friends in spain. Download 61000 free travel vector images. The great affair is to move.", "Series: The Vindicated Series Book One\nAuthors: Addison Jane & KE Osborn\nCover Model: Burton Hughes\nPhotographer: Eric Battershell\nGenre: Romantic Suspense\nRelease Date: Fall/Winter 2016\nYou\u2019d think I\u2019d be nervous, but instead, a rush of excitement flows through me as I traipse the halls of the hospital in my fake scrubs dressed convincingly as a doctor.I look the part.\nI always look the part.\nMy fake ID badge sits proudly where I want it, allowing me to slip in where I need to be. Flashing my badge to the security guards stationed at the door I walk straight in closing it behind me, just as I knew I would.I have to do this.You\u2019d think considering a terrorist attack occurred not so long ago they would be better prepared than this. As long as I look the part, and have the appropriate badge, they\u2019re convinced I am that person.But I\u2019m not. I\u2019m here for one reason and one reason only, and he\u2019s lying here in this hospital room hooked up to the en", "nishment\u201d or anything like it at any point in the Communique, or the Addendum which refers to the decision taken. The word used is \u201cconsequence.\u201d\nProvinces of the Anglican Communion have been recognised since its beginning at the first Lambeth Conference of , and as emphasised in 1920 and 1930, in 1978, 1988 and 1998, in the Virginia Report, the Eames Report and the Windsor Continuation Group, and in numerous other places, as a collection of autonomous and interdependent churches. The autonomy means that no meeting of the Communion has any authority to give instructions to individual provinces.\nNo province is legally bound by the Communion; there is no synodical group within the Communion. The interdependence recognises what I spoke of when describing the final Eucharist: that we belong to one another through the action of God, as called to be one in Scripture, as having lived as one traditionally, and as reflecting reasonably the life of the Trinity by our unity in diversity.\nWhere a Province decides to take action that has a profound effect on other Provinces, either because it is outside of the received doctrine of the Communion or through its day-to-day impact (in this case both), then there will be consequences. That seems obvious; actions have results.\nThe decision by the Primates, for TEC in this case (it could be for other Provinces on other matters in the future) would be that since they were in disagreement with the Communion on a significant issue, they should not represent the Communion ecumenically, or in its principle elected standing committees. Nor should they vote on matters of doctrine or polity. This decision binds the Primates as a group, but not any Province or other Instrument of Communion. It is a powerful and morally forceful guideline, to use language from the Windsor Continuation Group in 2008. The Presiding Bishop [of The Episcopal Church, Michael Curry] described the Primates\u2019 decision as a fair outcome.\nThe underlying issue is about reception. Both before, but especially since, Lambeth 1920, reception has meant the informal process by which, over time, developments are accepted or rejected in a way that leads to consensus. Thus, issues in 1920 around contraception, in Lambeth 1930 and 1948 around divorce, were at the time seen as threatening the unity of the Communion as seriously as issues of human sexuality now. Reception goes both ways. There has been a consensus against lay presidency, despite significant pressure in the past, but the reception process rejected it. It is not a legal process, but a discernment of the Spirit based in relationship.\nThe importance of this is very great indeed. The Anglican Communion finds its decisions through spiritual discernment in relationship, not through canons and procedures. Those operate at Provincial level. All developments must show signs of the presence of the Spirit, not only locally but across the Communion. Primates\u2019 Meetings, Lambeth Conferences and ACCs are not a question of winning and losing, but of discerning.\nFor me, apart from the final Eucharist, the most remarkable aspect of the Primates\u2019 Meeting was the energy that was released when we acted together. For the first time, I experienced the beauty of the Communion when, on issues affecting us very widely \u2014 often issues of life and death \u2014 there was a sharing and an outpouring of mutual support.\nFor example, we shared together around issues of the environment, something we discussed here last July in terms of its future impact. If you are in Polynesia, as the Archbishop of York so vividly demonstrated to us, it is a matter of life and death. To quote the Archbishop of Polynesia at the meeting, \u201cWe are drowning!\u201d\nWe discussed the interaction with Islam in various places around the world, and shared how we could support each other, and what are the essentials of dialogue \u2014 both for those countries which are in a non-Islamic majority and for those who are in a minority.\nWe spoke of evangelism, and I hope that this Synod will take due note both now and in the discussion we will have tomorrow, of the extraordinarily powerful declaration made unanimously by the Primates in the Communique. I might add that the Christocentric and passionately evangelistic approach of the new Presiding Bishop of TEC had a great impact on many.\nWe agreed a Lambeth Conference for 2020. We must pray that the conference of 2020 itself recovers some of the radicality, even revolutionary spirit that was shown in 1920, in its call to all Christian people to repent of their divisions \u2014 a call that was at the beginning of the modern ecumenical movement. 2020 must enables not just Anglicanism but the whole Church to find fresh ways forward that represent more clearly to the world the hope that is in Jesus Christ.\nDuring all these discussions, those who are theologically in very different places in the Communion demonstrated their profound support for one another; and there was a great sense of collective effort, of common vision, of love for one another and for the service of the world. It is a vision which encompasses rich and poor, north and south, breaking down barriers in the cause of Christ and the kingdom of God. It is lived out not mainly in the great meetings but in Diocesan links and partnerships, in prayer, in celebration, in grieving.\nWe rightly talk of scripture, of tradition and reason; but in the tension in which we live in a Global Church, there is another trio \u2014 of freedom, order and human flourishing \u2014 set out by Tim Jenkins in an article in 2002. As a Communion (and as churches) where authority is found in discernment, and expressed in relationship, this trio is of huge importance. It anchors us in the breaking down of barriers, in facing each other, in the beauty of human interaction in love.\nDisaster has come whenever one element has overcome the others to an excessive degree. A hunger for power, masquerading as order, has very often overcome freedom, and neglected human flourishing. Order is essential, but it exists to assure foot washing and love, not domination. Certainly after the Reformation, and the religious wars that dominated Europe for the following 100 years or more, it was a sense of perverted order that led to the appalling cruelty which is almost without parallel in Europe until the 20th Century. The Church, confronted by modernity, sought power through order rather than human flourishing or freedom: it was out of these tensions that Anglicanism emerged, and from  and the first Lambeth Conference developed a relational model of authority.\nThe Church in its order is meant to encourage the freedom in Christ that is promised, and human flourishing that is the vision of the kingdom of God. When the balance is wrong, and even more so when we feel threatened, like a ship with a dysfunctional crew heading for the rocks, different groups all strive to grab the wheel so that, as they see it, they may demonstrate that they and only they know the way to avoid disaster.\nThe reality is that none of them do know fully, and disaster is only avoided by unity which relishes and celebrates the diversity of freedom and flourishing within broad limits of order.\nThat is what many of the discussions in the Communion are about. What are the limits of diversity? Who is in control? British colonial history makes the laying down of edicts by white, middle-class Christians from the Global North, citizens of the former colonial power in many places, a process that is rightly deeply resented.\nYet freedom cannot be found without order, and order and freedom are necessary for human flourishing.\nIf we bring to our Church, and to the world around, the certainty that Jesus came to set us free, and to open the way for true human flourishing in service to each other and to Him; if our expectation in that only in foot washing, even of our enemies, is the Truth demonstrated adequately, then in beauty of relationship the grace of God will prevail, as that", "What does the text say about Jean Grey's sister and her emotional journey after Jean's death", "What is the topic being discussed in the post titled 'Save The Scag - It is Now Toast - Literally'", "a daily trendy look easily.\nNo reviews yet!\nPolka Dot Cap Sleeve Bodycon Dress - Black - L$15.62\nRivet Embellished Front Slit Bodycon Dress - Black - M$17.31\nRibbed Tie Side Surplice Dress - Firebrick - L$16.72\nContrast Trim Buttons Midi Fishtail Dress - Cherry Red - XL$17.90\nBack Tie Cut Out Mini Dress - Rose Red - XL$16.43\nSpaghetti Strap Contrast Lace Bodycon Dress - Deep Blue - XL$22.9", "In a 16th century atmosphere, a huge Breughelian buffet composed:\ncold meats, pork products, salads, pea soup, ... served at table on rack trays. & Brussels dishes to choose from (Flemish carbonnade, tomato sauce dumplings, kriek rabbit, poultry or fish waterzooi). Dessert: \"Breughelienne", "ng structure.\n\u201cOther than reducing the performance gap, another objective is to encourage the establishment of competitive private ECCDs. In future, we are hoping for a massive change in the attitude of parents,\u201d the ADEO added.\nDuring the 2015-2016 fiscal year, the office has plans to open another two workplace-based ECCD centers at Kanglung and Rangjung. Three community-based ECCDs at Gazarey, Gongthong and Tsangpo are also in the pipeline.\nIn the case of community-based ECCD centers, a major challenge could be attributed to the fact that most villages are scattered and many are unable to take advantage of the facilities. All of the 13 existing centers are located in clustered villages.\nHowever, change in the mindset of parents is slowly becoming evident. The first workplace-based ECCD has already enrolled about 100 children.\nA parent from Rangjung, Yangku, 32, who has a three-year-old daughter, is all set to enroll her once a center is established at Rangjung Autonomous HSS.\n\u201cWe have been hearing about the center coming up for quite some time and most parents were skeptical if the idea would materialise,\u201d he said. \u201cA lot of parents here are waiting for the center.\u201d\nAccording to a manual released by the education ministry, the demand for ECCD is growing as family and social structures evolve with development and changing times.\n\u201cThe traditional practice of care provided by family members is becoming increasingly difficult as mothers go to work, both in rural and urban areas, and the joint family system becomes increasingly difficult to practice,\u201d the manual states.\nThus, it states, that all children do not receive the care and stimulation that is critical in the early childhood period.\nAfter recognising the prevailing reality and the urgent need for ECCD services, the education ministry undertook the piloting of community-based ECCD centers in 2008 and initiated an expansion of the model since 2009.\nTshering Wangdi, Trashigang", "How much will be debited from my card each month for counselling provided by ChatBus", "What distinguishes the related-industry focus from the umbrella focus in niche selection", "Who is Sophie Andrews and what role does she play in helping isolated seniors in the UK", "The REI River Trail at Scioto Grove Metro Park in Grove City, Ohio is an easy 2 mile one-way trail that leads from the northern section of the park to the southeast corner. Dogs are allowed on this trail.\nCamping: There are three, free backpacking sites located along the REI River Trail. Backpacking opens April 13 and 14 for the 2018 sea", "RailsCasts Pro episodes are now free!\nLearn more or hide this\nGitHub User: sergeyki\nI think you define products as following:\n@products = Product.all\n@products.class #---> Array\nbut when", "What is the online action suggested for making a payment", "What benefits does subscribing to Rivals provide to its members", "w assume that when one \u201cfall on one\u2019s knees\u201d, it is for prayer.\nThis just shows where Aravosis\u2019s heart, and mind is\u2013completely in the gutter.\nAmerica is at a crisis point. It needs good people to start to care and get on their knees and pray for it more than anything else. By likening prayer to oral sex, Aravosis is not just mocking God\u2019s people, but he mocking God. I would not want to be in his shoes on judgment day", "What is the reason the protagonist is in the hospital acting as a doctor", "What is the standpoint of America Blog regarding the Family Research Council\u2019s campaign against legal recognition of gay marriage", "What is the average time spent on the site per visit", "Link richness is the quality, possessed by some websites, of having many hyperlinks. Classified advertising sites like Craigslist tend to be very link-rich, sometimes with hundreds of links on their main page. They help users find the links they are looking for by grouping links into clusters. Inadequate link richness has been described as frustrating to readers, as it reduces transparency of site content from the main page. Students new to wiki collaboration were found to need guidance in how to take full advantage of the medium's potential for creating link-rich content.\nLink-richness in some contexts can be distracting, as when an article is surrounded by extraneous links. Indeed, it is becoming accepted as a best practice for universities to have link-rich home pages that do not rely on user categorisation and exploration of long sequences of links and are not constrained by traditional boundaries between departments. Tools are sometimes needed to make the publishing of link-rich web sites tractable, and many people may lack the technical skills", "What criteria should be considered when evaluating a proposed research project funded by IDIC seed funding", "What type of content is encountered on the TOR relay, according to the text", "What does the text imply about the benefits of experiencing different cultures through language", "What are some notable Spanish travel quotes mentioned in the text", "Too Cool - Page 3\n6. A stellar venue. I stayed in Auburn\u2014the Endurance Capital of the World\u2014the night before and after the race. Steep streets were lined with galleries, boutiques and delicious-smelling restaurants. All that, with palm trees and pine trees, the town reminded me of Leadville, Colorado, and Asheville, North Carolina, all rolled into one.\nOn race day, when I drove the 15-minute commute to Cool, I drooled at the rolling foothills that dropped away into canyons. The moment I parked the car at the race start, I called Jeremy and Gina and exulted, \u201cOh. My. Gosh! Cool is soooo cool!\u201d\n7. A fantastic course. As an early season opener Way Too Cool had the perfect balance of climbs and descents, all mostly along pristine singletrack. Plus, I felt giddy with excite", "What feelings does the character experience as they approach the lone survivor in the hospital", "ollowing criteria:\n- Novelty of the proposed research.\n- Merit of proposed approach.\n- Potential for follow-on extramural support.\n- Extent to which the collaboration is new.\n- Plan to sustain the collaboration beyond the one-year IDIC seed funding", "What should you do if you believe your copyrights are being violated in regard to this game", "g people with no experience of recruitment processes are at a significant disadvantage compared to more experienced candidates. This factsheet will help you put young people on an equal footing with older, more experienced candidates.\nThe apprenticeship system is being radically reformed, but the steps you need to complete to employ an apprentice will remain broadly the same. This guide highlights stages in the process that will be affected by the changes.\nThis toolkit contains best practice guidance for employers on how to make jobs attractive and accessible for all young people\nA scheme that supports companies to partner with schools is providing opportunities to employees and students\n- 1 of 4\n- next \u203a", "ane, Kimball House, No. 246, Iberian Pig, Mac McGee. Truth be told, it\u2019s hard to find a bad drink in Decatur.\nWhat makes Decatur and its drinking culture special", "Mock Neck Bowknot Insert Bodycon dress - Yellow - M\nMock Neck Bowknot Insert Bodycon dress\nElegant, dignified and noticeable, this dress absolutely shows off your figure curvaceous. Featuring a high neckline, three-quarter sleeve, and a large bowknot decorated. And the back of this skinny dress has a concealed zipper and two beaded closure. Go it with your basic sandal and drop earrings for", "What is the goal of supporting ChatBus with a monthly donation", "What issues is the user experiencing with their computer running Windows XP Pro SP3", "What is the advantage of using a smooth edge can opener compared to traditional can openers", "IN A NUTSHELL\nThe power of hotlines transformed Sophie Andrews from a teenager in crisis to a children\u2019s crisis volunteer to an adult who leads a help line service for the UK\u2019s isolated seniors. She shares the importance of human connection as a social determinant of health.\nSophie Andrews is the CEO of The Silver Line, a 24-hour phone line that provides social connectivity for isolated senior citizens in the UK and receives approximately 1,50", "What types of dishes were included in the Breughelian buffet", "y being part of a larger breadcrumb trail. I also found Sonic The Hedgehog fan-games because why not! Thanks for watching!\nLike, Comment and Subscribe for more videos!\nUse code \u201cSOG\u201d to save money at www.gfuel.co"]}