{"q_indices": [67, 78, 28, 50, 103, 40, 5, 17, 86, 33, 36, 56, 62, 18, 53, 34, 52, 15, 123, 21, 24, 124, 98, 45, 64, 76, 113, 111, 126, 122, 79, 90, 48, 75, 70, 112, 74, 22, 27, 7, 104, 82, 121, 10, 1, 46, 120, 29, 89, 115, 100, 54, 84, 68, 105, 30, 32, 60, 4, 101, 72, 55, 9, 3], "a_indices": [95, 2, 106, 85, 96, 97, 31, 109, 39, 93, 26, 73, 35, 77, 83, 44, 6, 47, 99, 107, 11, 41, 108, 66, 37, 87, 13, 81, 51, 117, 8, 125, 16, 91, 61, 14, 116, 23, 38, 49, 59, 119, 57, 92, 63, 69, 43, 25, 0, 20, 80, 42, 118, 94, 71, 58, 19, 102, 12, 110, 88, 114, 65, 127], "texts": ["Clapper is a seal who first debuted in the classic SNES game Donkey Kong Country. He then appeared in Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest, and then in a pirate form in the Nintendo 64 game, Donkey Kong 64. Clapper could either make the water cool enough so the player could swim in it, or unfre", "What significant contribution did Alice Evans make to public health and dairy safety", "nue to surge in the national capital. The public health expert, Dr Suneela Garg has also said that there are 9,000 beds and of them, 500 have been occupied by people who have tested positive for Covid-19.\nRecommended For You\nSelect your Category\nInternet Not Available\nWait for it\u2026\nLog in to our website to save your bookmarks. It'll just take a moment", "What advice is given to ensure the protection of glass or acrylic during the installation of the Sicce Voyager 2 Stream Pump", "Will Alison\u2019s Caf\u00e9 be open for takeout orders", "What agricultural practice do Hoosier Farmers use that involves planting two crops in one year", "ACTIVATION OF SACRED SITE\u2013 Mrukowa, Poland\nby Parvati Rosen-Bizberg\nFor over fourteen years, I have been called to perform cleansings of sites of great turbulence or destruction, where so many souls remained trapped. In cleansing these dark places, these souls can be freed. It is all done on a subtle level. In Europe, we actively did this at all WWII concentration camps in Poland. In U.S., we were involved in many cleansings of Civil War sites in Alabama, Georgia, Virginia, North and South Carolina, and Mississippi. A group of dedicated Agnihotra practitioners joined together and drove from state to state, doing this amazing work. The profound experiences were life-changing for all of us involved.\nMore recently, in the past ten years, I\u2019ve been led to do activations of sacred sites, where the energies are locked in the soil, stones, rocks beneath our feet. From New Mexico, U.S., to Australia and parts of Europe\u2014Poland, Czech, England, Slovakia\u2014we have been activating ancient sites where, in old days, healing humans and nature had been a way of life. In activating these energetic sites, the power is brought back to life. I feel deeply grateful to be a part of this wonderful healing work.\n\u201dActivations of sacred sites requires the human element. Certainly, Devas and Angels can bless, as well as Higher Entities can inhabit the site and breathe Light into the atmosphere, but in order for the process of ascension to come to fruition, the human element is required.\nIn Europe, there are several cave areas where ancient secrets lie buried within the soil. This will not be an expedition to uncover buried treasure but to activate the energies in the area to be ready to receive healing from Divine sources, via fire and via water as well.\nWe are conscious of a shift in awareness on planet Earth. In some areas, there is too little too late, but there is also the element of Grace. It is possible to save this planet. Otherwise, why would there be so much effort placed in doing so?\nThe activation of specific points of Light, as well as sacred places across the globe, creates a vortex of Light which assists the inhabitants of the planet to survive the coming catastrophic events, as predicted in many holy texts, from the Bible to the Koran and the prophecies of Native American Indians as well as the prophecy of Nostradamus and others. Therefore, let us seek solutions on a personal level, so that we are more clear-minded and focused to assist on a local level and on a global level.\u201d\nThe most recent activation site was Mrukowa, in Poland. According to old historical accounts, high in the hills above Mrukowa there was an ancient Pagan site which was where fire rituals were performed. It was considered an energetic site, upon which a Mother Mary chapel was later erected, on the exact site of the ancient Pagan sacred place.\nA large stone is embedded in the wall inside the tiny chapel. According to legend, Mother Mary\u2019s footprints are imprinted on the stone. That is why people worshipped the stone for centuries.\nIn the last century, the old dilapidated wooden chapel that had been there for hundreds of years, was rebuilt with sandstone. The workers threw the sacr", "What experimental compound related to ALS had its clinical trial approved for reopening after safety concerns", "Google\u2019s Family Link, a service first introduced in March to help you control your family\u2019s Android device usage, is out of its invitation-only phase and now open to all in the US. If you have a device ready for your kid to use, this might be something to consider looking into, especially if you want some extra controls over the amount of use your kid gets wit", "What are some attributes and features of the Sicce Voyager 2 Stream Pump based on customer reviews", "What does the text segment mention regarding words to describe foolish individuals", "TALLADEGA, Alabama (CNN) -- The marching band of a small historically black college in Alabama will participate in the 58th Presidential Inaugural Parade, the school's president announced Thursday.\nThe decision follows several days of controversy after the Talladega Marching Tornadoes initially accepted an invitation to perform on January 20, with critics saying the move amounts to support for President-elect Donald Trump. Trump made comments during the presidential campaign that were widely viewed as disparaging to people of color and immigrants.\nTalladega College President Billy C. Hawkins announced the final decision in a statement, noting that the \"lessons students can learn from this experience cannot be taught in a classroom.\"\n\"We respect and appreciate how our students and alumni feel about our participation in this parade,\" said Hawkins. \"As many of those who chose to participate in the parade have said, we feel the inauguration of a new president is not a political event but a civil ceremony celebrating the transfer of power.\"\nSupporters of the trip argued that the experience would benefit the band -- and be a source of pride for the relatively unknown school.\nCritics also have accused Trump of fostering Islamophobia and xenophobia in a divisive, bitter campaign.\n\"I think with Donald Trump being the type person he is, the band shouldn't go,\" Ike Chukwuelue, 25, a Talladega student from Atlanta, said Wednesday.\n\"Marching in that parade would basically be siding with Trump and his ideals and the way he chooses to go about politics.\"\nCollege founded by former slaves\nChukwuelue, speaking on the school's campus, also was worried that marching in the parade could affect the school's enrollment.\n\"What kid are you going to get to come here now after you just marched for Trump in a parade?\" he said.\nThe controversy sparked rival petitions -- one first started by a graduate of the school asking The Great Tornado band to withdraw -- and another by a band member in support of performing.\nTalladega, which was founded in 1867 by former slaves, has 800 students. It is Alabama's oldest private historically black liberal arts college, the sc", "Please see the email below regarding Alison\u2019s Caf\u00e9, part of our community.\nThe cafe will remain OPEN during this time. Our hours are as follows:\nObviously no sit down service. But we are doing to go orders. We have a full cold case of t", "This is an improved version of the Golden Age of Scouting classic marching song, \u201cOn My Honor as a Scout\u201d performed by the Mitchell Boys Choir in the 1954 Hollywood spectacular, \u201cJamboree.\u201dContinue reading \u201cSing-a-long lyrics added to On My Honor as a Scout march\u201d\nA friend\u2019s youngest boy decided to join a traditional troop in our community and the new cubmaster needed ideas for an appropriately traditional graduation ceremony.\nIn my boy scouting library is a 1973 printing of \u201cStaging Pack and Den Ceremonies.\u201d Here is a scan of the chapter on graduations.Continue reading \u201cCub Scout Graduation in the Improved Scouting Program\u201d\nHere\u2019s a beautiful song available again for the first time in decades.\n\u201cOn My Honor as a Scout\u201d(click to see a video published on YouTube) is the Main Title for the Hollywood documentary made of the 1953 Boy Scout Jamboree at Irvine Ranch, California. It was so close to Hollywood they got all the stars and bigshots to attend like Jimmy Stewart, Bob Hope, Jane Powell and President Ike Eisenhower (via film)!\nHere\u2019s the industry\u2019s AFI Film Catalog page.\nAND HERE\u2019S THE SHEET MUSIC FOR PIANO AND VOICE:\nThis is Part 3 of a Series on the subversion of the Scout Oath and Law.\n\u201cA Scout is Loyal\u201d \u2013 a phrase by phrase comparison\n|BSA Scout Law, 1911-1972||BSA Scout Law, 1972 to present|\n|A Scout is Loyal.||2. LOYAL.|\n|A SCOUT is LOYAL. He is loyal to all", "g in to see full story.\nOther Local News\n- Care in the sky: Members of the aeromedical evacuation crew fight to get injured troops back to their familie", "What significant event was performed by Jarek in the chapel during their visit", "The well-meaning, but accident-prone bear from darkest Peru, instantly recognisable by one and all in his dark blue duffle coat and old bush hat, has had a great many adventures since he first arrived in England. But then, as he admitted to Mr and Mrs Brown when they first came across him on Paddington Station, \"Things are always happening to me -- I'm that sort of bear!\"\nNow you can be with Paddington every step of", "What is the phenomenon called when ground freezes and thaws enough to uproot plants before spring thaw", "What policies can vendors include regarding their returns and shipping fees when collaborating with EcoQueen", "scroll to top\nStuck on your essay?\nGet ideas from this essay and see how your work stacks up\nWord Count: 1,984\nThe renaissance was a time of wonderful art though one artist in particular stood out that was Sandro Botticelli This man created some of the most renowned pieces of art in European history one great painting was Allegory of Spring This mythological artwork was an amazing change from the normalcy of past times Botticellis Allegory of Spring painted in 1482 is one of the most remarkable and astounding pieces of renaissance art with the wondrous symbols style story of the piece and also the intriguing history of Botticelli himselfBotticelli is considered one of the greatest artists of the Renaissance one of his finest works was Allegory of Spring Botticelli originally named Alessandro di Mariano Filiapepi was born in Florence Italy in 1445 He was nicknamed Botticelli meaning little barrel this name was originally bestowed upon his older brother but for some reason passed on to and adopted by his little brother 468 He was first an apprentice to a goldsmith though at about age thirteen or fourteen he stopped training and traded to painting He", "eze ice so the player could swim in it. You had to jump on him for it to work.\nClapper appears as one of the aquatic animal buddies in the Wii racing game, Donkey Kong Racing. Clapper is strong, but slow, with high Stamina. Clapper's attack is to spew out lava, which depletes stamina from the victim", "How can Deputy's scheduling software and time clock app assist in managing work for different types of workforces", "What medium does the author prefer to use for making comics", "k around and do quick things to scan into the computer; but I tend to make comics by drawing straight into PhotoShop using a graphics tablet, so that\u2019s my comfort zone. Unfortunately my tablet is a bit impractical to carry about and far to unwieldy to use on public transport!\nHowever, last week I took some photos of some birds, so here\u2019s a quick photo story about Julie, who the other ducks don\u2019t really understand. It is not my best work. I am planning to draw the rest of the noir Naph tribute when I get in tonight/tomorrow and I\u2019ll aim to post a page a day, then make it available as a downloadable PDF at the end of the week. Meanwhile my guest post this week will be an interview with illustrator Gemma Correll, whose drawings of pugs you might have seen around the internet. That will be up on Wednesday", "What events led to the Talladega Marching Tornadoes participating in the 58th Presidential Inaugural Parade", "r families like ours to be able to have a home we can call our own \u2013 and to be able to say that we did 65 percent of the work makes it that much more special.\u201d\nNo matter their varying backgrounds, the families are all able to find the time to work together as a team for the required 35 hours per week per family to build the six homes in their group, Weatherspoon said in an email.\nSelf Help Homes\nSelf-Help Homes is a nonprofit organization created to help eligible families achieve the dream of home ownership.\nGroups of families work as a team to provide the labor to build all the homes within their group \u2013 all the homes must be completed before any family can move in.\nOver several months, each group works under the direction of a construction supervisor and contributes more than 65 percent of the labor on each other\u2019s homes. Each family volunteers at least 35 hours per week framing, roofing, painting, doing finish work and more.\nThe homes are three-bedroom, two-bathroom and are about 1,400 square feet of finished space with a full unfinished basement or a second-floor bonus room.\nMortgages for the homes can range from $210,000 to $230,000 and are administered through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development office.\nPayments are structured to be affordable. The USDA interest rate in January was 3.25 percent. Depending on income and family size, interest rates can be subsidized down to 1 percent.\nThe Mutual Self-Help Housing program has been in operation in Utah and Wasatch counties for 16 years and has helped build nearly 400 homes in Utah.\nTo qualify for the program, applicants must have low debt, good credit, enough income \u2013 at least $33,000 annually \u2013 and be willing to contribute the labor necessary for the project.\nThe applicant must also be income-qualified and earn less than 80 percent of the area median income for Washington County. For example, a family of four must earn less than $51,300 per year.\nAnyone interested in receiving more information about the housing program can call Self-Help Homes at 801-375-2205 Ext. 111 and ask for Halie. Information can also be found on the Self-Help Homes website.\nCopyright St. George News, SaintGeorgeUtah.com LLC, 2017, all rights reserved", "Posts from \u2014 January 2008\nI\u2019m having some technical difficulties with photo uploading so in the meantime here is another excerpt from my grade school diary. This one was quite a treat since I probably just watched Back to the Future 2 [my favorite of the series] and was looking forward to the technological advances of the next decade.\nFYI I am still a fan of Lisa Frank stationery. Also please note my valediction. I hope I was just being sarcastic with my diary.\nJanuary 30, 2008 6 Comments\nOne of my best friend Reyna and my favorite games to play is called \u201cIn Our Comic Book World\u201d which is much like the game of \u201cWhat If?\u201d but with us saying \u201cImagine if _______ happened\u2026.well in our Comic Book World it would.\u201d Of course it\u2019s always some ridiculous cartoon-plot fantasy and one day when I learn how to draw I will make a comic book featuring of all of our dreams.\nIn the meantime, I like it when I see weird coincidences like this that make me think we might not really be far from a comic book world after all:\nJanuary 25, 2008 4 Comments\nHeath Ledger is dead. I am quite saddened by this. I don\u2019t know about you, but I can still watch Ten Things I Hate About You about fifteen times or so. Okay, I am alone on that one. Well, now they better never remake one of the best movies in the world.. The Warriors.\nA long time ago when I first heard the news that MTV was remaking The Warriors I got angry, then I jumped on my casting couch and hired actors, in my mind. I didn\u2019t even have to think hard about Swan, the lead character. Heath Ledger appeared before my eyes\u2026\nDo you see it? I can\u2019t see anyone else in that role! And now, according to Wiki, the remake will supposedly be played by \u201creal gang members to create a modern version of the story set in Los Angeles.\u201d HOLY CHOLY! I wonder if the Warriors will try to make it back to Santa Monica instead of Coney Island. Hmm\u2026that doesn\u2019t work for me. Anyway, if that\u2019s the case, I guess they probably won\u2019t be casting my dream actress for the role of sassy Mercy\u2026\nI am SICK of remakes. Gawd. The Birds?! Don\u2019t even get me started.\nRIP Heath candy bar.\nJanuary 22, 2008 2 Comments\nWhen I first saw the Flickr photostream of Baltimore-based graphic designer and photographer Jim Lucio, aka Defekto [center above], I thought I was looking at an underground John Waters film. His Polaroid captures of wonderful eccentric characters naturally struck a chord in my lil\u2019 heart. I always appreciate a good chronicling of a three-ring circus and Defekto\u2019s pictures never fail. Let us have a gander at what makes this man tick!\n+ How old were you when you first were interested in photography?\nI was probably about 16 when I first started having fun with photography. I remember dressing up my little sisters a couple of times, but my mom kind of got pissed when I wanted them to hold knives.\n+ How did you learn? Did you go to school or were you self taught?\nI would say I\u2019m basically self-taught, though when I was 17 I took a basic intro to photography class and later I took some filmmaking and editing classes\u2013that was in San Francisco. Much later I took a refresher semester at the International Center of Photography in NYC. I\u2019m still learning\u2013and honestly, I haven\u2019t really learned much over the years! Maybe I don\u2019t like perfection because that means I have to work harder. Perfection doesn\u2019t stimulate me. Any decent photo student can have perfect lighting and composition, but I think I have just turned imperfection into part of my style. And individual style is much more important to me.\n+ Who and what are your main influences for your work as far as people, film, music, books etc?\nI have so many influences. I love pop trash culture. Bad movies, lurid paperbacks, exploitation movie art, weird toys\u2026etc. I don\u2019t know that music has influenced my photographic work, though a band will sometimes form or come through town that is exceptionally visual and that is inspiration enough to want to shoot them. I am an avowed true crime junkie and I love the old detective and crime magazines\u2013they were just so filthy and raw. I especially like posed photos of busted hookers or junkies with their eyes blocked out. Somehow that bar across their eyes always just seemed so much more exploitive.\n+ Are there any photographers that inspire you?\nWhen I was a kid, I saw a photo of a child wearing a rubber Frankenstein mask and that was the first time I bothered to find out who took the photograph. I thought, \u201cThat\u2019s something I would do.\u201d It was Ralph Eugene Meatyard. Cindy Sherman\u2019s \u201cFilm Stills\u201d probably influenced me in some way and I love Diane Arbus and Joel-Peter Witkin. I love their subject matter, in the same way that I actually really like Terry Richardson\u2019s work. I don\u2019t know how many times I\u2019ve had people email me or comment on a photo on Flickr and ask if he\u2019s influenced me or saying something I shot is \u201cvery Terry Richardson\u201d. I actually never even knew who he was until people started suggesting that I was doing what he does.\n+ If you could do a shoot with any historical person from the past, who would it be and what kind of scenario would you like to put them in?\nHmmm\u2026that\u2019s a hard one. For some reason Josephine Baker comes to mind. She was beautiful and had the best props\u2026banana skirts and live ocelots. I would love to have taken photos of Colonel Sanders! He could have roosted in a hen house surrounded by big big plump chickens.\n+ Is there anyone you would like to work with nowadays?\nYes. Photo editors at major magazines, celebrities, starlets, wannabes, visual weirdos, exhibitionists\u2026 and in my book, the unknown, regular Joe\u2019s are just as interesting and captivating as any celebrity, so I will always want to just work with the people who happen to be around me.\n+ What cameras are your favorite to shoot with?\nI have been using a Polaroid Spectra for over 20 years. In the past two years alone I think I\u2019ve gone through 5 or 6 of them. I recently got a medium format Speed Graphic\u2026the same camera that Weegee used. I got a Polaroid back for it and will eventually use it, but I\u2019m dragging my feet because I\u2019m probably afraid the photos will turn out bad because I hate learning how to use new equipment.\n+ Most memorable shoots? Funny things that happened? I\u2019m sure there have been TONS.\nMost of what I do is just so off the cuff and quick that it never feels like a \u201cshoot\u201d. I just sit someone still for a minute or two and snap. I do have a lot of friends in bands and they frequently ask for photos\u2026and those are usually not paid and not particularly fun either. It feels more like work and less like art to me. I did meet The Goddess Bunny several years ago in LA and I was very excited to photograph her. I had her dressed in a Rainbow Brite nightgown and bonnet. But the photos turned out like crap, so that wasn\u2019t very funny. And I didn\u2019t even have my Polaroid camera with me.\n+ Was there a time in your life that you wish you could have captured on film but didn\u2019t? If so, what was it?\n60s NYC would have been fun. When I was a teenager I was fascinated with Andy Warhol and the whole Factory crowd. They all looked so good and were all incredibly fashionable\u2026.oh, but that was before my time. In \u201cmy life\u201d\u2026. well, I lived in NYC from 1993-2002 and I regret not having picked up my camera much. I saw so many wild and crazy things and crossed paths with enough celebrities and interesting people that my portfolio would look a lot different now if I\u2019d been carrying my Polaroid with me wherever I went.\n+ If you weren\u2019t doing photography or graphic design, what would you want to be doing?\nI\u2019m basically a frustrated filmmaker. I used to work on an animated show at Nickelodeon and still think that one day I\u2019ll have my own show. Or just make porn that turns people off instead of on\u2026I have some good ideas.\n+ What\u2019s next in the world of Defekto?\nI have a couple of shows later this year that I\u2019m excited about. One is a collaborative show with Chase Lisbon of Supercult fame and the other is", "What notable developments in neuroscience are being discussed at the annual American Academy of Neurology meeting", "What should the individual do with the vacuum lines currently running to their D30 when installing a D44 or D60 axle with manual hubs", "What requirements must applicants meet to qualify for the Mutual Self-Help Housing program", "What is the significance of the film's dark visual style in portraying the hardships faced by the characters in Frozen River", "Photo: Douglas Evans\nThe sub zero temperatures could have been a crop killer for Hoosier Farmers who practice \u201cdouble cropping.\u201d\nDouble cropping means farmers plant two crops in one year, and a popular staple for Hoosier double cropping is winter wheat.\nBut Purdue Assistant Professor of Agronomy Shaun Casteel says farmers may have gotten lucky.\n\u201cThe extremely cold temperatures, single digits dow", "What is the significance of Sandro Botticelli's painting Allegory of Spring in the context of Renaissance art", "What is the title of the 47th entry in the series featuring Eve and Roarke, and when was it released", "What type of map is available from the National Biodiversity Network for species distribution, and what are the accessing differences between the two types of maps", "FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS\nFill in our form to help us understand more about your brand and product\nOur team will be in touch to understand more about the products and information information on ingredients and process of manufacturing is established.\nEcoQueen has the right to accept or reject your products if it does not meet the requirement\nIt is absolutely FREE as it\u2019s part of our introductory offer and this covers registration, commission or listing. To sustain our business, we would need to start charging in the near future but be assured that you will get plenty of notice from us on this.\nSellers will manage the delivery of the items.\nAll items must be packed according to EcoQueen\u2019s requirement :\n- We encourage less waste in your packaging and we promote no plastic usage. If needed, then please look at alternatives such as compostable bag", "What game do the author and their friend Reyna enjoy playing together", "If you are having trouble placing your order, you may want to use a different device or browser, as that usually resolves the issue immediately. Please also keep in mind that we are unable to accept orders by phone.\nIf you are unsure whether your order went through, please check the email you used for the purchase. Once an order is completed, you will receive an email confirmation and will be directed to an order confirmation page with a sales order number for reference. If you did not receive your email confirmation (and have checked your junk/spam folder), or did not see an order confirmation page, that means you either misspelled your email address, or your order did not go through and you will want to place your order again.\nIf you think your o", "Top researchers are discussing notable developments in neuroscience, including research in many neuromuscular diseases, at the annual American Academy of Neurology meeting April 21-28\nTop scientists and clinicians from around the world are discussing the latest research in neuroscience, and the care of individuals with nerve and muscle diseases, at the 2012 annual meeting of the American Academy of Neurology in New Orleans, April 21-28.\nThe pace of research can seem unreasonably slow; here are a few reasons why\nJohn Porter from the National Institutes of Health likes to start talks by noting, \u201cIt\u2019s a great time to be a mouse with a neuromuscular disease.\u201d Exciting research results are regularly reported, where a treatment appears to cure one neuromuscular disease or another in a mouse \u2014 yet there are few treatments available today for people with any of these diseases, and only a few treatments in human...\nThe biggest problem at an ER may not be the one you go in with, but the one you encounter there\nWhen a medical emergency strikes \u2014 and the patient is a person with a neuromuscular disease \u2014 it\u2019s not just getting to the emergency room quickly that\u2019s critical. It\u2019s also critical to ensure the ER staff understands the patient\u2019s special needs caused by muscle disease.\nScientists know more about familial ALS (FALS) than sporadic ALS; FALS research may have application for both forms of the disease, however.\nThe state of research in the familial (inherited) form of ALS was the focus of a special one-h", "J.D. Robb is the author of the #1 New York Times bestselling In Death series and the pseudonym for #1 New York Times bestselling author Nora Roberts. The futuristic suspense series stars Eve Dallas, a New York", "What dates are mentioned in the text segment", "hool said.\n\"We have a reputation of fighting for freedom and equal rights and justice and he doesn't stand for any of that,\" said Shirley Ferrill.\nFerrill, a 1974 graduate from the school, started the petition calling for the band to withdraw.\nShe said she was most offended by Trump's November 2015 rally in Birmingham, in which a Black Lives Matter protester was beaten, punched and kicked by white men in the crowd.\nHawkins said the school's administration did not rush to accept the invitation because it wanted to \"hear and consider the thoughts and feelings of the Talladega College community.\"\nHe also noted that while the event is considered a \"once-in-a-lifetime experience for the students,\" the school must now raise more than $60,000 to cover the expense of the trip to Washington.\nInaugural claims record number of applicants\nThe school learned that it had been tapped to perform in a December 21 letter addressed to the band from inaugural parade organizers. The letter congratulated the band on being chosen.\n\"We had a record number of applicants, so our selection is a testament to your organization's talent and enthusiasm,\" the letter said.\nEight days later, the school's band director faxed the required information to organizers. The next day, Trump's inaugural committee listed the Talladega band on an initial lineup of performers.\nTalladega resident Donald Morgan, a retired teacher who has four Talladega College graduates in his family, said the band would be playing for the office of the presidency -- not specifically for Trump -- and \"for the country and for humanity.\"\nQuoting first lady Michelle Obama, Morgan, 62, said: \"When they go low, we should go high. We're going to respect him whether we like him or not because he is the President of the United States.\"\nMorgan said Talladega College had long provided opportunities for African Americans to get higher education after schools such as the University of Alabama refused to admit black students. \"Now we can go anywhere ... even to Washington to perform for the President of the United States,\" he said.\n\u2122 & \u00a9 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved", "roud of him. He said, that when we were setting goals for the course, he decided that this was a goal that he should pursue as well.\nKeep in mind, I am not teaching people how to set goals on how to quit bad habits. However, when training is done well, people will see a connection between what is being taught and how they can apply it to other areas of their life. And that is what he did.\nMaybe he was already thinking about quitting anyway. Maybe he was fed up with the costs financially and health wise, from this bad habit. Regardless of what it was that compelled him to quit doing it. He made it happen.\nWhat is even more profound is that after a few weeks of him quitting. He noticed that several people on his team quit doing it as well. And he has a very large team of a hundred people or so, on an off shift.\nThink about this for a minute. If you are around hundreds of people, for fifty and sixty hours a week in a high stress environment. Do you think after years of doing this, that the team, and the people part of the team, will have similar habits? Absolutely. We are all products of our environment. My mentor told me that I will become the average of the five people I spend the most time with.\nWhen this leader made the decision to quit chewing tobacco, his team noticed it. A leader is being watched at all times. You set the stage. If you are a mess, your team will be a mess. If you are an ass, the chances are your team will have those tendencies as well. When he decided to quit chewing tobacco, those on his team that chewed, said that they can quit as well.\nThis is a great example of why leadership is not for everyone. As a leader you have a big responsibility. I make the connection with parenting. More is caught, than taught. Subordinates are watching what you do and how you do it. Kids are watching their parents and what they do. What do you want them to see?\nTo your success and your future.", "ST. GEORGE \u2013 Self-Help Homes is looking for more families to participate in a sweat-equity homeownership program.\nParticipants who qualify can get a low-interest home loan and groups of families work together as a team to provide sweat equity to build all the homes within the group.\nSix families are already building on lots in Toquerville and LaVerkin and five more families are needed.\n\u201cThey\u2019ll be able to put in their sweat equity, they\u2019ll learn their skills (of) how to build,\u201d Brad Bishop, executive director of Self-Help Homes, said.\n\u201cThey\u2019ll get a nice three-bedroom, two-bath home with either a basement or an attic.\u201d\n\u201cIt\u2019s just a great opportunity for them to get into a home, with the high costs of homes today,\u201d Bishop said.\nThe six families already enrolled in the program and building houses are a diverse group, Self-Help Homes spokeswoman Karen Weatherspoon said. Among them are a teacher, manufacturing workers, a caseworker, a cashier, fitness instructors and a registered nurse.\nOne of the families, that of Mark and Danielle Clyde, has seven children in their blended family and struggled to find a home big enough for everyone.\nThey began looking for a home in 2014 and had gotten discouraged, but an article in St. George News prompted them to apply for the program, Danielle Clyde said in a statement.\n\u201cI was so excited and immediately called Mark at work to tell him what I had found. Mark and I knew about the program because we have several friends who have built with Color Country and Five Counties (Five County Association of Governments) but knew they were no longer doing the program and did not know who to contact. This was an answer to a prayer,\u201d Danielle Clyde said.\nThe family started on the first home in their group in October 2016 and hope to finish by June, she said. There are six families in their building group, and they have enjoyed getting to know each one.\n\u201cWe each come from very different backgrounds and each have different stories to tell, but in the end we all have one common goal and that is to work together as a team to help each other achieve our dream of building and owning a home,\u201d Danielle Clyde said.\n\u201cWe are so grateful for a program like this that makes it possible fo", "ped segments.\nKey Identification Features:\nDistribution Map from NBN: Grid map (fast) : Interactive map (slower, requires login to view records) : National Biodiversity Network mapping facility, data for UK.\n|Picton, B.E. & Morrow, C.C. (2016). Flustra foliacea (Linnaeus, 1758). [In] Encyclopedia of Marine Life of Britain and Ireland. |\nhttp://www.habitas.org.uk/marinelife/species.asp?item=Y6940 Accessed on 2016-10-25\n|Copyright \u00a9 National Museums of Northern Ireland, 2002-2015|", "What are some features of the dresses mentioned in the sewing pattern", "What significant milestone was achieved by Evans as the first woman in 1927, and what illness confounded her during that time", "ed stone into the nearby river, because it didn\u2019t fit into the new structure and they didn\u2019t realize its value. Every morning when the workers returned to work on the new chapel, the same large sacred stone was back in its original place! Impossible! The small river was about 200 metres away! Finally, they were instructed to embed it into the interior wall of the new chapel, where it remains to this day. When we went there, I felt the sacred stone and it had a powerful energy, though I cannot say why.\nEarly in the morning of October 18, 2017, Jarek, Asia and I embarked on the several hour journey by car. When we arrived, we hiked up the mountainous path through a thick, magnificent forest. After 1\u00bd hours hiking up what we later discovered was the rougher route, we reached our goal. The chapel, simple, made of stone, sits in a quiet spot surrounded by trees, a river flowing nearby. It was a magical place, untouched.\nWe entered the chapel, which is quite small, housing a lovely crowned statue of Mother Mary surrounded by an array of candles and flower bouquets. Along the sides of the altar were two wooden plaques covered in rosaries, hung there by pilgrims who had made the journey to worship her.\nI could feel the rhythms of the ancients in the land, and the power of the many prayers that lingered in the air. I felt an overwhelming feeling of purity and love in that chapel. At the exact spot directed to, Jarek performed a Vyarhuti Homa healing fire. It was a powerful feeling reinstating the ancient healing energies once again.\nWhat follows are some messages received at the site.\nOctober 18, 2017 Mrukowa Chapel in forest\n\u201cYes, yes. Indeed, this is one of the ancient sites of Fire which was said to cleanse the Earth, enrich the soil, and carry nutrients through all the elements\u2014earth, air, fire, water, ether.\nThese ancient sacred fire rituals were performed in this exact place. As told in previous guidance, the stone upon which these fires were performed is buried at the base of this chapel, on the southern or southeastern side\u2014not exactly in the middle. None of this knowledge remains accessible to this day. Now you have it!\u201d\nI felt the air in the chapel rich with prayers uttered in silence and aloud by many pilgrims over the years. They hang in the air like delicate lacy flowers, blossoms that drop to the ground silently as the prayers are fulfilled. Bells rang in my ears, high-pitched tones that I imagine the voices of angels sound like.\nI pray too that I can be an instrument of healing, prayer, comfort and love for all I encounter in life. Amen.\n\u201cYes, yes. Awakening the healing energies submerged beneath, years and years hidden from sight\u2014will create a linking system between various ancient sites now being tapped to awaken. These sites all take their places on the grid and will become activated once the time is ready\u2014like a switch going on to light up the grid.\nPreparing these ancient sacred places, particularly of the elements, FIRE and WATER, is essential now. Light will spread its blanket of Love over the darkness that threatens all today.\nThis is preparation. Continue this blessed work.\nWe are in your service, dear ones\nWe are, Orion.\u201d", "What distinctive clothing is Paddington Bear known for", "our Webinar presented by the ALS Therapy Development Institute (ALS TDI) on March 25, with reports by CEO & Chief Scientific Officer Steve Perrin.\nAfter a two-year review, the FDA approves reopening a clinical trial of the experimental compound arimoclomol.\nA clinical trial of an experimental drug for ALS -- halted almost two years ago due to safety concerns \u2013- has been given the green light to continue with a revised protocol, says CytRx Corp. of Los Angeles, the drug\u2019s manufacturer.\nThe U.S. Food and Drug Administration placed a hold on the phase 2b trial of arimoclomol in January 2008, saying it wanted to see more toxicity data from previously...\nA new type of ALS research mouse, with a mutation in the TDP43 gene, has been developed\nMice carrying a mutation in the gene for the TDP43 protein that's known to cause amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) in humans have been developed by MDA-supported scientists at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis. The mice may provide an important new research tool in this deadly disease.\nEliminating a protein enhanced cellular cleanup, saved nerve cells and prolonged survival in female ALS mice\nNew research supports strategies that augment a natural process in the nervous system called autophagy \u2013 a cellular cleanup and garbage-disposal system \u2014 as a possible therapeutic avenue in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).\nAutophagy (literally \"self-eating\") is activated when large amounts of debris and abnormal cellular components require destruction.", "What are some concerns and suggestions related to performing a 1 ton axle swap for a daily driver", "Third Harmonic Bio is joining the public markets with a $183.3 million IPO that\u2019s a stark outlier in the context of the near absence of new stock offerings in 2022. Record inflation, rising interest rates, and recessionary fears have chilled public financing activity in the year to date.\nNot only has Third Harmonic pulled off a stock sale, but it was also able to boost the deal size. Wednesday evening, the biotech offered 10.9 million shares priced at $17 each, which was the midpoint of its targeted price range. When the company set financial terms for the IPO last week, it aimed to sell 9 million shares. Third Harmonic shares are slated to begin trading Thursday on the Nasdaq under the stock symbol \u201cTHRD.\u201d\nCambridge, Massachusetts-based Third Harmonic is an inflammation and allergy biotech whose main asset, licensed from Novartis, has potential applications in several conditions. The small molecule, THB001, is designed to block KIT, a receptor that regulates mast cells, a type of immune cell. Mast cells play a role in many inflammatory conditions and blocking it has shown efficacy in some disorders, such as asthma. With the ability to selectively block KIT compared to other small molecule drugs, THB001 could avoid off target effects, the company said in its IPO filing.\nSo far, Third Harmonic has generated encouraging early Phase 1 data for its small molecule. Its lead disease target is chronic urticaria, an inflammatory skin disorder that leads to hives. Third Harmonic\u2019s effort to block KIT trails a drug from Celldex Therapeutics. The Celldex drug, barzolvolimab, is in early clinical development for urticaria and other inflammatory disorders. But as an antibody, the Celldex drug is given as an intravenous infusion. The formulation of Third Harmonic\u2019s drug as a more convenient oral pill should give it a dosing edge.\nWith the IPO cash, Third Harmonic plans to press ahead with multiple clinical trials testing its drug candidate. Between $80 and $90 million is earmarked for continuing clinical development of THB001 in urticaria by completing a Phase 1b study and starting a Phase 2", "What is the significance of the site in Mrukowa, Poland and its connection to both pagan rituals and Mother Mary", "What type of habitat does Flustridae, or sea mats, typically inhabit", "What example demonstrates the influence of a leader's actions on their team's habits", "How can you access and manage an activity account using the command line", "Who is the first guest interviewed in the 'Dear Menz' column", "Which Joe gave his name to \u2018sloppy joes\u2019? We look at five interesting sandwiches and their lexical origins.\n(c. 255\u2013330 ad), Roman empress and mother of Constantine the Great. In 326 she visited the Holy Land and founded basilicas on the Mount of Olives and at Bethlehem. She is credited with the finding of the cross on which Christ was crucified. Feast day (in the Eastern Church) 21 May; (in t", "vy discussion point that is not usually found in films. Hollywood often ignores societal issues or the topic discussed \u201cmust always be [a topic] that can be resolved within the existing system, i.e. patriarchical capitalism; the real problems, which can\u2019t, can only be dramatized obliquely, and very likely unconsciously, within the entertainment movie\u201d (Wood 339). The topics found in Frozen River do not have a solution. The film simply shows the process and outcome of a woman becoming involved in a smuggling scheme. Some of the reasons it is so surprising that the film was nominated for Academy Awards were the unknown female writer and director, the low budget, and (in my opinion) the topic. Society has a very difficult time watching issues that are not wrapped in a pretty package at the end of 90 minutes.\nThe style of the film, Cin\u00e9ma v\u00e9rit\u00e9, leaves the viewer feeling close with the characters. It is very easy to be sympathetic towards the women who are doing illegal activities because they have so many identifiable and relatable traits. Overall, Frozen River is a very dark movie both topically and visually. These two darknesses meet during the film because many of the scenes are very dark and the viewer struggles to hear the audio. As a viewer, I felt as if some aspects of the movie are kept from me because of how dark some of the scenes appeared. The darkness allows the viewer to really be involved in the topic of the film. Without the overly dark scenes, the hardships the mothers face would not have been successfully portrayed. The darker moments in the movie truly represent the inner turmoil that the mothers face throughout the movie. The film creates a lot of strain for the viewers, leaving them feeling just as trapped as the characters.\nSeptember 28, 201", "3d pc fighting game download - Lodish 6e ebook free download\nDuke Nukem 3D is a classic first- person shooter that has many ports available for free find out all the information on how to download play. It is an awesome Adventure Indie Simulation game. Wrestling Revolution 3D Game full version game, for PC, download for pc full pc game Before downloading make sure that your PC. Games 2 Download is one of the Internet' s top destinations for safe and virus- free game downloads. Fighting Games for Windows. Enjoy the latest Free 3D Fighting Games Online like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Arcade Attack and more such type. 1: The 2D fighting game classic returns in this free version much more programs. 3d pc fighting game download. Download 3d fighting games - Mortal Kombat Project Beta 4.\n3D Driving School PC Game File Size: 142: MB System Requirement CPU: 1. At our site you can find any new Android Fighting game. Download apk files fast and easy. Fighting Games have 57 plus collections online to play free. It is the ninth major installment and a reboot in the series of Mortal Kombat.\nIt is very addictive game. Fighting Games Free Download and play for free. 4GHZ RAM: 256MB VGA Card: 32MB OS: Window Xp Vista Download Rise Of Nations Game Street Fighter The Movie Game Related Post NASCAR Heat 2 Game Euro Rally Championship Game Volkswagen GTI Racing Game London Racer 2 Game. Com provides more than 50 different game categories: free Fighting. Download Fighting Game Steel Avengers for PC. Mortal Kombat 9 PC Game Free Download Game Information: Mortal Kombat full game is 3D graphics fighting game. Best Android Fighting games free download.\nPolizei is a Simulation and Open World game for PC published by Quadriga Games in. Free Download For PC Windows. ; After installation go to the folder where you install The game. Iron Harvest Game pc download; Reign Of Kings Full PC Game Download; Grow Up version complete free game cracked download. 3d games shooting games, mini games fighting. PC Game Free Download Full Version. We have partnerships with a myriad of PC game developers, so here you can download a variety of fun computer games not available on other sites! Our Picks for the 10 Best iPhone Apps of Veruca Salt' s Top 8 Apps Best Star Wa", "What painters and influences shaped Botticelli's early works and style", "Health Department gets grant to pay for creation of lead poison prevention program\nBy Phyllis Moore\nPublished in News on July 21, 2005 1:45 PM\nPlease lo", "What factors determine whether EcoQueen accepts or rejects products from sellers", "Alice Evans (1881-1975) was a pioneering scientist who established that humans contract the once-common, painful disease brucellosis from raw cow and goat milk. She lobbied successfully for the pasteurization of all milk and lived to see the disease fall into obscurity.\nFor years, her findings were scorned and ignored because of her gender and because she did not have a doctorate degree. Evans contracted brucellosis while doing research, and suffered from the disease for 30 years. Brucellosis, a recurrent disease also known as Malta or undulant fever, causes shooting pain in the joints, fever, and depression.\nAlice Evans was born January 29, 1881, to William Howell and Anne B. Evans in rural Neath, a northern Pennsylvania town to which her grandparents had immigrated from Wales in 1831. She attended local elementary schools with her brother, Morgan, and graduated in a class of seven from the Susquehanna Collegiate Institute of Towanda, Pennsylvania, in 1901.\nLacking the money for college tuition, Evans reluctantly took a job teaching grade school, which was one of the few career options available to women at the time. She taught for four years until her brother told her about a free two-year nature study course for teachers at Cornell University's College of Agriculture. She attended the course, then stayed on to complete a Bachelor of Science degree in agriculture. Evans chose the relatively new field of bacteriology-the study of one-celled microorganisms-as her area of major emphasis. She was aided by a scholarship and by a tuition waiver underscoring the college's commitment to training leaders for the nation's agricultural industry.\nEncouraged by her professor of dairy bacteriology at Cornell, Evans received a scholarship in bacteriology at the University of Wisconsin. This scholarship had never before been awarded to a woman. One of Evans' professors at the University of Wisconsin was Elmer V. McCollum, who later became famous for discovering Vitamin A. In 1910, Evans was awarded a Master of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin.\nHer professors urged her to continue on for a doctoral degree, and Evans later continued her studies at George Washington University and the University of Chicago. However, she never completed her Ph.D., although she was awarded honorary degrees from the University of Wisconsin, the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania, and Wilson College. Eventually she became so respected in her field that most of her colleagues called her \"doctor,\" even without the degree. In 1928, she was elected the first woman president of the Society of American Bacteriologists.\nDiscovered Life's Work\nBy a stroke of luck, Evans was hired by Professor E.G. Hastings of the University of Wisconsin to work as a bacteriologist on a team developing an improved flavor for cheddar cheese, one of Wisconsin's primary industries. Technically the position was a Federal civil service post, working for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Dairy Division of the Bureau of Animal Industry. Because space was limited while the bureau's main offices were being built in Washington, D. C., research was temporarily being carried out at several agricultural experiment stations at state universities. The USDA payed the salaries of the investigators and the state provided laboratory space and support.\nAfter three years, Evans moved to Washington D.C. to work in the dairy division of the USDA's Bureau of Animal Industry (BAI). She found herself to be the only woman scientist employed in that particular department. Evans quickly gathered that the Washington staff was shocked that a state experiment station had hired a woman. Evans accidentally became the first woman scientist to hold a permanent appointment there. She would later recall in her memoirs, cited in John Parascandola's article in Public Health Reports, that \"according to hearsay, when the bad news broke at a meeting of BAI officials that a woman scientist was coming to join their staff, they were filled with consternation. In the words of a stenographer who was present, they almost fell off their chairs.\"\nEvans joined a team of scientists studying the sources from which bacteria entered dairy products. In addition, she took on the project that would become her life's work, studying the bacteria present in fresh cow's milk. She quickly identified a similarity between two bacteria: the organism that causes spontaneous abortion in cows (Bang's disease), and the organism that causes brucellosis in goats. Her discovery proved that humans could get sick from milk contaminated by bacteria living in cows. She announced her discovery in 1917 at the Society of American Bacteriologists. Her results were published in the Journal of Infectious Diseases the following year. The author of Evans' obituary in the Washington Post called the discovery \"one of the most outstanding in the field of medical science in the first quarter of this century,\" but it was years before her findings were accepted by the scientific establishment and action taken. Paul De Kruif summed up the attitude of Evans' colleagues in his book Men Against Death, published in 1932. \"If Evans were right,\" he imagined the scientists of the day as reasoning, \"somebody much more outstanding than Eva", "What should you do if you are having trouble placing an order", "- Home /\n- Sicce Voyager 2 Stream Pump (800 GPH)\nRegular Price: $41.99\nSpecial Price: $37.79\nRegular Price: $62.99\nSpecial Price: $56.69\n80 Reward Points\nRegular Price: $88.99\nSpecial Price: $80.09\nRegular Price: $146.99\nSpecial Price: $132.29\nQuality Pump By Eric on 1/1/14Eric would recommend this product to a friendVery well made, silent, and strong magnets. Be careful when installing not to bust the glass. I like to put the outside magnet against the glass first so it doesn't get pulled from your hand and slap the glass, I was lucky.\nHigh Quality By Stefan on 7/25/13Stefan would recommend this product to a friendI just purchased two of these pumps and they appear to be a very high quality. I like the flow adjustment option too.\nPreviously I owned 3 koralia pumps which all broke within a year. First the pump stops and then the plastic breaks when you try and remove the cover for cleaning. All pumps eventually started pumping backwards.\nBuy the Sicces and save yourself from a headache and wallet drain.\nPowerful, Silent Pump By Greg on 6/29/13Greg would recommend this product to a friendI purchased 4 of these to replace my Koralias which didn\u2019t even last a year until they started to break. I use these pumps to increase circulation in one of my reef aquariums. They are very quiet and provide more than enough flow which can be easily adjusted to meet your needs. I was so happy with them I purchased 4 more of Voyager 3 pumps to attach to a wave maker in one of my other tanks.\nSo quiet, so powerful By Merne on 5/21/13Merne would recommend this product to a friendThis is an awesome powerhead. My old Koralias have all broken (within 2 years of use), and I decided to make a switch to a different brand. I bought this for my ~35g frag tank and I love it. It's super quiet and way too powerful. I will always buy Sicce brand whenever I have the option now. The only complaint is about the magnets--there is no good way", "ave short sleeves with elastic casings\nC has flower appliques and sash with self-fabric or contrast fabric combination\nDresses A,D petticoat ruffle is exposed at hem\nPre-owned, unused, uncut sewing pattern\nThank you for browsing thru my store!\nHave a very nice evening", "What has been observed in hospitalisation rates in Delhi according to a public health expert", "What is Natasha's role at Woonsocket High School and what is she aiming to achieve", "ns would have run onto it long before. Such,\" De Kruif stated, \"is the silliness of scientists.\"\nAs Evans herself pointed out in an early paper cited in ASM News, \"Considering the close relationship between the two organisms, and the reported frequency of virulent strains of Bacterium abortus in cow's milk, it would seem remarkable that we do not have a disease closely resembling Malta fever in this country.\" Doctors eventually found brucellosis to be far more prevalent in the U.S. than they had realized. Mild forms of the disease had been misdiag-nosed as influenza, while severe cases were confused with a number of diseases, including tuberculosis, typhoid fever, and malaria. Like many patients, Evans' own chronic case of brucellosis went undetected for months. She identified it entirely by accident, while comparing her own blood against that of a sick assistant.\nIronically, some of Evans' most vehement opposition came from bacteriologist Theobald Smith, who had been one of the first scientists to discover the bacteria in milk and warn about its possible health implications. Battling criticism from detractors in the scientific community, plus facing the resistance of a dairy industry that did not take kindly to the implication that their milk supply was dangerous or even deadly, Evans began to doubt her own facts. She largely abandoned her research for four years.\nResearch Focus Shifted by War\nDuring World War I, Evans took a job as a bacteriologist at the Hygienic Laboratory, which later became the National Institutes of Health. Wanting to be helpful in the war effort, she worked on improving the drug used to treat epidemic meningitis, a disease that was rampant in the military. Meningitis causes the tissues around the brain and spinal column to become swollen, and kills more than half of the people who contract it. Unfortunately, Evans wound up becoming ill herself, and so was incapacitated for much of the war.\nEvans' theories about brucellosis and raw cow's milk were starting to become accepted internationally. Microbiologists from Holland, Austria, Italy, Germany, and Tunisia confirmed her findings. Evans expanded her research to include studying the blood of people ill with brucellosis. Helping Evans' case in the U.S. were Dr. Walter Simpson of Dayton, Ohio, who traced 70 cases of undulant fever to raw cow's milk, and Dr. Charles M. Carpenter, who identified dozens of cases in Ithaca, New York. Evans wrote a paper defending her work, which was presented at the World Dairy Congress in 1923. Ironically, she was too sick with undulant fever to attend the conference herself. Finally, Evans' assertions were accepted and pasteurization\u2014heat treating milk to kill potential disease-harboring bacteria\u2014became standard practice in the American dairy industry. Undulant fever lost its dangerous grip on milk drinkers.\nEvans went from being ridiculed to being honored. In 1927, while suffering in the hospital from undulant fever, Evans learned she been had elected president of the American Bacteriologists Society. She was the first woman awarded that honor. Later, she served on the committee on infectious abortion of the National Research Council, and was a delegate to the International Microbiology Congresses in Paris and London.\nEvans continued to be fascinated with diseases. Later in her career, she studied streptococcal infection, which causes strep throat and scarlet fever. She retired from the National Institutes of Health in 1945, but served for eleven years as president of the Inter-American Committee on Brucellosis. Throughout her career, Evans was active in a number of organizations. She was honored by the American Academy of Microbiology and the American Association for the Advancement of Science, and belonged to the Washington Academy of Sciences, the American Association of University Women, the American Association of the United Nations, and the United World Federalists.\nMade Headlines Once Again\nEvans made headlines again in 1966, when she filed suit against the U.S. government. She was unwilling to sign an oath disavowing communist loyalty, as required on her Medicare application. At the time, the law prevented those with communist affiliations from receiving benefits. Represented by Lawrence Speiser of the American Civil Liberties Union, Evans charged that the disclaimer was unconstitutional, violating her right of free speech and association as guaranteed by the First Amendment. The suit was eventually dismissed by the U.S. District Court and Evans was awarded benefits without ever signing the oath.\nEvans, who never married, lived in a retirement home from 1969 until her death in Alexandria, Virginia on September 5, 1975, following a stroke. She was 94 years old.\nFurther Reading on Alice Evans\nThe Biographical Dictionary of Scientists, edited by Roy Porter, Oxford University Press, 1994.\nDe Kruif, Paul, Men Against Death, Harcourt, Brace & Co., 1932.\nScientists: Their Lives and Works, edited by Marie C. Ellavich, UXL, 1997.\nASM News, September 1973.\nDaily Review, (Towando, Pennsylvania), December 26, 1996.\nPublic Health Reports, September-October 1998.\nWashington Post, December 31, 1927; September 8, 1975.\nWashington Star, March 18, 1966; August 24, 1966; September 7, 1966; September 7, 1975", "What program is the Health Department receiving a grant for", "The movie Frozen River is a realistic example of the life lived by many poverty stricken mothers in America during the current times of extreme financial struggle. The movie was written and directed by Courtney Hunt. The character Ray, played by Melissa Leo, is abandoned by her gambling husband and is left to raise her two young boys. When Ray meets a Native American Mohawk woman, the character Lila played by Misty Upham, they become a two person smuggling team to bring illegal immigrants into America from Canada through Mohawk land. Without smuggling, Ray and Lila would earn minimum wage at most and struggle to make ends meet. These two women are faced with the stresses of raising and saving their families. Because of their current socio-economic standings, these women try desperately and dangerously to improve the lives of their families by risking their own lives. What does that say about their maternal roles?\nThe concept of \u201cmother\u201d in this film takes multiple roles. In Kaplan\u2019s \u201cCase of Missing Mother\u201d article, she discusses different dominant paradigms including the good mother, the bad mother, the heroic mother, and the silly/weak/vain mother (Kaplan 128). Ray and Lila, as mothers, can very easily be seen as \u201cbad mothers\u201d in the eyes of society. However, the difficulty faced with categorizing these specific characters in these roles is that even if they are seen as \u201cbad mothers\u201d, they are mothers trying desperately to be the good or even heroic mothers. These women risk their lives for their family in order to simply survive. These women do not have any need for extravagance, just existence. Living in America and being a woman in poverty is not a very unique experience; every day women struggle to feed their children.\nThe topic of the film is a very hea", "What should you do if the steps to manage your SEAS activity account do not work", "way message reads: working, 19. a Salinger girl, 20. sock it to me, 21. mythic lodgings, 22. Celso + M-BW, 23. On Being an Octopus, 24. meharon o baroma, 25. Merry Christmas, Every Bunny!, 26. Freak love, Bjork \u2661, 27. Bjork, 28. hide for the holidays, 29. PICT0037, 30. Yes Way\nJanuary 18, 2008 1 Comment\nGreetings everyone and welcome to the first edition of \u201cDear Menz\u201d! This is where I will dig deep and ask the menz a variety of penetrating questions to help us ladies gain enough knowledge to find the thugs of our dreamz\u2026\nMy first guest is the genius and god among men, Michael Ian Black, who you know from The State, Stella, Wet Hot American Summer, and of course those \u201cI Love the\u2026\u201d shows on VH1. Let\u2019s see what this menz has gots to say\u2026\nIs it true that guys don\u2019t like funny girls?\nI think guys love funny girls. At least this guy does. Especially if they have funny props like Carrot Top. That shit is hilarious.\nWhen is the best time to slip someone the tongue on the first date?\nHow would you feel if you overheard someone say, \u201cI am straight gonna MB to the MIB TONIGHT\u201d?\nI guess it would depend on the context \u2013 if they were talking about putting their cat to sleep, I guess I would be kind of upset.\nWhat\u2019s your favorite song to dry hump to?\nFalco\u2019s \u201cRock Me Amadeus\u201d\nWhat advice can you give someone who\u2019s been looking for love in all the wrong places? Should I just give it up and become a mail order bride?\nMy advice to any would-be mail order brides out there would be to take a deep breath and consider ALL your options. Maybe you might want to become a high-class call girl instead, or just a straight-up sex slave. Mail order bride just sounds so permanent.\nHave you ever Supermanned a ho?\nI\u2019m not sure what this is, but probably.\nWhy do a lot of menz refuse to eat white condiments?\nLike mayo? Do menz refuse mayo? In my experience, menz will happily eat mayo.\nAnd lastly, what kinds of freaky shit are you into?\nI like Scrabble.\nThank you Michael Ian Black for letting us peer into your brain for our first Dear Menz column! You can enjoy more MIB at his hilarious blog. You can also see him in the soon-to-be-released Kids in America and he also wrote the upcoming film Run, Fat Boy, Run. And get his stand up comedy album, I Am a Wonderful Man, available on Amazon.\nJanuary 16, 2008 15 Comments\nWhen I was thirteen, my \u201ccousin\u201d Gigi came to live with us for a couple of weeks. [\"Cousin\" as in the Filipino way where everyone is your auntie and your cousin, probably even your boyfriend] Anyway, she got into some sort of shenanigans back home and was sent to stay with me, who was a perfect angel back then. Gigi loved cholos, and looked like a chola herself or at least had the hairdo, which was stiff as straw, raped-by-Aquanet, peroxide-lightened hair. In the two weeks Gigi was with us, I learned how to concoct a makeshift cocktail from Boone\u2019s Strawberry Hill and my mom\u2019s mangoes, and we would sip them while sitting in my front yard catcalling at the guys who would drive by in their cars, pumping their music as loud as they can. Gigi called that move \u201cThe Mating Call.\u201d I was sad when she went back home since it was nice having a chola sister for a little while.\nAfter years of other similar friendly run-ins, I theorized that cholos and cholas may be the undiscovered comedians of the world. They come up with more pop culture-referenced, witty one-liners than you could ever imagine. Their style was very fashion forward, with their now ironically hip Virgin Mary shirts and other Catholic paraphernalia. They were fixing classic cars longer than your rockabilly boyfriend and listening to the best band in the world, Zapp & Roger.\nIf you grew up in southern California, then you know what I am talking about. You were probably appreciating cholo/chola style long ago. Of course, Gwen Stefani rocked wife beaters and Dickies back in \u201995 and obviously still sports some chola-esque elements. In the past decade cholo/las have become a popular choice in Halloween costumes [aside from Halloween 2007's easy-to-do costume: Amy Winehouse.]\nAre you down for chola style and want to know where to begin? Perhaps my do-it-yourself Chola Style Guide can help pave the way.\n+ Watch movies about cholos. Blood In Blood Out, American Me and Mi Vida Loca are good starters. Then you can watch Scarface, which isn\u2019t a movie about cholos but they love it and think Al Pacino is a badass just like you do.\n+ Refer to this Ultimate Gangsta Starter Pack that I made for Robyn Swank a few years ago when she was obsessed with cholos. The starter pack was my first foray into custom gift basket making [which I will of course get into at another time]. Items included were a 40 ounce of malt liquor [don't forget to spill some for your homies], a switchblade [to cut fools who try to step to you], brown lipliner, an appropriate movie [as reviewed in#1], a hooded sweatshirt featuring a gangsta and his heina with Jesus watching over them, crip slips [even comfortable enough to wear to Coachella! ], a Virgin Mary bandanna, and big gold hoop earrings.\n+ Give yourself a chola-themed nickname. In seventh grade I used to write Gigglez all over my Trapper Keeper. If you are a wallflower, Shy Girl will work perfectly. This is pretty simple. As Dlisted pointed out, \u201cChola girls in High School had nicknames that sounded like the names of the bitches on Flavor of Love.\u201d\n+ Write some poetry to your man in lock-up. A chola loves doing this for her man. I know it\u2019s been years since you let your own feelings out on pen and paper. Don\u2019t be afraid to let go and show Chuy just what you mean to him. If you are not poetically-inclined, post the lyrics to \u201cAngel Baby\u201d on his myspace page. When he gets out of jail he will undoubtedly appreciate the sentiment.\n+ Last but not least, take some pictures at the mini-mall with your homegirls. Choose your background wisely [you can never go wrong with the classic \"Smile Now, Cry Later\"], coordinate your outfits, and get together beforehand to draw on each other\u2019s eyebrows and drink wine coolers. My homegirls and I did this a little while ago as you can see up above. Make sure to get a lot of wallet-sized photos because everyone will want one. Don\u2019t worry about covering up your hickeys. Your man likes it when his heina is all tagged up.\nJanuary 9, 2008 47 Comments\nMy sweet Loverbot other half, Leyla, showed me this link of a bride who had a cake made in her very own likeness. I like seeing things like this because it makes me feel like less of an asshole. Just kidding. Anyway, in three years when I have my Sweet Thirty birthday bash [which will be just as obnoxious as those teens' on MTV, if not more], perhaps I will do the same, but use a photo like this. Chola cake! Take a bite outta that! ON A FASHION NOTE: Look at that sista\u2019s wedding dress. Is that paisley or butterflies? I hope the latter because it would be very Mariah of her. A girl can dream.\nJanuary 7, 2008 5 Comments\nWith the rain beating down today, screwing up my plans to go thrift store shopping, I decided to catch up on some good old netflixing and discovered I must unintentionally be in a Francophile film phase! If only I were eating french fries, french-kissing, and wearing a beret while watching these, I would be filled with much joie. These four Paris-themed movies came out in the past year and I gladly recommend them to you.\nParis J\u2019Taime is like eighteen love letters to Paris from twenty different directors, including Gus Van Sant, Alfonso Cuaron, and Alexander Payne. You will automatically want to see the ones with Natalie Portman, who plays a woman in love with a blind Frenchman, and Steve Buscemi as a tourist attracting trouble in a subway. Another favorite of mine is about a family of mimes, since I do love those creepy mimes and clowns\u2026\nTwo Days in Paris starring Julie Delpy, who was also equal parts writer and director, and Adam Goldberg, was a favorite of mine that I caught in the theatres a few months ago. I enjoyed th", "What items did the author find in or under the couch", "What is included in the complete limited edition DVD collection", "What information must be submitted to confirm the order status", "s or bio-degradable bags.\n- Boxes are encouraged (feel free to use recycled boxes)\nEcoQueen will manage promotions in various channels including social media. Personalised marketing and targeted plans will be developed at a separate cost and we will provide an opportunity to vendors to take advantage of these special promotions.\nYes, you can. Shipping charges will be borne by customers but let\u2019s talk more. Contact us please.\nMore details on this will be shared in due course.\nThis is definitely in our plan but not at the moment .\nYes we can add your own return policy and shipping fees. However, it\u2019s your responsibility to send us your updated policy, otherwise you\u2019ll automatically rely on our default terms which is published on EcoQueen\u2019s policy.\nYes, of course! Do let us know why you have decided so though. That way we can improve our services.", "How many of the 9,000 beds in the national capital are currently occupied by people who have tested positive for Covid-19", "What is Google\u2019s Family Link service designed to help with", "\u201cI quit!\u201d\u2026\u201dIt has been six weeks since I quit chewing tobacco.\u201d This is what one of my participants recently told me in one of my leadership training sessions. We were in week seven of a twelve-week leadership course.\nAs a trainer one of the most important things I do is create an environment where people are excited about learning the material I am teaching. I can do this a variety of different ways. It is done through how I open sessions, the relevance of the material, the examples I use, the facilitation of them applying the concepts taught, how I close sessions, transition sessions from one to another, and most importantly, creating a connection between the material and how they can use it to get better results than they have been getting.\nWhen training is done well, the participants learn something new because they see how it can help them do their job better. More importantly than that to me is, when they see how they can apply what they have learned to make a better life for themselves.\nIn a twelve week training course, where we spend 3.5 hours together once a week for twelves weeks, we cover a lot of concepts and techniques that can make the participants a better communicator, a better leader, how they can reduce conflict in their life, and a lot of other things as well. In addition, we will cover how to become a more disciplined person in all areas of our life.\nThe value of a training environment is it provides a place where you can go and focus, even if it is only for a few hours. This focused time is more time than most people find to focus on doing just about everything in their life. It allows time to reflect on the concepts we are teaching, but it also allows time to reflect on other areas of life and how to make changes in those areas.\nWhen this participant shared with me that they made a decision to quit chewing tobacco, something they have done their entire lives, I was really p", "to whom loyalty is due; his Scout Leader, his home and parents and country.||2. A Scout is LOYAL. A Scout is true to his family, friends, Scout leaders, school, nation, and world community.|\n|He is loyal to all to whom loyalty is due;||A Scout is true to his|\n|his Scout Leader,||Scout leaders,|\n|his home and parents||family,|\n|and world community.|\nHere is a Philly tradition from the days before poz, when the Bell System was called \u201cMa\u201d Bell and the ACLU hadn\u2019t declared war on the Christians that granted their grandfathers shelter from the pogroms of the Old Country.\nHere\u2019s to peace on earth and goodwill toward men.\nand the second part, the faithful and moving\nThis is a piano reduction of one of my favorite cub scout tunes, the Webelos On Parade march, featured on the classic \u201cAkela \u2013 Cub Scout Record Album\u201d of the 1950s and 1960s.\nHere it is on a YouTube channel video with \u201csing-a-long\u201d lyrics\nand here are PDFs of the sheet music in a few formats\nThe original silkscreen is on light pine wood, framed and encased in glass. It was removed to make this high resolution, color corrected scan.\nIt can be easily decomposed into primary pigments using Photoshop and would make a great project for a troop. Use them as recognition or induction presents.\nHere\u2019s a poster size version in PDF for your Scout\u2019s favorite bedroom wall:Boy Scout Creed \u2013 A Buzza Motto 1923 POSTER SIZE", "What is the main mechanic featured in the game Watch Dogs 2", "|BRYOZOA : CHEILOSTOMATIDA : Flustridae||SEA MATS|\nDescription: This bryozoan consists of branching flat fronds and is sometimes mistaken for a seaweed.\nHabitat: A typical species of sand-scoured areas, attached to bedrock, boulders and cobbles.\nDistribution: Common and widespread throughout the British Isles.\nSimilar Species: Several other bryozoans are similar in shape and habit, but smaller. Securiflustra securifrons has narrower blades which tend to be divided into wedge-sha", "What kind of experience did Natasha Rodriguez have while studying at Providence College", "igh clearance crossover steering eventually but I'm more concerned about getting it up and running as soon as possible because this is my daily driver and I can't afford to have it down for an extended period of time. Pics of your setups would be great, especially closeups of steering and stuff like that. Any other suggestions for a first time 1 ton axle swapper? I want things to go as smoothly as possible, so can you tell me what problems you ran in to while doing your swap", "Who is the author of the In Death series and what is her pseudonym", "rder may have gone through, please submit a request and provide the following information:\n- Email Address Used for Purchase\n- Complete Shipping Address\n- Last Four Digits of the Card Used\nPlease Note: If you use PayPal for your payment, you will want to make sure the charge states \"completed\" for your account. If the charge lists as \"pending,\" that means that no money has been sent yet and your order has not been processed. You may want to reach out to PayPal to ensure there are no issues with your PayPal Account. If you place your order, and still see a \"pending,\" charge that authorization will usually resolve and drop off after a few business days. Please reach out to PayPal support with any issues regarding your PayPal accounts and transactions", "How to Manage a SEAS Activity Account\nIf you manage an SEAS activity account, your name has probably been added to the .k5login file (the Kerberos authorization file) in the account. This gives you permission to change the password for the account and to access it directly via the command line without a password.\nNote: If the steps below do not work for you, it probably means you have not been added to the account's .k5login file. Please send an email to cets@seas with your request to be added.\nHere is how you can change the password for the account:\n- Go to the SEAS account management website.\n- Logon as yourself first.\n- Click on Manage Activit", "What is the role of Clapper in the Donkey Kong games", "What is the main purpose of Family Link and what features does it offer to control a child's Google account", "the way in this complete limited edition DVD collection.\nSo, make yourself a marmalade sandwich, settle down in a comfortable chair in front of the television and prepare yourself for a treat. All 56 classic episodes, first aired on the BBC in 1975, plus three feature length specials, are neatly packaged in this four disc boxed set...cleverly disguised as Paddington's very own suitcase, what more could anyone want", "he Western Church) 18 August.\nAre you looking for a word for a foolish person? We explore twelve interesting words to describe the dunderheads in your life.\nBefore you run for the hills, let\u2019s run through a list of \u2018run\u2019 expressions that are running through our minds.\nThe definitions of \u2018buddy\u2019 and \u2018bro\u2019 in the OED have recently been revised. We explore their history and increase in popularity", "City police lieutenant with a dark past. Initially conceived as a trilogy, readers clamored for more of Eve and the mysterious Roarke. Leverage in Death, on sale September 2018, is the 47th entry in the series.", "n the public high schools regarding the college application and financial aid processes. Natasha is placed for her first year as a College Guide at Woonsocket High School in Woonsocket, RI, and is thrilled to make a change in the community. As Winston Churchill once said, \u201cWe make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.\u201d She knows that she will not solve the greater issues with college access, but she will be helping reduce the problem, one student at a time, by getting them into college or helping them figure out their future endeavors", "1 min read.Updated: 16 Aug 2022, 08:36 PM ISTLivemint\nAn expert has said that hospitalisation is up in Delhi owing to the rising Covid-19 cases in the national capital\nListen to this article\nA public health expert and a member of the Lancet Commission has said that the hospitalisation in Delhi has increased over the past few days as Covid cases conti", "Eurogamer.net \u2022 3DS DS Mac Wii \u2022 App of the Day DF Hardware Lost Humanity\nRob Florence imagines what it's like on the other side.\nRob Florence predicts the future and you can too!\nRab Florence wishes he saw the same innovation in vide", "o games that he sees in his cardboard children.\nWednesday, 19 September 2012\nWednesday, 22 August 2012\nWednesday, 25 July 2012\nSunday, 22 July 2012\nWednesday, 4 July 2012\nSunday, 6 May 2012\nThursday, 19 April 2012\nMonday, 16 April 201", "What sizes are available for the McCalls M5793 girls' dresses sewing pattern", "Use Donately with Deputy\nDonately & Deputy integration\nAre you interested in a Donately and Deputy integration? Let us know!\nDonately's online donation software is perfect for nonprofits, churches & schools. Our on", "What decision did a participant share after six weeks of the leadership course", "What days are orders for meal prep available for pickup or delivery", "was an apprentice to Filippo Lippi This mans style formed many of Botticellis early works Botticelli also worked with painter and engraver Antonio del Pollaiuolo Botticelli had his own workshop by 1470 there he spent most of his life working for many great families in Florence at the time especially the Medici family As one of the artist in the court of Lorenzo de Medici he was immensely influenced by its Christian Neoplatonism 57 With this in mind he tried to reconcile classical and Christian views Though working for himself a lot he was also commissioned by many others He joined Perugino Ghirlandaio and Rosselli from 1481 for one year to paint frescos for the Sistine Chapel Botticelli worked with some consequential artist of the Florentine Renaissance which would shape and change his style of painting Botticellis works are seen as a landmark of high renaissance He created some of\n@Kibin is a lifesaver for my essay right now!!\n- Sandra Slivka, student @ UC Berkeley\nWow, this is the best essay help I've ever received!\n- Camvu Pham, student @ U of M\nIf I'd known about @Kibin in college, I would have gotten much more sleep\n- Jen Soust, alumni @ UCL", "What does Rob Florence imagine and what does he wish to see in video games", "What types of fighting games are mentioned as available for download in the text segment", "How do the characters Ray and Lila in Frozen River challenge traditional notions of maternal roles in the context of poverty", "I'm swapping in either a full width D44 or D60 into the front of my rig soon and I have 2 questions. First, the axle is going to have manual hubs so what do I do with the vacuum lines running to my D30? Should I just cap them off or something? I want to keep my 231 because I have too much invested in it to get rid of it now (Currie SYE and Tera 4:1). Also, what did everyone do for steering? How did the stock steering match up to everything on your donor axle? I want to do a h", "line donation forms & fundraising pages will help grow your impact.\nManage your workday from any device with Deputy\u2019s flexible scheduling software & time clock app designed for any type of workforce. Try Deputy fre", "McCalls M5793, Girls, Dresses, Lined, Sizes Varies, UNCUT Sewing Pattern,\nSize: 2-3-4-5 and 6-7-8\nLined, below mid-knee dresses have fitted bodice with or without contrast yokes, flared skirt, attached petticoat ruffle, back zipper\nDresses A,C are sleeveless\nB and D h", "n to the negatives, are temperatures that can really cause damage even on a winter crop like wheat, but when you\u2019ve got the insulation of the snow, you don\u2019t have that kind of damage,\u201d he says.\nThe next big worry for farmers related to this cold is \u201cwinter purging,\u201d when the ground freezes and thaws enough that plants are essentially uprooted right out of the ground before the final spring thaw.", "ake out items and we have a scaled down menu available. We are also offering meal prep with pickup or delivery. Orders will be ready on Tuesday/Thursday/Saturday afternoons and the order form is linked below. Menus will change per week!", "What are the commitments and loyalties emphasized in being a Scout", "What is the role of the aeromedical evacuation crew as mentioned in the text", "What notable events and individuals were associated with the 1953 Boy Scout Jamboree documentary 'On My Honor as a Scout'", "y Account on the menu on the left.\n- Enter the username of the activity account you want to manage.\n- You are now logged in as that user and should be able to change the password for it.\nHere is how you can access the account via the the command line:\n- Connect to your account via the command line. If you are not on a CETS-managed Linux machine, you may need to run \"kinit\" to get your Kerberos token.\n- Once you have your Kerberos token, you can ssh to any account you manage without needing a password (change username to your the username of the account you want to access):\nNote: when running Mac OS X, you may need to add the following line to you", "What is Clapper's attack in Donkey Kong Racing", "I haven\u2019t drawn for a few days because life has gotten in the way. Things like catching up with friends and family, Chrismas shopping, and a whole lot of cleaning. On which subject, here is my list of fun things I found in or under the couch today:\n- a pencil sharpener\n- a door wedge\n- a measuring tape\n- a handkerchief\n- a sock\n- a copy of The Skinny from August\n- a ticket from First Minister\u2019s Questions\n- 6 pence\n- two party hats\n- a button badge bearing the slogan \u2018ordinary man in the street\u2019.\nHopefully you can tell from that it was less deliberate procrastination and more in desperate need of being done\u2026\nThe other thing about graphic novelling is that whilst it\u2019s quite easy to write in spare moments such as bus journeys and in lunch breaks, it\u2019s a bit harder to draw. I mean, I can take a sketch boo", "study, according to the IPO filing. The company expects to report initial data from the Phase 1b study in the first half of 2023. Applications to begin the Phase 2 tests in the U.S. and Europe are expected in the first half of 2024.\nAnother $30 million to $40 million of the IPO cash is planned for clinical development of the drug in other indications, including the completion of a Phase 1b test in asthma. Preliminary data from the asthma study are expected in the second half of 2024, according to the filing.\nAs of the end of the second quarter of this year, Third Harmonic reported having $112.7 million in cash and cash equivalents. The biotech projects that its cash reserves plus the funds from the IPO will support operations through 2025.\nHere\u2019s a look at some other stock market news this week for biotech companies:\nNo IPO for Elicio\nCancer immunotherapy developer Elicio Therapeutics is withdrawing its planned IPO. The Boston-based biotech had initially filed to go public in 2021, when financial conditions were more friendly for stock offerings. In a Sept. 13 letter to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Elicio offered no reason for the withdrawal other than to say it does not plan to pursue the stock offering at this time.\nElicio left the door open for a future IPO, asking the commission to credit the fees paid so far toward future use. The company\u2019s lead drug candidate, ELI-002, is in Phase 1/2 testing as a potential treatment for cancers characterized by the KRAS mutation.\nKnow Labs\u2019 stock finds a new home\nShares of medical diagnostics technology company Know Labs, which previously traded over the counter, have been uplisted to the NYSE American Exchange. Those shares are set to begin trading on Friday under a new stock symbol: \u201cKNW.\u201d\nSeattle-based Know Labs says its technology directs electromagnetic energy through a substance or material to capture a unique molecular signature. The company is using this \u201cBio-RFID\u201d technology to develop a non-invasive glucose monitor that provides users real-time information about their blood glucose.\nPhoto: Spencer Platt, Getty Image", "Natasha Rodriguez was born and raised in Providence, Rhode Island. She graduated in May of 2013 from Providence College. During her second year of college, Natasha went to Dominican Republic to teach English in a school where the community needed a lot of help. That was an amazing experience that brought her closer to service. Natasha believes it is always best to go back to one\u2019s own community to help make it a better place, and that's what she plans to do! Because Natasha was raised in Providence, she experienced firsthand the poor access to information i", "rs Game Apps for. Watch Dogs 2 is an action game in which the key element mechanics became a possibility of hacking urban infrastructure. OceanOfGames OceanGames PC Offroad Racers Game Overview I am sure that all of you must have played car racing game like Need for Speed 2, Ocean Of Games, Grid 2 [. Latest Games Highly Compressed Repack Direct Links for Windows.\nTop Full Games Software WORLD Best Site for, Solve your Computer Problems Download Free Register Software & Games. The Best Free Fighting Games. Final Fight PC Game Size: 10MB System Requirements CPU: 233MHz RAM: 64 MB VGA Card Memory: 16 MB OS: Windows Xp Vista Download Sonic Riders Game Total Overdose Game Related Post ELEX Game YS The Oath In Felghana Game Tom Clancy\u2019 s Ghost Recon Future Soldier Game Harry Potter Quidditch World Cup Game.\nDownload 2K15 Game highly compressed 100% working torrent link for PC full version. House Party Free Download PC Game setup in single direct link for Windows. Our free fighting pc games are downloadable for windows 7/ 8/ 10/ xp/ vista. 3d pc fighting game download. ( Download Winrar) Open \u201c Pokemon\u201d folder double click on \u201c Setup\u201d install it. Offroad Racers Free Download PC Game. Play as a police officer and catch the criminals. Watch Dogs 2 Download. Fighting Games Free Download. Extract the file using Winrar.\nCollection of free full version games for computer and PC. 3d pc fighting game download. Enjoy 3D Off Road Truck game. Fighting Games For PC Free Download. Welcome to Games 2 Download. Youll race truck across difficult tracks.\nFighting game Diary ultimate\nA fighting game is a video game genre in which the player controls an on- screen character and engages in close combat with an opponent, which can be either an AI or controlled by another player. Buy PC fighting games at GameStop.\nShop our huge selection of new and used PC fighting games.\nDownload free pc 3d fighting games - Star Wars Battlefront 2 : The most warlike and complete Star Wars, and much more programs. Fight your way thru tons and tons of levels in these awesome 3D fighting games! You can play as a samurai, a gangster and as a knight!\nDon' t let your enemies win and fight your way to glory! Fighting Games Free Download For PC Fighting Games Free Download For PC", "What is the primary goal of the sweat-equity homeownership program offered by Self-Help Homes", "What historical figure is associated with the founding of basilicas in the Holy Land and the discovery of the cross on which Christ was crucified", "What are the expected timelines for the data reporting from the Phase 1b study and the asthma study according to the IPO filing", "What types of organizations are mentioned as suitable users of Donately's online donation software", "What reasons did Shirley Ferrill give for being offended by Trump's rally in Birmingham", "h it and the types of content being consumed.\nTo recap, Family Link lets you first create a Google account for your kid. You then get control over that account, so you can control which apps are being installed, see how much time your kids are spending on their devices, set screen time limits, and even remotely lock them for bedtime.\nFamily Link is free to use", "What is the main aim of Third Harmonic Bio's IPO and what are they planning to do with the funds raised", "to protect the glass/acrylic from damage, so you have to be very careful during installation.\nYou wont be disappointed, worth every cent.\nThere are no videos related to this product.\nAsk a Question About 'Sicce Voyager 2 Stream Pump (800 GPH)'\nPreviously Asked Questions\nby Kevin on November 6, 2013, @3:21 AM\nhi, Would the Sicce Voyager 2 Stream Pump fit into a 16 gal innovative-marine tank? Or would it be to large or to powerful?\nBulk Reef Supply Hey Kevin,\nIt would physically fit but its about the only thing you would see in the tank :-) If your looking for something controllable that still small enough to not stick out in a tank like the Nuvo, the ecotech mp10 is going to be your best bet.\n- Pump support can be rotated 360\u00b0\n- Pump can be bent upward and downward up to 180\u00b0\n- Adjustable deflector\n- Water capacity regulator\n- Position anywhere with magnetic support for glass up to 3/4\"(15mm) thick and suction cups\n- Rotor with anti-wear shaft\n- Silent ON/OFF\n- CE & UL listed\n- 3-year or 5-year extended warranty with online registration and purchase from an authorized dealer\nDeal of the Day!\nMilwaukee SMS125 pH/ORP Controller ComboEnds in\nRegular Price: $214.99\nSpecial Price: $193.4900:00:00:00\n- Bulk Media & Additives\n- Bulk Reverse Osmosis Filters & Systems\n- Bulk Dry Live Rock & Live Sand\n- BRS Additives\n- Red Sea Additives\n- Korallen-Zucht Additives\n- Two Little Fishies\n- Fauna Marin Aquarium Additives\n- Auto Top Off Systems\n- Filter Media\n- Fish & Coral Foods\n- Fragging Supplies\n- Heaters & Chillers\n- Aquarium Lighting\n- Medications & Pest Removal\n- Monitors & Controllers\n- Protein Skimmers\n- Sumps, Tanks & Refugiums\n- Tank Maintenance & Salt Mix\n- UV & Ozone\n- Videos & Books\n- New Products\nSend us your feedback\nLet us know.\nPhone Hours: 7am - 7pm CST M-Th\n10am-4pm CST Friday\n6325 Sandburg Road, Suite 400\nGolden Valley, MN 55427 Map\nView Larger Map 6325 Sandburg Road, Suite 400, Golden Valley, MN 55427"]}