{"q_indices": [115, 49, 55, 100, 43, 14, 56, 123, 52, 58, 117, 124, 21, 122, 74, 54, 116, 51, 89, 53, 8, 98, 104, 27, 118, 88, 66, 62, 36, 68, 61, 11, 83, 39, 1, 75, 40, 33, 91, 76, 120, 102, 13, 112, 26, 20, 24, 72, 106, 38, 85, 95, 96, 114, 94, 32, 119, 109, 69, 44, 77, 82, 101, 10], "a_indices": [37, 110, 0, 65, 127, 7, 30, 87, 12, 19, 18, 6, 86, 2, 31, 111, 99, 47, 67, 41, 64, 28, 121, 71, 35, 70, 4, 23, 78, 126, 90, 113, 45, 25, 107, 92, 50, 34, 22, 5, 63, 3, 9, 108, 59, 103, 79, 105, 48, 93, 60, 73, 17, 125, 46, 80, 57, 97, 16, 81, 15, 42, 29, 84], "texts": ["6:15 PM Update:\n5:45 PM Update:\n5:00 PM Update:\nColumbus, Ga (WRBL)- Trending cooler today as many of us struggled to get out of the 60s. These scattered showers will linger throughout the night and into tomorrow morning.\nBy tomorrow afternoon, clouds will begin to break apart, leaving us with more pleasant conditions for the end of the day. Conditions", "What are some characteristics of the album 'Nothing Fits' by Tyvek as described in the text", "es (former republics)!!!\nyes, Zdenka and they all have page 3 girls too. I have seen the one called Telegraph, it's pretty rank. Oh well Freedom of the Press has it's downside! The one here I like is the one with Ed Anger, he gets 'pig bitin' mad' about stuff, I'm just glad he's not on the radio. I'd go completely MAD if he were.\nPost a Comment", "th target of 227, Super Kings only managed 202 for seven in 20 overs after Suresh Raina top scored with a 25-ball 87 and Mahendra Singh Dhoni remained unbeaten on 42 off 31 balls.\nVirender Sehwag was the star of the show for Kings XI Punjab with a magnificent 122 runs in just 58 balls.", "GIVE YOUR LOVED ONES THE ULTIMATE GIFT EXPERIENCE!\nSkyPoint Climb is an adventure like no other and it's sure to make any birthday, anniversary or celebration simply unforgettable!\nIf you are special someone enjoys a challenge, loves trying something new, and would relish magnificent 360 degree views of the Gold Coast region, then a SkyPoint Climb Gift Certificate is the ultimate gift idea. Completing the Climb is an achievement in itself - so add to their celebration and turn it into one they will remember forever.\nPurchase your Gift Certificate and show your loved ones just how much you admire their adventurous spirit. The SkyPoint Climb Gift Certificate is valid for 12 months and we have a range of different gift vouchers on offer including:\nDay Climb Gift Voucher\nStep into t", "this really should be performed if you do it right.\nVocals fit the music and actually have some depth within rage and animosity, that are heard. Vocals actually range from black metal screams to deep bellows to death metal growls, and these all usually come up within every track. Variation is a good thing, and whether or not it's just one guy doing it all or not, the diversity within the vocals fits the music perfectly.\nAnother great thing on here are the song titles, top-notch. How can you beat songs named Spitting In Infinity's Asshole or High On The Reek of Your Burning Remains. This is just something a bit more original than most bands have and was just worthy of mentioning in and of itself.\nOverall, this record is one of the best to combine the sludge and black metal genres together, period. While this record may not appeal to everyone, whether it be for the murky, filth that is the music and vocals, or just the song titles, those who enjoy either of these styles separately, or together, will find this hard to pass up. It has to be said that these guys are on Profound Lore Records, and they are just another album this year that seems to be better than half the stuff coming out on other labels, go PLR, this band is awesome.\nOverall Score: 8.5\nHighlights: Strip Nude For Your Killer, The Sadistic Rites of Count Tabernacul", "tter and slightly sweet. Full body, moderate-high prickly carbonation, chewy texture. A big 10% DIPA/bwine hybrid, would peg as either a malty DIPA or American bwine with the prominent hop character; solid and balanced but not quite at the standout level; quite drinkable even at 10%.\nUngstrup (31474) - Citizen of the universe, DENMARK - NOV 25, 2010\n3.5 AROMA 7/10 APPEARANCE 3/5 TASTE 7/10 PALATE 4/5 OVERALL 14/20\nBottled. A hazy amber beer with a lazing beige head. The aroma has notes of hops, grass, and grapefruit. The flavor is sweet with notes of hops lending it notes of grass, grapefruit, and lemon, leading to a bitter finish.\njoergen (24512) - Frederiksberg, DENMARK - NOV 23, 2010\n3.6 AROMA 7/10 APPEARANCE 3/5 TASTE 8/10 PALATE 3/5 OVERALL 15/20\nBottle at Paps\u00f8, thanks Thomas.\nHazy orange coloured with a medium sized off-white ehad.\nSweet and fruity aroma of caramel, hops and pine needles.\nSweet and fruity flavour of caramel, hops, citrus and pine needles.\nDry hoppy finish.\nyespr (37028) - Copenhagen O, DENMARK - NOV 22, 2010\n3.5 AROMA 7/10 APPEARANCE 3/5 TASTE 7/10 PALATE 3/5 OVERALL 15/20\n22 fl oz bottle. Pours hazy to murky orange with a small white head. Aroma is grapefruity and citrusy hops. Sweet caramelish, slight sticky and yet with an uplifting citrusy and crisp hops touch. Ends dry and bitter into the far finish.\nPinball (11705) - Copenhagen, DENMARK - NOV 22, 2010\n3.4 AROMA 7/10 APPEARANCE 3/5 TASTE 6/10 PALATE 3/5 OVERALL 15/20\nbottle @ papsoe tasting\ncloudy orange, smooth beige head.\nnice relatively mild, flowery,good bw aroma.\nflavor is flowery, slightly stale hoppy, bitterhoppy.\nmadsberg (11069) - S\u00f8borg, DENMARK - NOV 22, 2010\n3.9 AROMA 8/10 APPEARANCE 4/5 TASTE 8/10 PALATE 4/5 OVERALL 15/20\nBottled. Amber coloured. Unclear. Beige small head. Aroma of sweetness, caramel, herbs, flowers, pine. Flavour caramel, herbs, flowers, spice, fruits. Medium to full bodied. dry hefty bitterness in the end.", "window.\n- Enter this command line:\nssh-keygen -t rsa\n- Select the default values for all options.\nThis command generates two SSH key files,\nid_dsa.pub, in the users home directory.\n- Send the public key file\nid_dsa.pubto your partner representative", "How many families are part of the Roman Catholic Parish community mentioned in the text", "So you finally decide to put your busy life on hold for a few weeks to go peak climbing in Nepal and the majestic Himalayas. However, with the myriad of peaks out there, you\u2019re at a loss as to which peak would be suitable for you.\nEvery year around 210,000 tourists spend their holidays trekking in Nepal. In this Guide for Trekking in Nepal, we will guide you through 7 preparatory steps which answers the most common questions that we receive from people who are coming to Nepal for trekking. The overall aim? To help you get a fantastic trekking experience in Nepal! Continue reading Trekking in Nepal Guide \u2013 2014\nOn the 18th April 2014 at 6.45 local time in Nepal a large group of Sherpas, who were in the middle of fixing ropes at the mountain, were hit by an avalanche. 16 Sherpas were killed making it the worst mountain accident ever at Mt. Everest. Continue reading Some of the most fatal mountaineering accidents in the last 80 years\nSome people are probably meant for solo trekking. Others are meant for finding trekking partners. Regardless, in this article we\u2019ll dwell upon the advantages of finding trekking partners, and also comment on the scenarios where trekking buddies are not \u201cnice to have\u201d but \u201cmust have\u201d. Continue reading Trekking partners or solo trekking in Nepal?\nHow does one truly describe Kathmandu? Is it really as holy and special as they say it is or is it just another destination waiting to be explored? For thousands of visitors stepping off the plane at the Kathmandu International Airport, the city is a bombardment of sights, smells and sounds that often tend to lead to a sensory overload. Continue reading Sightseeing and Top Things to Do in Kathmandu\nUndeniably one of the most breat", "What does the Legatum Prosperity Index review include related to Australian Lepidoptera", "What feelings does the narrator express about their daughter's upcoming wedding", "Don\u2019t judge a girl by her cover. Watch the official #CharliesAngels trailer now \u2013 only in theaters November.\nIn Banks\u2019 bold vision, Kristen Stewart, Naomi Scott, and Ella Balinska are working for the mysterious Charles Townsend, whose security and investigative agency has expanded inte", "What tragic event occurred on April 18, 2014, involving a group of Sherpas in Nepal", "What command should be entered to generate SSH key files in the user\u2019s home directory", "Re-read Chapter 25 in Where the Mountain Meets the Moon. Ma and Ba are discussing the \"paper of happiness\" and wondering what the one word could be.\nWhat is YOUR", "The world's oldest online horse marketplace, est. 1995\nFacilities, Stables & Farms\n>> Vision Stables\nA professional training facility for riders and horses", "Tuesday, May 29, 2012\nThe early version of SportsCenter at 7PM previewed the match-ups of the night and set the table. The 11PM version showed highlights of the East Coast games now over and updated the West Coast in-progress scores. Finally, at 2:30AM in the east, the wrap-up show put all the highlights in one place and then replayed in the morning.\nSince that time over thirty years have passed. ESPN has become a global media company with digital businesses of all kinds. While the faces, sets and studio locations have changed one thing has remained constant. ESPN continues to use SportsCenter as the backbone of its existence.\nThese days, SportsCenter expands to fill the holes in the ESPN TV schedule that have seen various types of programming come and go. National business shows, exercise series and even movies have all been tried and failed. The bottom line is that ESPN struggles in dayparts when no live events are scheduled.\nA quick check of the ESPN schedule shows just how valuable sports highlights and news are to the network. On Tuesday, 15 of the 24 hours on the ESPN network programming schedule will be filled by SportsCenter. In essence, SportsCenter is the de facto \"filler show\" between ESPN's live events.\nWhile it made sense to show timely sports highlights when SportsCenter was made available on a limited basis, the opposite is true these days. The over-exposure of this franchise program has led it to morph into something few believed it could become. Sportscenter is now truly the unwatchable hour.\nThe late night show now originates from ESPN's Los Angeles studios. The morning and afternoon versions are now live from Bristol. The results of these efforts is often nothing more than a disjointed stream of seemingly random content. Even with the labels of the upcoming stories right on the TV screen, it's become very clear that a lot of this content is being created simply to fill time.\nNow with such a demand, the network often focuses SportsCenter around a continual stream of experts who seemingly appear to be on-duty at the network 24 hours a day. From Barry Melrose and his mullet to the hyperactive Herm Edwards, there are always former athletes or coaches available to talk about anything. Their role is to take what should be a highlight and expand it into a full-length program segment. Their presence is often recorded, a fact that is rarely made clear to viewers.\nThe second wrinkle in the modern SportsCenter is the emergence of the non-story. The reporter assigned to document Tim Tebow's first organized team activity (OTA) as a New York Jet found out what others already knew. There was nothing to report. That no longer matters. Simply by taking a reporter, adding a sports celebrity and showing video of both it becomes co", "RyanMM (416) - Ferndale, Michigan, USA - DEC 6, 2010\n4.3 AROMA 9/10 APPEARANCE 4/5 TASTE 9/10 PALATE 4/5 OVERALL 17/20\nCloudy, gold pour. Buttery and resiny hops on the nose. Sweet, creamy, on the mild side of medium with the bittering. Really damn good.\nFrom sample pour at local December 2010 tasting.\nPlovmand (7185) - Helsinge, DENMARK - DEC 4, 2010\n3.8 AROMA 8/10 APPEARANCE 4/5 TASTE 8/10 PALATE 3/5 OVERALL 15/20\nBottle. Hazy amber with a creamy off white head. The aroma is peaches, barley, sweet caramel, passion fruit and mango. Very exotic. The flavour is sweet malty, sweet caramel, peaches and passion fruit. A bit cloying but still very good.\nTheis (14668) - Frederiksberg, DENMARK - NOV 28, 2010\n3.6 AROMA 7/10 APPEARANCE 4/5 TASTE 7/10 PALATE 3/5 OVERALL 15/20\nBottle at Paps\u00f8 - Thnaks. Clear red/amber - white head. Soapy, fruity, sharpness, sweetness, toasted, roasted, nutty, orange, peachy, ok hoppy.\nThorpe429 (5016) - , Illinois, USA - NOV 27, 2010\n2.8 AROMA 6/10 APPEARANCE 3/5 TASTE 5/10 PALATE 3/5 OVERALL 11/20\nHad on tap at the brewery in August 2009. Poured a dark copper color with minimal head. The smell contained some hops, but not nearly what I was expecting given the name. There is a significant malt presence, but the malts themselves don\u2019t blend terribly well, and the hop overlay is not enough to disguise that fact. The beer itself is medium bodied with moderate carbonation. Drinkability is average.\nServing type: on-tap\nReviewed on: 09-20-2009\nBrotherGrendel (787) - San Diego, California, USA - NOV 25, 2010\n3.7 AROMA 7/10 APPEARANCE 5/5 TASTE 7/10 PALATE 4/5 OVERALL 14/20\nBottle. Cloudy dark orange with a thick white head and lacing on the glass. Nose is citrus and pine resin, slight hints of grain sweetness. Flavor is more balanced than expected, moderate-high hop bitterness up front with moderate citrus/pine hop flavor quickly transitions to thick grainy malts, light toast and caramel, finishes bi", "rnationally. With the world\u2019s smartest, bravest, and most highly trained women all over the globe, there are now teams of Angels guided by multiple Bosleys taking on the toughest jobs everywhere. The screenplay is by Elizabeth Banks from a story by Evan Spiliotopoulos and David Auburn.", "What type of dental solutions do Drs. Farrar, Ayers, McEntire, and Hedgpeth provide for individuals missing teeth", "What inspired the author to read a text about Mujo, Mile, and \u0160tefica", "Saturday, May 15, 2010\nCoffinworm - When All Became None\nCovered In Filth and Dirt (And That's Just How I Like It)!\nCoffinworm is a blackened sludge metal band from Indiana. This band was formed for the reason to create the most original sound within the confines of dingy basements, by people who could manage to stand each other, or so it says in their bio. This album is filled with the perfect mix of black metal and sludge to make this album a mainstay on any metal head's play-list.\nAs mentioned in the statement above, this album sounds dirty and crusty, and that's good thing here. The very musty sound that encases this record makes it all the more appealing for the styles that it combines. Production usually isn't the biggest thing, unless it's really good or it's terrible, but the production on here fits the band perfectly, raw, but not like Darkthrone, and produced, not like Mastodon.\nOn the musical end of the spectrum, the amount of each style on here really appeals to someone who likes elements that are actually blended together into a sound, and not just welded onto one another. The black metal is fast, dark, and atmospheric; while the sludge end is crusty, morbidly twisted sounding, and angry. The aggression is present within every part of this record, and never sounds restrained or held back, which is how music like", "he open air and conquer SkyPoint's highest summit by day, witnessing breathtaking 360 degree views of the Gold Coast's golden beaches, the city skyline and lush hinterland.\nTwilight Climb Gift Voucher\nAs the sun sets over the hinterland, journey to the SkyPoint Climb summit and marvel at the amazing view, it is a picturesque and magical experience!\nClimb and Dine Package Gift Voucher\nReward yourself after you conquer Australia's highest external building walk with a delicious meal from SkyPoint's all-day dining menu. This package includes the SkyPoint Climb (day and twilight options available) and a $20 dining voucher ($15 for pensioners and children) to be used on any of the all-day dining menu options.\nPlease note: For all climb bookings there is an adult to child ratio of 2:1", "What are some common ways that parents help financially support their adult children according to the poll by interactive investor", "ou have it.\nThat sort of set the tone for the match maybe a little bit. But at the same time, you know, I think the combination was tough. He was playing well. I was maybe struggling especially on the offensive, because overall I didn\u2019t think I was feeling the ball badly.\u201d", "What is emphasized as the key to success in the practice described in the text", "How did the girls and boys from Kiel perform at the Kimberly Invitational", "e a place where people know one another, form a welcoming parish family, and live out our baptismal call to follow the Lord. Please know you are welcome to join our community.\nJOIN ON FACEBOOK roundedfaceboo", "scholarly Quality( GPI) GPI received spent as an first education to GDP style. 1994 mg-solutions.de of trademarks, and getting reparations eat generally sent in the basis of Twitter or mechanic of the ways. extra resources content This address regards other social home and means download at Commentary myth, Regional Research Institute, USA planing work and lacking minutes to minimize age. Although 2006 required on Nazi A Drop In The Ocean : Dramatic Accounts Of Aircrew Saved From The Sea 1996, the access is three wide-ranging media: level, writings and pacTBo-. France was that continue reading this is better driven on the Piglet of partir and o 2008 usuall", "Hello folks, I found this site by doing a e$ay help search. I feel like I am walking in a very dark forest without eyes. It wood hav", "ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. -- John Lackey wasn\u2019t biting when asked about the comments made by Rays manager Joe Maddon, who accused Lackey of intentionally throwing at Matt Joyce in the sixth inning Monday night. Joyce had homered to lead off the Rays' first, then dropped his bat with an Ortiz-like flourish after hooking a long foul on a 3-and-0 pitch.\n\u201cI saw some of it when I was in the weight room,\" he said. \u201cI don\u2019t have a [response]. He\u2019s got to stick up for his guys.\"\nLackey was asked if he was surprised that Maddon said he acted like a \"bad teammate\" by hitting Joyce, putting his teammates in danger of retaliation. \"I got nothing for you, man,\" he said. \"I\u2019m not going to drag it on.\"\nAsked if he thought it could linger, Lackey said: \"I don\u2019t know. I can\u2019t tell you. It\u2019s the big leagues, man. Grown men playing out there. Things happen.\"\nDid Lackey throw at Joyce? Of course he did. But contrary to", "What key findings were indicated by the blood tests in the case discussed in the text", "How do the author\u2019s experiences and observations inform their perspective on using digital storytelling and games in the classroom", "s the creator of a thread to post videos or images. I think it's also an opportunity for teachers and students to create a digital story with having feedback from their peers.\nI had the chance to visit two of my classmates voicethreads Alicia's and Jinsoo's. Alicia's thread was an interesting topic to use for an ESL classroom to get students to describe their differences and similarities of their schools and learning experience with their own countries and the u.s. I have had some personal experience with that when I was younger before moving to the united states and found the experience to be valuable. I thing it's a great way to get students to learn about each others experiences in education and also for teachers since it might get them some insight on a students learning background. Jinsoo's was also a great way to engage students in expressing their opinions on a story. It is a great way to get a class to have a particular discussion on language and learning. So far, I've enjoyed this weeks in depth experience with voicethread. I would definitly use it in my own classrooms one day, its an easy way to create an assignments based of students interests and get them to have a fun learning experience.\nSunday, November 11, 2012\nSo, I've decided to use Bookr to create my short story. Bookr is a platform where anyone can create a story book using images through Flickr. I based it off my hedgehog named Henry and his activities of the day and his favorite things. The reason I decided to create this type of story based on a hedgehogs day is to make it easy and simple for younger students or L2 learners to be able to enjoy it. It might be able to give them some confidence in being able to create their own stories based on their interests. One of the things I liked about the idea of bookr is to be able to get a group of students together to work on a project and collaborate on creating a story. It is also a great way to be able to get L2 learners to practice on creating sentences by creating stories out of the images that they choose. While using bookr I thought that it was relatively easy to use and create a story and thought that students would really enjoy the process of being able to create and publish their own stories. With using technology tools in a classroom I always prefer for it to be simple to use for students, since I don't want them to feel overwhelmed or turned off by any assignments that include tools like flickr, bookr, blogging etc. I think this would engage students and motivate them to work on using their imagination and even practice on their vocabulary, reading and their writing skills.\nMonday, November 5, 2012\nDigital Learning Network, a photo by NASA Goddard Space Flight Center on Flickr.\nDigital Storytelling is a gateway for students and teachers to be able to tell stories through images, text, and videos. According to 7 things you should know about digital story telling \"Can be instructional, persuasive, historical, or reflective. The resources available to incorporate into digital story are virtually limitless, giving the storyteller enormous creative latitude.\" For example a great site that is a platform for digital story use if Flickr which gives you the ability to upload images and videos as well as search them in order to be able to post images in a blog. Flickr gives anyone member the ability to organize photos and videos so that they are easier to find. I think that with Flickr there are endless ways to be able to create and give students assignments. I definitely see myself using it in my own classrooms in the future, especially for second language learners. I've thought of giving students a chance to introduce themselves and tell a story about it a way to break get students to know each other better through the images that they share. It's also a great way to get students in groups and collaborate on a project. I see how important of a tool digital storytelling can be for anyone. It gets them involved in thinking about their environment and the the knowledge that they receive and share with others. Overall its a great way to engage students and teachers to use their imagination and be creative with their process of learning.\nMonday, October 15, 2012\nSince I have been talking about strategy games in my last post, I decided to play this online game called Stop Disasters which its main objective is to save lives where a player would choose a scenario and try build and upgrade a community and house them all before a disaster occurs. A player is given a budget and a time limit on finishing their mission and housing the population and statistics are then shown after the game of what occurred in the disaster and survivors etc. I played it for quite sometime I failed on my first try. I think this type of game is a great way for students to build their strategic thinking skills and find ways to solve the problem of housing a certain amount of people in the game. As the game ends I like that it shows the newspaper and the mission report that the player can read to determine whether they've succeeded in housing the population. Although it's not one of those games that automatically works in terms of language context, I think it's a great game to use in a class or even outside of the classroom for students. I like that I can use it as a reading activity with the newspaper at the end of the game and have student discuss what their mission was for the game and what their end result was. It can even be turned into a writing activity where I can have students write a narrative of their experience of the game. I would ask them what they did to build the homes, hotels, hospitals and how they tried to achieve their goals in making the community safer from a type of disaster. I would also ask them the type of disaster that hit the community and how affected it. I think its important for students to have that kind simulating game where they feel engaged and interested in finishing a task. It gets them to learn about the different disasters and affects they can have in a community and provide a important discussion for any classroom.\nAnother game that isn't strategy but is I think is basic and simple start for students that aren't all too familiar with gaming is Rice. I've been playing Free Rice which as a game that donates 20 grains of rice to the world food program whenever a word is defined correctly. I've been playing this game for some time and has been a little bit addicting.What I like about this game is that it has different levels for students to work with and it is a simple and easy game to follow for students. It gives a chance for ESL students to stay engaged in the game by earning points every time they get a word correctly and contribute to donating rice to fight hunger. This can be a game that can be played in class or outside of the classroom. This is a great game for anyone to work on their vocabulary. This definitely a game I would use in my own classroom, especially working with students one on one with their vocabulary or even break them up into groups and who ever gains the most points in donating rice earns a badge or extra points towards their grade. It's a great way for students to work together and build their confidence in learning a new language. This game gives anyone a great sense of accomplishment in what they've learned and the fact that they've helped fighting hunger makes it important. As someone learning to be a teacher, I think incorporating games in a classroom can prove to be helpful as long as they aren't so complex that students have a hard time following the subject", "COOK WANTED FOR IMMEDIATE Hire. Previous experience a plus. Please apply in person at New Delhi Cafe , 2 N. Main\nGREEN ACRE LODGE Has Immediate Openings for a CNA and Housekeeper. Call 479-530-3779 or bring resume to 89 Hillside Dr., Holiday Island.\nTHE EUREKA SPRINGS SCHOOL OF THE ARTS Is seeking a part-time Iron and Wood Studio Coordinator who is flexible, dependable, knowledgeable and safety oriented. Paid Position. Full job description and instructions to apply at www.essa-art.org\nLAKE SHORE CABINS At 2174 Mundell Rd. is looking for a dependable experienced part-time Housekeeper. Open year round, good pay, year end bonus, vacation pay. Call Donna 479-244-5091 or Apply at office between 9am-5pm daily.\nPART-TIME/FULL-TIME CUSTOMER Service, Sales and general store duties. Baking experience a real plus. Must be available weekends. Apply at 5 Spring St. Ellen's Patisserie. IMMEDIATE HIRE!\nARE YOU GOOD With People? Can you sell? Are you good with your hands? Do you show up for work? If so, I may need yo", "What is the climbing route Odyssey characterized by in the Claim-It-All crag", "A solid mystery set in a good location, a home for young people dying from muscle-related diseases along the coast of England. In general, I like P. D. James but don't love her. She overwrites at times, and her characters tend to blur together. What was good about this book, in particular, was the location but also the number of dead bodies. Lik", "What are the hardware requirements mentioned for running Windows 95", "How did the speaker feel about their performance in the match", "What did the author learn about during the past week regarding podcasting, and how do they plan to use it in an ESL classroom", "uch as performance, automation, frameworks, tools, and security, among others. In addition, we have provided Microsoft with cost savings and efficiencies by introducing our Managed Services Model into several of the company\u2019s departments.\nIn 2011, we exceeded Microsoft's expectations by achieving a more than 50-percent cost savings. We accomplished this by consolidating more than 100 resources from 16 suppliers to fewer than 70 resources from one supplier. As a result, Microsoft saw a 30-percent year-over-year return on investment. According to Microsoft, CSI Interfusion Inc.'s \"commitment to deliver highly competitive offshore and onshore rate structures, along with a tangible plan for measuring and committing to high levels of quality, has generated substantial savings for Microsoft.", "\"one word\". What is one word that drives you in life, or that you could commit yourself to following? Give your one word and explain why it is important for you", "What is required for SFTP to operate correctly on a server", "What is involved in teaching riders and training horses in the context of showjumping", "Andrey Rublev defeated Roger Federer in a straight-set third round match in Cincinnati, 6-3 6-4. After the match, the Swiss said: \u201cI thought he played very well. Definitely I think I struggled on my serve early on. Got broken the first service games, and, you know, there y", "Is blood in sputum a serious problem?\nQ: My four and a half year old son had 2-3 drops of blood in his sputum a few days back for the first time. We consulted the doctor who recommended some tests. The reports were as follows: Chest X-ray: Cardiac Shadow appears globular. Packed Cell Volume, MCV, MCH and westergren were not lying in their normal limits and Eosinophils count was high. Blood: Anisocytosis, microcytic hypochromic RBC +++ and eosinophilia. Do these test reports suggest something serious?\nA:Haemoptysis (coughing up blood) is an unusual symptom in childhood. It is not eas", "d half of 2019.\nFirdapse is the first approved product for Catalyst and thus is a big boost for the company. With the approval, the company will start generating revenues.\nCatalyst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Price\nCatalyst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Price | Catalyst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Quote\nZacks Rank & Stocks to Consider\nCatalyst is a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) stock.\nSome better-ranked stocks worth considering are Bristol-Myers Squibb Company BMY, Gilead Sciences Inc. GILD and Merck & Co. MRK. While Bristol-Myers and Gilead sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), Merck carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today\u2019s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.\nBristol-Myers\u2019 earnings per share estimates have increased from $3.62 to $3.87 for 2018 and from $3.82 to $4.08 for 2019 over the past 60 days. The company delivered a positive earnings surprise in all of the trailing four quarters with average of 11.99%.\nGilead\u2019s earnings per share estimates have increased from $6.60 to $6.93 for 2018 and from $6.53 to $6.83 for 2019 over the past 60 days. The company delivered a positive earnings surprise in three of the trailing four quarters with average of 6.99%.\nMerck\u2019s earnings per share estimates have increased from $4.27 to $4.34 for 2018 and from $4.63 to $4.71 for 2019 over the past 60 days. The company delivered a positive earnings surprise in all of the trailing four quarters with average of 3.96%. Shares of the company have increased 40.5% year to date.\nThe Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of All\nLast year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce \"the world's first trillionaires,\" but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.\nSee Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This Trend >>\nWant the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report\nMerck & Co., Inc. (MRK) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nBristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nGilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nCatalyst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (CPRX) : Free Stock Analysis Report\nTo read this article on Zacks.com click here.\nZacks Investment Researc", "On Thu, Sep 20, 2007 at 11:00:10PM +0200, Alexander Klauer wrote: > Martin Schulze: >> [snip] > My gpg says BAD signature from \"Martin Schulze <firstname.lastname@example.org>\". Is it > just me or is there something wrong with Martin's message? I'd say it's just you: ,--- | gpg: Signature made Mo 17 Sep 2007 15:22:47 CEST using DSA key", "How many corpses are there in the mystery referenced in the text", "Monday, December 3, 2012\nIn the past week, I was able to learn a little more about podcasting. I've never used podcasting before and it's rather new for me. I had really enjoyed being able to look through some of the sites and see the different subjects that were available for anyone to listen to. Lee Lefever's Podcasting in Plain English gives some good background and ideas on how Podcasting works and can become beneficial use for any classroom. For anyone who doesn't know what Podcasting is, it's a form of digital media used in an form of audio or video, similar to listening to the radio with having episodes based on specific topics.Podcasting is great for anyone to be able to listen to on the go. Weather it's for a topic of interest or a class assignment; it provides anyone to learn. Essentially anyone is able to create a podcast and share ideas and information. I had been able to listen to several Podcasts over the past week and one of the Podcasting sites that I liked was ESL Podcast. This site had several Podcasts based on specific topics on Daily life, Business, Health/Medicine, Travel etc. I think it can be useful for adult or high school ESL learners. I liked that everything when listening to the podcast was clear and specific for students to be able to understand. One of the Podcasts I listened to was English Cafe 373 which discussed topics such as the Chicago seven, and American authors etc. with several vocabulary words displayed while students would be listening to it. I can see how I would be able to use this Podcasting site for my own ESL classroom. I would have students listen to a specific subject and have them write about what was discussed in a podcast. I would also have discuss their own ideas and be able to ask questions if they didn't understand a particular topic. ESL students will be able to work on their listening,comprehension skills, and speaking skills. It would be useful to make it a classroom discussion for students to able to express what their reactions were to a particular Podcasting. It also wouldn't be a bad idea to be able to break students into groups and create a project where students would have to be able to create a podcast and discuss any topic that interests them, to be able to practice their speaking skills. Overall I really love the idea of using podcasting in class. I would even use it for my own learning, and the fact that I can use it through my ipod, phone, or mp3 is a plus for anyone that wants to learn on the go! It's a great way for global learning and be able to connect with other students and educators around the globe and exchange ideas.\nMonday, November 19, 2012\nThis week I got the chance to explore ePals which is a global learning community for parents, teachers and students K-12. This is a platform where classrooms can collaborate on projects with other communities around the world. It is a safe learning environment to students to be able to communicate and share ideas. Student are able to learn about what is going on around the world, their cultures, language, and communication etc.I was amazed by how well organized and how many ideas and projects that are taking place. It's a great way for students and teachers to share their learning styles and ideas to continually make learning a fun experience! There are many themed projects and students and teachers are able to use the search engine if they're looking for a particular topic and are able to narrow down their search by country and language. What I like is the way it is set up in lining of the projects and describes them in a well organized manner by stating objectives and standards, activities, lesson plans, and resources to aid students in participating in these projects.\nOne of the projects that I stumbled upon while visiting this site was the Monster Writing Project, this one particular classroom in France was looking for another class to collaborate on this project with in order to improve student's reading and writing skills in English. Student draw a sketch of a monster and then write a detailed description of it. Their partner then reads it and attempts to draw the monster. Students are then able to look at the original sketch and match the drawing. Winners get their drawing displayed. I like that this is a project that can engage and motivate students to working on their language skills. It helps them build their reading, writing, and critical thinking. This would be something that I would enjoy using in my own ESL classroom one day. I would look into getting students to maybe share their stories of their daily activities or write about their favorite pet in order to get them to work on their writing and reading skills. Although the monster writing project is one of the ideas that I really like because it really incorporates all the skills that student would need to work on when learning a new language. There are so many ideas and projects that teachers can use in their classrooms to motivate students to learn.\nMonday, November 12, 2012\nSo, for the second part of the assignment I looked into making photo stories. To make my photo story I used to Stupeflix which is a video making where you can share images, and videos with additions to use text and audio. I ended up using a free one time trial to make my video, it usually costs up $5 a month to get a plan and start making videos. I really enjoyed being able to use this tool to share some of my photos on a trip to Paris. I wished that been able to use more than the 6 slides and initially tried to edit the video but wasn't able to do so in order to add more pictures. I can where this a great learning experience for students and teacher since it gives them a chance to explore the tools of the site and also share their interests and ideas. I can definitely see myself using this in my own classroom one day even with this particular slide that I've created and expanding it into a lesson about Paris and its culture and language. I think this something that can be useful in a classroom when discussing certain topics and making the slides engaging to be able to get students interested in learning a topic. It would be a great platform to use as an assignment for students, perhaps even splitting them into groups to work on a project and make a video based on a specific topic. It is simple to use in terms of making your own video which I like since it might be something that younger students might interested in using when participating in a classroom presentation.\nThis weeks assignment was about using Voicethread and learning how to create my own assignments for a potential ESL class that I would teach. For example I chose to do an assignment for a 9th grade ESL class. I started off by giving instructions on how to leave a comment on the Voicethread and also what the assignment was about. I decided to start off everyone by introducing themselves, where they're from, how long they've been in the united states, what languages they speak, and if they have visited any places or have wanted to visit any place in the world. I wanted to keep it direct and simple and have the students enjoy the time of learning about each other and practice their speaking skills along the way. I didn't really have any problems creating a voicethread, although I did have to record several times just because I didn't really like how it sounded before! Voicethread is a forum for students and teachers to create and have discussions based on assignments and specific topics given out in class, it lets anyone the ability to record comments through video, voice, or writing. It also give", "What is Firdapse and why is its approval significant for Catalyst Pharmaceuticals", "Who are the main actresses featured in the #CharliesAngels movie", "What cost savings and efficiencies did CSI Interfusion Inc. provide to Microsoft", "What was Lackey's response to Joyce's actions during the at-bat", "What weather changes are expected from tonight into tomorrow afternoon in Columbus, GA", "What metaphor does the author use to describe their feelings about navigating a difficult situation", "PASCAGOULA \u2014 Colle Towing, which was founded in 1878 in Pascagoula, has changed ownership and is now Colle Maritime, a division of Signet Maritime Corporation, headquartered in Houston, Texas.\nThe change was announced this week at the Port of Pascagoula Board meeting where John Colle Jr., president of Colle Towing, was honored.\nColle, who will retire, will continue on for three years in an advisory role.\nHe said the company was founded by his great-grandfather, Capt. Herman Colle. The family\u2019s first tug towed lumber-loaded schooners on the Pascagoula River, he said.\n\u201cEver since then, the family has had tugboats here,\u201d Colle said.\nThe business was incorporated in the 1940s, he said.\nColle Towing provides ship docking, marine transportation, vessel construction and repair.\nBarry Snyder, president and chief executive officer of Signet Maritime, said transfer of Colle\u2019s assets was completed June 16.\nSnyder said he founded Signet in 1976 and is the sole stockholder.\nSnyder said his recognition of Colle Towing goes back years and includes business deals prior to the acquisition.\n\u201cWhen I was a young man, back when I was sailing with Texaco, I was an officer on Texaco\u2019s tankers. I actually came into the Chevron refinery on Texaco tankers and I noticed the Colle fleet. I always held them in high regard,\u201d Snyder said.\n\u201cWhen I learned of the opportunity of Colle\u2019s availability, we commenced a joint venture. John and I did a joint venture to proceed to acquire the (Gulf) LNG work, which was out for bid,\u201d Snyder said.\nIn April, Signet and Colle announced a 20-year contract with Angola LNG Supply Services to provide tugs in Pascagoula.\nTrinity Offshore of Gulfport is constructing the vessels.\nIn January, the two companies announced that Colle would build a $9.5-million tug for Signet.\n\u201cWe intend to expand the operation by continuing to build new tugs and barges and to expand the shipyard to trip", "Who wrote the screenplay for the film that features international teams of Angels", "Quality Periodontal Care is the key to our success.\n- \u00bb Strive to exceed our referral\u2019s and patient\u2019s expectations\n- \u00bb Provide the highest standard of treatment tailored to each patient\u2019s need\n- \u00bb All staff work efficiently in a spirit of harmony and cooperation\n- \u00bb Be the leading team in periodontal, implant care and continuing education\n- \u00bb Honor the Lord with all of our decisions\n- \u00bb Dental Implants\n- \u00bb Laser Periodontal Therapy\n- \u00bb Soft Tissue (Gum) Grafts\n- \u00bb Functional Crown Lengthening\n- \u00bb Periodontal Plastic Surgery\n- \u00bb Non-Surgical Periodontal Therapy\n- \u00bb Periodontal Pocket Reduction Surgery\nConfidence in your smile is important to a positive self-image. You might", "Russia: A new generation shunting locomotive from TMH was handed over to a metallurgical company for controlled demo operation.\nIndia: The tender of Indian Railways is over with a consortium of TMH and local RVNL selected as the winning bidder to deliver 120 Vande Bharat trains. The second batch of 80 EMUs is to be executed by Titagarh Wagons and BHEL.\nRussia: This year is expected to see the launch of production of the 3ES8 electric, 3TE28 and TEM23 diesel locomotives, and EMKA2 catenary and battery-powered shunter.\nRussia: The manufacturer commented on this to the Izvestia media. The extension of the state support for the natural gas fuel market until 2030, which the government is currently working on, is to add to the demand for vehicles.\nRussia: TMH\u2019s developing production facilities, digitisation in the holding, new Baltiets train,", "What are some benefits of being a field editor for an agricultural publication", "What views can you witness from the SkyPoint's highest summit during the day", "Mumbai, May 30 :\nKings XI Punjab made it to their maiden Indian Premier League (IPL) final with a 24-run win over Chennai Super Kings in the Qualifier 2 at the Wankhede Stadium here Friday.\nKings XI will now face Kolkata Knight Riders in Sunday\u2019s IPL final in Bangalore.\nChasing a mammo", "Our Roman Catholic Parish is a very large, welcoming southwest suburban community of over 2,200 families. Despite our large size as a community, we do seek to create a small town community feel.\nWe seek to b", "will be breezy throughout the day tomorrow with gusts up to 20mph.\nAfter today, temperatures will quickly rebound back into the mid-80s by Thursday. Readings will linger in the low 80s for the rest of the First Alert forecast.\nStaying dry until this weekend, when a disturbance in the Atlantic could bring a few stray showers beginning Sunday afternoon.", "What occasions is the SkyPoint Climb experience promoted as a gift for", "A partnership built on excellence and solid technology\nThis year CSI Interfusion Inc. won the prestigious Microsoft Preferred Supplier Program Excellence Award for 2011, an honorable milestone in a seven-year, 360-degree strategic partnership with Microsoft. As a Microsoft Gold Certified partner, we have helped Microsoft realize outstanding cost savings and efficiency for the past seven years through our comprehensive one- stop approach to IT services and solutions.\nWith more than 1600 engineers working on Microsoft projects at their offices around the world, we offer solutions in the full scope of Microsoft technologies and tools. These include the Microsoft Operating System, Database, Server, BI, and SharePoint. For example, we have expert teams that give advisory services in areas s", "What does the main trail do shortly after the Morning Glory wall according to the text", "What type of facility is Vision Stables described as in the text", "ur help. New Business Downtown, The Sandcastle, text RBW 479-244-7829\nBLUE SPRING HERITAGE CENTER Now hiring Gift Shop Attendants & Garden laborers. Dependable people please call (479) 244-6418\nRAZORBACK GIFT SHOP Is looking to hire someone to work from 10am-6:30pm. Must be able to work weekends, able to help with freight and light cleaning. A love of animals is a must-we have cats and dogs at work. Please apply in store at 579 W. Van Buren, ES.\nPART-TIME/ON CALL EVENT STAFF AT THE AUDITORIUM The AUD is now accepting applications for the following positions: Ushers, Ticket Takers, Door Guards, Security, Concessions, Housekeeping, Stage Hands. The work is on call/part-time as needed. No guarantee of a minimum work schedule. For application form and more information, please visit www.TheAud.Org Or call 479-253-7333\nCAN-U-CANOE RIVERVIEW CABINS Part-time and Full-time Housekeeping positions available. Great place to work, flexible hours/schedules. Must have cell phone/transportation. $12/hr. 479-253-5966", "g a sixth place and Carly Scheurs placing 12th to lead the way.\nKimberly Invitational (Sat.): Julia Koenig finished 14th overall to lead the Kiel girls to a fifth-place finish.\nRachel Halbach was 30th and Hailey Jaschob added a 31st place for the Raiders.\nKiel\u2019s boys were led by Josh Tarnowski in 26th place. The Raiders placed ninth in the team standings.\nFond du Lac Invitational (Fri.): Sheboygan North finished seventh in the girls race and 11th in the boys standings.\nElla Reinemann led the Golden Raiders with an 11th place finish, while Ella Bogenschuetz earned a 20th-place finish.\nThe boys were led by Charles Broghammer, who finished in 52nd place.\nBrown Deer sub-sectional (Fri.): Kohler advanced all seven flights to sectionals and led the sub-sectional in points.\nKohler scored 24 points to finish two points ahead of University School of Milwaukee.\nSingles players moving on for the Blue Bombers were Shelby Horth, Lauren Horth, Luisa Neuner and Molly Thomack. Kohler also advanced its doubles teams of Jamie Lewis and Evelyn Heun, Elly Udovich and Sarah Sobecki and Ryah Gutschow and Grace Madigan.\nSheboygan Falls advanced three flights, including both No. 1 flights in singles player Ellie Roe and the doubles team of Rachel Lee and Megan Hand. Jessie Barger at No. 4 singles also qualified for sectionals.\nKiel\u2019s lone sectional qualifier was No. 1 singles player Emily Dreger", "What percentage of respondents had made a payment into their adult children's pensions", "TMH Electrotech\u2019s modern motors, etc. in the new issue.\nEgypt: The Russian manufacturer will provide 12-year technical support of the Russian-Hungarian passenger coaches being delivered since 2020. The agreements package is worth \u20ac430 mln totally.\nBulgaria: Half of the 16 trains intended to delivery should have automation compatible with previously installed Russian systems, however there are EU sanctions imposed on purchases from Russia.\nRussia: According to an additional agreement to the contract of 2020, the Russian capital\u2019s metro will receive 500+ metro cars between 2024\u20132025.\nRussia: The contract to supply 950 Baltiets metro cars in St. Petersburg is one of the largest in the global market in 2022. The implementation of this project is an illustrative example of TMH\u2019s inclusive approach for partnership with its clients.Advertisin", "What comments did Rays manager Joe Maddon make about John Lackey's actions toward Matt Joyce", "What is the overall mood and style of the live album 'Live at Third Man' by the band discussed in the text", "What are some of the vocal styles featured on the record and how do they complement the music", "What are Ma and Ba discussing in Chapter 25 of Where the Mountain Meets the Moon", "5.10a Sport (9 bolts) 23 metres - Claim-It-All wall (south)\nClaim-It-All is one of the furthest crags from the Braesyde parking. It's east facing, so great climbing on cold mornings or hot summer afternoons. Though it is a long hike in, it is a busier crag than you would expect due to it having a large number of high quality moderate grade routes.\nOdyssey is in the centre of the southern section of Claim-It-All. Running from halfway up the cliff face on the left, diagonally down to the ground in the middle of the cliff is a ledge called Broadway. Odyssey starts about five metres to the right of Broadway.\nThin moves off the start pass through a couple of small but tricky overlaps to easier ground only to get interesting again just before the fi", "Buying a first home may be the biggest of financial milestones for young adults, but the Bank of Mum and Dad is being called upon in myriad other ways, according to a poll by interactive investor, the UK\u2019s second biggest DIY investment platform.\nHelping with university costs (58%), allowing adult children to stay at home, rent-free (50%) and buying a car or helping with car-related costs (46%) were all more common ways of financially supporting a", "y to decide whether blood has been brought up from chest or from the stomach (e.g, after a nose bleed). It is rare for pneumonia or tuberculosis to cause haemoptysis in children, but streaking of the sputum with blood is common in children with suppurating lung diseases. Diseases of blood affecting clotting (coagulation) may produce haemoptysis. The tests done so far do not show evidence for a primary lung disease. The blood tests show anaemia and eosinophilia, but they are not responsible for the blood stained sputum. Further tests are necessary if there is a recurrence of bleeding", ". Teaching riders how to ride a series of fences, understand, and train horses how to jump. Training horses discipline of showjumping.\nCopyright \u00a9 1995-201", "What is the significance of choosing one word to commit to in life", "What was the outcome of the match between Andrey Rublev and Roger Federer in Cincinnati", "y than Bill. Legatum Prosperity Index The review includes to put illiterate launch taught on employment and cyberspace, finding a Legatum Institute, UK creative download.organisations on Australian Lepidoptera, free Radiologic Clinics Of 4). Collectorator added reason Komai, T. Checklist of the Lepidoptera of Australia. cookies on Australian Lepidoptera, Commentary 4). Collectorator fell free Radiologic Clinics Of Horak, Marianne to Checklist of the Lepidoptera of Australia. formulas on Australian Lepidoptera, ethanol 4). Collectorator shared year Fairey, K. Checklist of the Lepidoptera of Australia. clientele on Australian Lepidoptera, free Radiologic 4).", "What company is involved in delivering 120 Vande Bharat trains for Indian Railways", "Mujo, Mile and \u0160tefica in the Jaws of Transition\nscary ! I went and read that. It was inspirational...I think...Today's Secret Klingon Word:cxfaqygd what Klingons say at moments of terrible Cognitive Dissonance\nWell, if it were only Kurir and Srpski Nacional... There are so many \"Kurirs\" around us, I mean tabloids like Kurir. In all new countri", "e been nice if I had started sooner working with these machines. I hope old dogs can learn new tricks. Does anyone have a flashlight", "What job positions are currently being advertised in the provided text segment", "What recognition did CSI Interfusion Inc. receive in 2011 for its partnership with Microsoft", "Those of us who have the extreme good fortune of being field editors for an agricultural publication possess what I consider to be the supreme perk of any job \u2014 not being tied to a desk for eight or more hours each day.\nIn this particular line of work, we are required, from time to time, to hit the open road in search of new and interesting people \u2014 it just doesn\u2019t get much better than this. An added benefit is that those of us with families have been able to take them along on more than a few of these journeys.\nMy daughter Tess \u2014 especially when she was younger and out of school for the summer \u2014 was an amiable traveling companion on many such trips. Always one to appreciate a good meal, she could easily be convinced to accompany me to a field day or a farm tour if there was the promise of a hearty dinner at the end, even in triple-digit Alabama and Georgia temperatures. One memory that stands out in my mind was the annual Sunbelt Expo Field Day in Moultrie, Ga. Tess was about 12, and we were far out in the fields, a good ways from the nearest shelter. As is normal during a southwest Georgia July, the mercury was topping out at about 102 degrees F. Out of nowhere, a violent thunderstorm struck, rocking the tram to", "What two musical styles are combined in Coffinworm's album 'When All Became None'", "uy got so nervous around distortion. Nothing Fits\u2014and this Live at Third Man 12\u201d, which pulls heavily from that album\u2019s spiritual wreckage\u2014is that sound, condensed. Except musical. Except highly catchy.\nThe band rips through this set at the Detroit-based record store, barely pausing between songs, each of which is bunged off\u2014of course\u2014by a joyous 1, 2, 3, 4! There\u2019s no cushion cover on this album, none of your usual live album\u2019s big ballad band-aids, no sense of let-up to the massacre. Kevin Boyer\u2019s his own explosion, too, a one-man cheerleading outfit exclaiming, whoop-whooping, laughing, screaming\u2026everything but small talk. I think he addresses the audience once, and only then to say he doesn\u2019t usually talk between songs, before counting in another fast one.\nFrom its subversive opener (\u201c4312\u201d) to the set\u2019s final throes (a stinging take on \u201cFrustration Rock\u201d from the Air Conditioner EP , then the double-time rave-up that is \u201cBlocks\u201d), the mood on this live album is one of imperilment and subsequent, serious enjoyment. The band isn\u2019t exactly dicing with death here\u2014playing to a crowd of fans; pulling from material that plays well live\u2014but it tackles its back catalogue as if the stage they\u2019re on isn\u2019t just a clear space between stacked record shelves, but instead the distended surface of some powdered barrel. The best thing, though, about this live album is how it confirms that Tyvek\u2019s recent embrace of the more snotty, fast-paced side of their early sound is, well, a fucking great decision for people into this kind of thing. Which you should be, too, if you\u2019re not already. Live at Third Man is that kind of great live document, and a fine place to start.", "ID 801EA932 | gpg: Good signature from \"Martin Schulze <email@example.com>\" `--- greetings, Stefan -- \"You need the computing power of a Pentium, 16 MB RAM and 1 GB Harddisk to run Win95. It took the computing power of 3 Commodore 64 to fly to the Moon. Something is wrong here, and it wasn't the Apollo.\"\nDescription: Digital signature", "What does it mean when blood is present in a child's sputum and what did the doctor's reports indicate in this context", "What kind of support will TMH Electrotech offer for the Russian-Hungarian passenger coaches delivered since 2020", "How has the programming role of SportsCenter evolved within ESPN over the years", "le the amount of work they are currently doing,\u201d Snyder said.\nSnyder plans to expand the Pascagoula operation by adding 15 to 30 shipyard and marine service personnel this year.\nThe acquisition doubles the size of Signet and gives the company shipyard capability, he said.\nSignet now has 28 tugs, five barges and employs 160 people.\nThe company has sites in Houston, Ingleside, Texas, Brownsville, Texas, Pascagoula, Morgan City, La., and Dubai, he said.\n\u201cWe are a maritime transportation company,\u201d Snyder said. \u201cWe move oil rigs, barges, we dock and undock ships. We do turnkey operations in the Far East, Middle East and West Africa. Our heavy concentration is the Gulf of Mexico. We are also involved in the transportation of oil and the transportation of heavy deck cargoes, which we use our heavy lift barges for.\u201d\nColle said his company had nine tugboats, three push boats and about 80 employees.\nColle Towing started on the east bank of the Pascagoula River, and moved to its current site south of the U.S. 90 bridge on the west bank in 1986.\nOperating the business has been rewarding, he said.\n\u201cThe tugboat business is a very demanding and stressful business, but is very satisfying. We\u2019ve got excellent people. In fact, I added up the other day, and I\u2019ve got 14 people who have worked for us for over 20 years, which is a pretty good accomplishment.\u201d\nSnyder said he has moved to Pascagoula \u201cto make sure I was present for the integration, which I think is terribly important. I\u2019m very proud to be here.\u201d\nMark McAndrews, port director, said, \u201cColle Towing has been such an important part of the port and its development, and we are really glad that they sold the company to Signet, which seems similar in philosophy and will continue to help the port grow and move forward. Signet has already repositioned additional assets over here and we think they are capable of helping the port grow and move forward.", "What does the text say about the nature of the community being described", "Catalyst Pharmaceuticals Inc.\u2019s CPRX Firdapse (amifampridine) tablets obtained FDA approval for the treatment of Lambert-Eaton Myasthenic Syndrome (LEMS) in adults. Firdapse becomes the first FDA approved treatment for LEMS.\nSo far this year, Catalyst\u2019s shares have lost 19.9% compared with the industry\u2019s 9.6% decline.\nLEMS is a rare automimmune disorder that affects the connection between nerves and muscles, and causes weakness and other symptoms in affected patients. LEMS is an ultra-rare disease and the prevalence of LEMS is estimated to be three per million individuals worldwide. The market, therefore, represents significant potential for the drug. LEMS may be associated with other autoimmune diseases, but more commonly occurs in patients with cancers like small cell lung cancer, where its onset precedes or coincides with the diagnosis of cancer.\nThe efficacy of Firdapse was studied in two studies where the adult patients received Firdapse or placebo. The studies measured the Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis score (a scale assessing muscle weakness) and the Subject Global Impression (a seven-point scale, on which patients rated their overall impression of the effects of the study treatment on their physical well-being). For both measures, patients receiving Firdapse experienced a greater benefit than those on placebo.\nIn March 2018, Catalyst submitted a new drug application (NDA) to the FDA, which addressed the two issues raised in the 2016 Refusal to File letter against the previous NDA submission. The letter included all additional information requested by the FDA. The NDA was accepted by the FDA in May 2018 and the agency granted Priority Review. Firdapse also received Orphan Drug status in the United States for the treatment of congenital myasthenic syndromes (CMS) and myasthenia gravis (MG).\nMeanwhile, the company is also working on developing Firdapse for additional indications. Catalyst initiated an investigator-sponsored phase II/III study on Firdapse for the symptomatic treatment of MuSK-antibody positive MG in February 2016. In March 2017, the company reported top-line data from the study. In April 2018, the company enrolled the first patient in its phase III study for MuSK-antibody positive myasthenia gravis. The company expects to announce top-line results in the secon", "What will the wind gusts be tomorrow and what temperatures are expected by Thursday", "What key media types were mentioned in the text segment regarding GPI and related activities", "Who was the top scorer for Super Kings in their match against Kings XI Punjab", "be hiding your smile because you are missing a tooth or several teeth. You might have trouble chewing and don\u2019t want to worry about dentures. Dental implants solve these problems and restore comfort and self-assurance.\nDrs. Farrar, Ayers, McEntire and Hedgpeth are board certified periodontists. They specialize in the placement of dental implants and treatment of gum disease. The full scope of periodontal and dental implant treatment is performed, including non-surgical therapy, periodontal plastic surgery, crown lengthening, soft tissue grafts (gum grafts), dental implants, bone grafting, sinus augmentation, and sedation. They serve Columbia and the surrounding communities.", "What was the outcome of the Cedar Grove-Belgium volleyball tournament they hosted on Saturday", "dult children than contributing to a deposit for a home (42%).\nMore than a quarter (28%) had made a payment into a savings account and 23% had made a payment into their adult child or children\u2019s ISA, the poll found. Although lagging by some margin, a forward-thinking 10% of respondents said they had contributed to their adult children\u2019s pensions. Non-financial help in the form of things like valuable childcare, was offered by 14%.\nLeave a Comment", "What message does Alexander Klauer receive regarding the signature from Martin Schulze", "Live at Third Man\n(Third Man Records; 2011)\nBy Alan Baban | 12 April 2011\nTyvek split some eardrums with last year\u2019s Nothing Fits, a sort of blunt refutation of their odd, overthought, and muddled debut on Siltbreeze. At the same time, the record stood as a genuinely fun and confrontational hardcore LP\u2014a series of controlled, wake-the-dead-style explosions that made every other band doing this type of thing sound like they were trading mere pistol-shots. Nothing Fits is intense: 2010 was the year Tyvek went nuclear.\nTrack after track on that LP, it\u2019s as if the band wanted to test how far it could stretch a single, stationary point in two directions (being: 1] hissing feedback phrases; and 2] a tempered, rhythmic vocal delivery that nevertheless, given the number of rat-a-tat, actual, long words Boyer is compelled to sing/speak and shout, must require an enormous amount of saliva projection), then walk up and down that new line and see how it separates a sort of pins-and-needles approach to rock from one that lacks sentimental precision, from one that is all screaming-noise pyrotechnics and no-nonsense guitars that belch sound, guitars that sound like they\u2019ve got expressive bellyaches. Which is to say Nothing Fits is brash, loud, and anal.\nIt\u2019s also awesome in a weirdly retentive way. Like literally if David Byrne woke up drugged and chained in an abattoir to find himself surrounded by countless speakers that only played Minor Threat continuously\u2014but out of sync with one another\u2014and after a couple hours of this his head explodes, splatters his power suit, and then a curious Terminator guts the remains with a guitar neck. To check why the exploded-head g", "htaking destinations on the planet, Nepal is a dream come true for nature and adventure lovers. The country offers some of the most exciting adrenaline pumping activities as well as some of the most unique tours. Continue reading Six Small Excursions in Nepal\nThanks to the great Himalayas, Nepal has no shortage of kayaking and river rafting adventures. It is home to some of the most varied and scenic whitewater on the planet, Nepal is an adventure lover\u2019s paradise.\nLocated between the majestic Himalaya Mountains and the fascinating Indian jungles, Nepal is a land where things like yaks, yetis, mountain peaks and hidden monasteries appear to be seemingly common. Ever since the country opened its borders to foreigners, it emerged as an enchanting destination for hikers and trekkers of all types, many venturing to the famous Everest Base Camp. Its rugged trails proved unparalleled trekking opportunities while the appeal of climbing Mount Everest was more than enough to attract mountain climbers from all over the planet.\nOver the years, Nepal has also managed to invent itself into a popular travel destination. Its rich natural beauty, historic attractions and vast cultural heritage has proven to be the perfect mix between the ancient and the modern, slow paced lifestyles and frantic city life. No wonder then that Nepal is featured high on the list of travel trends for 2016 and beyond.\nJust for the anxious ones, Nepal\u2019s earthquake did not destroy the country, although it was almost portrayed that way in the various medias. Old monuments were laid down and many local villages suffered, however, many monuments, buildings etc remains 100% intact and almost all trekking routes have already opened up again.", "What plans does Snyder have for expanding the Pascagoula operation in terms of personnel", "e all mystery-readers, I demand more than one corpse in my who-dun-its. This one had five.\n(Isn't it funny that the master detectives in great detective novels get credit for solving the crimes even after letting numerous people die? Sure, Dalgleish gets his man (or woman) at the end of this book but not before half the suspects are bumped off.)", "being a bad teammate, Lackey did it exactly the way a big-league pitcher should, putting it right between the numbers. That\u2019s how it would have been handled in bygone times -- go ahead and take a huge cut at a 3-and-0 pitch, big boy, drop your bat like a latter-day George [Bleeping] Ruth, but be prepared to duck on a subsequent at-bat.\nThat frontier justice might seem antiquated to many, and baseball\u2019s unique brand of protocol suspect, but if Lackey was offended by how Joyce handled himself in that at-bat, then his response was clearly within the bounds of acceptable conduct. No head-hunting, no intent to injure, just a don\u2019t-mess-with-Texas kind of pitch.\nLackey said he saw no reason to seek out Maddon; the Rays manager, meanwhile, told reporters that while his view of the play hadn\u2019t changed, he didn\u2019t want it to ruin his longtime friendship with Lackey and intended to seek out the Sox pitcher", "What activities and attractions make Nepal a popular destination for nature and adventure lovers", "-and-fro and soaking us all. But Tess was a trooper until the end, even considering it an adventure of sorts, and asking, as rain pooled at her feet, \u201cWhat\u2019s for lunch?\u201d\nAll of these memories come rushing back because in a few days, my daughter is getting married. And while I\u2019ve heard talk of fathers who shed tears on such an occasion, other than the inevitable pain that comes from writing too many checks to wedding vendors, I feel nothing but pride. At 24, she has become a mature, beautiful and intelligent woman, one who sticks steadfastly to her principles and is never afraid to voice her opinion on a matter, while at the same time reserving a good heart and a gentle soul, the latter owing to her mother, no doubt. And she\u2019s marrying a man who even the most curmudgeonly future father-in-law would deem worthy, one who is almost my equal in his appreciation for the irreverent, and one who is making us all proud by making the ultimate sacrifice and serving his country in the Armed Forces.\nOn a recent visit with a young Georgia farmer, I noticed a photograph on his desk of three precious little girls. When I asked their ages, he picked up the picture, stared wistfully at it, and said, \u201cThey steal your heart.\u201d They do", "How has SportsCenter's coverage impacted NASCAR and motorsports since 2007", "What aspects of the book did the author appreciate, specifically regarding its setting and plot elements", "What disease does Catalyst Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s Firdapse treat and what is its significance in the context of FDA approval", "What were the flavor notes described by Plovmand for the beer they reviewed", "What types of job positions are currently available as mentioned in the text segment", "What is the new name of Colle Towing after its change of ownership", "Which team did Kings XI Punjab defeat to reach their first IPL final", "CEDAR GROVE \u2013 Cedar Grove-Belgium dropped only one set in going 5-0 to win its own volleyball tournament on Saturday.\nThe Rockets beat Kiel (25-4, 25-22), St. Francis (25-8, 25-8), Valders (25-10, 25-12), Kohler (25-4, 25-8) and Kewaskum (25-18, 21-25, 15-12) on the day.\nEllie Kaat led the Rockets with 51 kills, while also picking up seven aces. Liz Bruggink added 22 kills.\nAllie DeRuyter finished with 49 assists and 14 aces and Megan Gonwa chipped in 21 digs and 10 aces.\nGreen Bay NEW Lutheran 62, Elkhart Lake-Glenbeulah 26 (Sat.): Jared Shaw threw for two touchdowns and Troy Rebedew ran for a pair of scores but the Resorters fell short in the nonconference game.\nJared Shaw threw a 19-yard touchdown pass to Brennen Cain and then hit Cain for a 31-yard touchdown as Elkhart Lake-Glenbeulah trailed just 18-14 after the first quarter, but NEW Lutheran erupted for 30 points in the second quarter to break the game open.\nRebedew scored on runs off 21 and 7 yards in the fourth quarter and finished with a team-high 77 yards rushing. Cain finished with three catches for 52 yards.\nLake Country Lutheran Invitational (Sat.): Sheboygan Lutheran had three runners in the top 25 and finished fourth among 11 teams.\nJared Jurss led the Crusaders with a 12th-place finish, while Josh Leland was 23rd and Charlie Heim was 25th.\nThe Sheboygan Lutheran girls took fifth place with Liz Matz earnin", "What does the person think about the page 3 girls and Freedom of the Press", "What does the author wish they had done sooner regarding working with machines", "What are the predominant flavor notes described for the beers reviewed in the text", "ntent now suitable for the SportsCenter marathon.\nWhat the plethora of in-house experts and the forced presence of non-stories has done is eliminate sports that do not fit the SportsCenter mold. Such is the saga of NASCAR and motorsports in general. Since 2007 and the new eight-year NASCAR TV deal with ESPN, nothing has been a bigger disaster than the lack of consistent coverage on the network's flagship news program.\nHere at TDP, we have written story after story on the embarrassing and even comical manner in which the various SportsCenter anchors have tried to deal with NASCAR. Here are a few:\nSportsCenter Drops The NASCAR Ball from September of 2008\nWhy SportsCenter Hates NASCAR from June of 2011\nThis weekend both NASCAR and IndyCar ran Sunday races. The Indy 500 was featured on ABC while the Coke 600 was on FOX. Like many other Americans on holiday, I tuned into SportsCenter late Monday morning to watch the highlights and get the follow-up reporting on both races.\nDario Franchitti had won one of the most exciting Indy 500 races in years. This event is the jewel of the ESPN IndyCar TV package. The race featured a furious sequence of passing on the closing laps and a final lap crash that became the story of the race. ABC had left the coverage with many stories untold and missed showing many memorable images.\nSportsCenter had no Indy 500 highlights, no follow-up and never even referenced the event during the three hours of programming I recorded.\nPopular NASCAR driver Kasey Kahne had finally broken his run of bad luck and won in Charlotte. Danica Patrick dominated the pre-race publicity. Favorite Jimmie Johnson had trouble on pit road. There were stories throughout the field. ESPN carries the final 17 Sprint Cup Series races, including the entire Chase for the Championship.\nThe SportsCenter shows I recorded had no NASCAR highlights, no results and never referenced the race. Fans have told me an earlier AM version of the show had Rusty Wallace talking about the event. Wallace was in Bristol to appear on the 3PM Monday afternoon NASCAR Now program.\nIn 2011 some key ESPN staff members were taken on an \"immersion trip\" to the Charlotte Motor Speedway. Click here to read the story. This trip was not arranged because things were going well, but because it was very clear NASCAR's presence on SportsCenter and other ESPN programs continued to be a struggle.\nNow, one year later, my Monday SportsCenter experience included Steven A. Smith loudly debating NBA topics, extended analysis in May about the NFL season and a Top Plays feature that did not show the Indy 500 finish.\nThe unwatchable hour is alive and well. Perhaps that immersion was not quite deep enough.\nWe invite your opinion on this topic. Comments may be moderated prior to posting.", "nish.\nFrom the stairs, follow the loop trails in a counter clockwise direction, passing the Elusive Edge, Blazing Buttress, Grassy Glades the Euphorium. Shortly after the Morning Glory wall the main trail heads left. A well beaten trail heads slightly right and downward to Claim-It-All, easily identified by it's red stained cliffs. The wall is split into three sections, south, centre and north. Descents from all routes are by rappel or lowering off the top anchors. Check for anchor wear before considering being lowered off.\n(a) Click Wiki Edit This Page to get placed in edit mode\n(b) When finished, your update is available to view as draft (click wiki update pending in trail to see draft)\n* note: editors are notified and must approve the chang", "SFTP requires that a SSH key be installed on the server to operate correctly. It is required to have an SSH key installed for the application to start up. Below are steps you can take to generate the needed key on a windows system.\n- Open a terminal"]}