{"q_indices": [11, 56, 63, 48, 100, 97, 26, 77, 62, 17, 5, 53, 50, 18, 75, 61, 94, 34, 70, 12, 42, 123, 6, 8, 105, 36, 81, 99, 93, 124, 28, 96, 59, 80, 125, 40, 29, 27, 64, 119, 51, 85, 57, 38, 35, 37, 68, 112, 122, 49, 106, 113, 95, 76, 7, 52, 22, 55, 86, 109, 126, 79, 39, 65], "a_indices": [25, 103, 54, 31, 127, 58, 110, 15, 66, 121, 10, 67, 43, 111, 46, 120, 71, 30, 92, 16, 74, 24, 41, 20, 60, 115, 33, 114, 72, 21, 44, 4, 1, 108, 107, 84, 118, 45, 101, 47, 82, 102, 87, 19, 116, 78, 3, 88, 23, 98, 0, 13, 89, 90, 73, 117, 14, 91, 69, 104, 9, 32, 2, 83], "texts": ["This set of tactile emotion stones has been developed especially for young learners. The set has all the charm of our bestselling Emotion Stones and includes eight large stones that are perfect for small hands to explore. Featuring the four emotions that young children most readily identify and ex", "If you\u2019ve spent much time around any youth sports\u2014from baseball to soccer to junior rodeo\u2014you\u2019ve seen it: Parents wanting their child to win more than that child does.\nWhile that dilemma is problematic in any pursuit, in equine sports, it can be flat dangerous.\n\u201cFor one, everybody wants to win,\u201d Casey Branquinho, our SafeStart expert and California cow-horse trainer, said. \u201cI see parents over-mount their young kids because they want to be competitive, and the kid is hanging on for dear life with the horse just doing whatever it does. Unless you\u2019re a professional horse trainer or trying to make the NFR, this is supposed to be fun. If your kid is intimidated and cannot pull the horse to a stop, it\u2019s not fun. That goes for any age, really.\u201d\n[SHOP: Get a Resistol RideSafe]\n(As an Amazon Associate, we earn from qualifying purchases made through affiliate links.)\nSure, there are kids who somehow gentle-down a sale-barn find that bucked off every previous owner, or youth who beat up on all the professionals at the big shows, but those are the exception, not the rule.\nOvermounting kids can have lasting negative side effects, Branquinho said, but still many parents fall for this too-common trap.\nThe Problems with Overmounting\n1. Injury. \u201cSome people selling horses will tell parents \u2018Your kid can grow into this horse.\u2019 But that\u2019s rarely the case. Kids\u2019 horses should be slow, steady, and enjoyable. If a kid is intimidated by a horse, then it\u2019s too much horse. In every situation, the kid should be able to pull the horse to a s", "Dedicated to providing the ultimate tournament experience.\nOur goal is for every player that competes, as well as every parent or fan that visits to leave our events enjoying the ce", "Mart 28, 2021\nFinding Used Beautiful Brazilian Women At Storage Income\nIt is feasible that our sample over-represents women who\u2019re looking for a constructive childbirth experience. Nonetheless, Brazilian girls who participated in the SoB intervention and had lower income were more doubtless to not use the start plan or have midwife care during childbirth. More years of formal education within the SoB research was associated with using a start plan, freedom of mobility during labor, and freedom of choice of supply place. Increasing women\u2019s knowledge is part of the trail to promote a optimistic childbirth expertise. However, it should be accomplished while simultaneously working with institutions/hospitals and health professionals to overcome the barriers identified.\nWhen Marielle Franco was assassinated, Malunguinho, then a well-regarded Afro-Brazilian and LGBTQ chief, decided to run for state congress as a member of the Socialism and Liberty Party, the political get together that Franco represented. Maria da Penha, a womens\u2019 rights activist, helped to cross a legislation that elevated punishments for domestic abuse offenders, created specialized courts for these crimes and opened 24-hour shelters for survivors. Her activism stems from the two murder makes an attempt she suffered that left her paraplegic. Her ex-husband, the wrongdoer within the attacks, eluded prison for more than 19 years because of systemic faults within the judicial systems that favored the perpetrators in domestic abuse circumstances. Da Penha took her case to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, which dominated in her favor. Decades earlier than Dilma Rousseff became Brazil\u2019s first girl president, the young militant joined urban Marxist guerrilla teams that rebelled in opposition to the military dictatorship that took over after the 1964 coup d\u2019etat.\nThe Unadvertised Facts Into Brazilian Girls That Many People Do not Know About\nA poorer classification of a woman\u2019s sexual life is related together with her having used natural cures to deal with menopausal signs. Guajajara said the indigenous women had been mobilizing to repel the newest chapter in a centuries-long try to wipe out the descendants of those who inhabited what grew to become Brazil when Portuguese colonizers arrived in 1500. \u201cWhat we\u2019re dwelling via now isn\u2019t any totally different from what we\u2019ve all the time confronted when it comes to this extermination effort. We\u2019ve seen centuries of violence, spilled blood, rape and enslavement \u2013 and now all of this is being officially professed by the federal government.\nReuters, the information and media division of Thomson Reuters, is the world\u2019s largest multimedia news provider, reaching billions of individuals worldwide every single day. Reuters supplies enterprise, financial, nationwide and international information to professionals through desktop terminals, the world\u2019s media organizations, trade occasions and directly to customers. In Brazil, the adolescent fertility price (births per 1,000 girls ages 15-19) has steadily decreased for the rationale that beginning of this century. However, it stays slightly above the average degree for Latin America and the Caribbean, sixty seven.7 in 2013, in accordance with a 2015 World Bank survey. As in the rest of Latin America, the gap in labor pressure participation between men and women has modified little over the past decade in Brazil. The report states that since 2005, Brazilian women\u2019s labor pressure participation rose only one proportion point.\nWhere To Find Hot Brazilian Women On the web\nWomen on this examine have systematically described institutional obstacles to utilizing the intrapartum EBP, reinforcing that the target conduct is not entirely under their control. Nevertheless, lack of expertise, need for extra info, disbelief, and perceived low-self-efficacy have been additionally limitations reported by the identical girls, indicating that their intention to carry out a conduct is impacted by their perceived behavior control. Perceived conduct management could be described because the women\u2019s perceived self-efficacy or confidence of their capacity to carry out the behavior . Use of intrapartum evidence-based practices among ladies in the Senses of Birth intervention who participated within the follow-up survey, by type of hospital, sort of birth, and parity. In Brazil, nationwide studies about using maternal care EBP are limited. The Birth in Brazil Survey, a nationwide hospital-based research that interviewed over 23,000 moms and reviewed hospital records on stay births between 2011 and 2012, discovered that solely 3.4% of stay births utilized best practices really helpful by the WHO throughout labor and childbirth .\nWe must get out of those old laws and customs that have been created", "r of social organization and is characterized by a transition from state-created money to bank-created money.\nThink about that for a moment. Capitalism is about bank-created money! For thousands of years, the state, for better or worse, controlled three monetary prerogatives discussed above. The state created money by spending it into existence and guaranteed its value by levying taxes in the unit of account in which it spent. Beginning around the twelfth century, however, states began to expand beyond what their power to tax could justify and so they asked private merchants for loans. (See Brown 2013, p.111, and Davies 2002, p.261.) Slowly but surely, states lost the majority of their power to create money and the seigniorage benefit that came with that creation. States only kept the power to determine the unit of account. But with that power came the responsibility to manage the stability of the unit of account.\nThere has been precious little discussion on ending or reigning in the commercial banking industry\u2019s money-creation power.\nIt is this strange conflict of interest with which this paper is most concerned. The state is forced to ensure a stable dollar, but it isn\u2019t able to determine how\u2014or for what\u2014dollars enter society. So while much of the discussion surrounding the Green New Deal concerns ending or reigning in capitalism, there has been precious little discussion on ending or reigning in the commercial banking industry\u2019s money-creation power.\nWhile capitalism is often thought of as the private accumulation of surplus, the manner in which that accumulation is enabled is often ignored. Commercially created money means that production surpluses remain within the private sector. Were the state to take back the power to create money, and the seigniorage benefit that comes with such creation, it would severely limit the extent to which the private sector could accumulate surplus. In fact, nationalizing money creation would align the right of the state to create money with the responsibility it bears to manage money\u2019s stability.\nPerhaps most importantly, by regaining the monetary prerogative, the state could influence the direction of the economy by spending and lending money into existence in accordance with its goals. In the case of the Green New Deal, these goals would be social justice and environmental sustainability. This would mean that the tenets of the Green New Deal\u2014from healthcare and education to healthy food and sustainable energy\u2014would become structural components of a just and sustainable economy and not simply regulatory mechanisms of an extractive capitalism.\nThe Green New Deal, as currently written, is an end-of-pipe regulatory framework that relies upon taxing bank-created money to finance social and environmental spending.\nThis is a huge difference! By avoiding a discussion of a nationalized money supply, the Green New Deal, as currently written, is an end-of-pipe regulatory framework that relies upon taxing bank-created money to finance social and environmental spending. A nationalized money supply would transform government spending into the monetary creation mechanism and embed justice and sustainability as hallmarks of how we manage our national economy.\nJoe Ament, PhD, is an ecological economist at The University of Vermont whose research explores monetary theory and policy in the context of socio-ecological equity.", "What warning did Fumi Sensei give Cheesie and Shiori about the catwalk lesson", "What role do heterotrimeric G proteins play in the asymmetric cell division of neuroblasts and SOP cells in Drosophila", "What types of service projects did Juniata College students participate in during their spring break", "How do defects in G protein complexes affect spindle orientation and asymmetric cell divisions", "As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.\n1. NIXFACE #ad\nNIXFACE FlagPole Mount Bracket Fit for Balcony Railing,Flag Pole Holder No Drilling #adNIXFACE #ad\n- Not put holes in your homeYou needn't to drill holes anywhere and you can move this if necessary. Easily-install&easily-removeNo tools required, Just tight 4 screws, Installation is completed in minutes.\nFlag pole clamp materialsmade of heavy gauge solid steel, Finished in black powder coating, resist dust and corrosion. Exactly what your need for your particular balcony structureFlag pole clamp design up or down 45 degree clamp design, Great for Mounting Torches, Save Space, Flagpoles etc.\nHolds the flag at the perfect angle and best of all even in strong wind. Adapt widelyflag pole mount bracket perfect for apartment balcony railing, front porch metal trellis, RV etc. An easy way to display the flag.\n2. LO RUBA #ad\nLO RUBA Railing Flag Holder No Drill Deck Mount Flag Pole Bracket, with No Drilling Or Tools Needed., Boats, Black Heavy Duty Flagpole Clamp Ideal for Porch & Fence Rail, RV Ladder, Apartment Balcony #adLO RUBA #ad\n- The clamp-on mount flagpole holder is exactly what you need for a temporary flag pole mount that requires no drilling and can be easily relocated any time you wish.\nMade from high quality black powder coated metal, with a square shape for longevity and strength to withstand strong winds. The deck bracket mount flagpole holder is powder coated for high resistance to dust and corrosion. Quick and easy to instal and uninstall, using durable stainless steel wingnuts, with no drilling required.\nComes complete with a complementary Snowflake Multi-Tool with 19 different uses for added convenience. Adaptable set up options on porches, RV Ladders, fences, rails, apartment Balconies, boats or trucks with a perfect angle for the ideal display with no drilling required. Sturdy wingnuts to keep your flag secure.\n|Brand||LO RUBA #ad|\n|Manufacturer||LO RUBA #ad|\n3. enrybia #ad\n2 In 1 Solar Powered Flagpole Lights for House Wall Mount, Garden, Adjustable Metal Clamps Fits 2-6'' Flag Poles, Landscape, Solar Flag Pole Light, 5 Super-Bright LEDs, Waterproof Outdoor Dusk to Dawn #adenrybia #ad\n- The unique design of this flag light shows your patriotism and can be used memorial day patriot day Constitution Day and Air Force Day decorations, 4th of july decor, independence day decor and other festivals. Please push the switch to ON before installation.\nYou don't need to be an electrician to achieve professional-quality results! Alternatively, you can use the included screws to mount the unit to a wall. If not, press the button once to set it ON. It can light about 10 to 12 meters about 30-40FT.\nAdjustable light & solar panel. Greatly improving the stability of outdoor lighting and long-term use. Easy installation, as far as tall flagpoles are concerned, you are suggested to mount the flag light 4 to 5 feet from ground level with the adjustable metal strap fits 2-6\u2019 flag poles.\nYou can also adjust the solar panel angle for optimum sun exposure. It is powered by by the High conversion 5. 5 volt Solar Panel. Adjust the light angle to illuminate the perfect spot. Enrybia flag pole light built-in 2500mah rechargeable battery with 5 big ultra-bright energy efficient bulbs. It can keep displaying your flag up to 10 hours at night.\n4. enrybia #ad\nIP65 Waterproof Outdoor Solar Powered Flagpole Lights, 3 Super-Spotlights LEDs, 360 Degrees of Flag Illumination Flag Ground House, Adjustable Metal Clamps Fits 2-6''Flag Poles, Solar Flag Pole Light #adenrybia #ad\n- Face down or cover the solar panel, it's ON if light up. 60 seconds installationnew improved hardware to mount to all pole shapes, 4th of july decor, designed to fit up to a 6\" in diameter flagpole. The light and the solar panel mount independently from each other. Waterproof & durableour solar flagpole light made of high quality ABS and IP65 Waterproof technology, snow, frost, have good sealing performance, heat.\nAttention: it is water resistant, can withstand all kinds of weather such as rain, but do not directly immerse it into water. New upgrade solar flagpole lightenrybia solar flag pole lights have a built-in 4400mAh solar rechargeable battery and super spotlight led energy efficient bulbs, which is the brightest flag light in the market.\nPlease press the switch before installation. Convenient mounting options. Versatile solar flagpole lightthe flag pole light feature with 3 spot lights, you can arrange any distance from each lamp light that allows for 360 degrees of flag illumination, telescopic flag pole, The solar flag light unit can be used as up light for illumination house tangle-free flag pole, residential wall mounted spinning flag pole of a flag or down light to beautifully display a flower bed below.\nThe unique design of this flag light shows your patriotism and can be used memorial day labor patriot day decorations, independence day decor and other festivals. If not, press the button once to set it ON. Modes to save energythe solar flagpole light cutting-edge sensor equipped to detect the right time to auto-active shining when it is dark. After a full sunny day of charging, it can work up to 12 hours at night.\n5. RAYSLIT #ad\nSola", "Part 1 here.\nDon\u2019t have time to do a summary yet. Will definitely update a translation if i do!\n0:15 Cheesie and Shiori went fo catwalk lessons with Fumi Sensei the day before TGC. Fumi sensei told them that it would be a super strict lesson today and ask them not to cry because he hates that the most. (T___T And then he purposely go and m", "What changes can be expected in the 2015 Toyota Tundra compared to the previous model", "Why is regular sewer line cleaning important for maintaining property value", "perience \u2013 happy, sad, surprised, and angry, the set includes two examples of each feeling so that you can use them for matching activities. Durable and washable, they are cast from our unique stone mix and can be used outdoors and in sand and water.\nEach stone measures approximately 70mm. Age 2+.", "Returning home from the G1 Summit, I felt a little languid because of a lack of sleep. I felt uncomfortable in the stomach, too, because I had consumed a little too much alcohol. But a pleasant sense of emptiness filled my heart in the wake of my release from the extreme tension. In a state of dim consciousness after the feast, I viewed countless tweets that appeared under the \u201c#G1summit\u201d hash tag on my Twitter site. They reminded me of each and every scene at the G1 Summit, the faces of those who took the platform, and thoughts that crossed the minds of people who attended this gathering.\nPreparing for the G1 Summit while running my main business demanded an effort that far and away exceeded my expectations. I made preparations for this years\u2019 G1 Summit with a strong desire to make all sessions there better than their counterparts at Davos. The third G1 Summit was a major success, thanks to a large number of people who chose to get involved, including presenters, other participants, board members, sponsors, and Hoshino Resort. I would like thank these many supporters and in a loud voice declare this gathering a success.\nI decided to look back on things that the impressed me, and write about them in random order in this column, keeping my head as cool as possible while enjoying the sustained sense of exaltation the event gave me.\n1) Listening to speeches and discussions at this year\u2019s G1 Summit sessions on finance, foreign relations, national defense, social welfare, and regional Japan, I realized Japan was in a serious situation, far more than I had previously understood. Yoshiko Sakurai used the word, \u201c120 million irresponsible people,\u201d to describe the present state. I felt strongly Japanese people must take resolute actions from now on.\nKazuhiko Toyama from the Industrial Growth Platform talked about a \u201ctest of endurance.\u201d Continuous public statements and actions change current when their supporters exceed 50% of total population. A current always changes its course when leaders make steady arguments and take firm actions. Endurance is necessary, though.\n2) In the meantime, I\u2019m ashamed to admit I had only thought of myself as a \u201cnext-generation leader\u201d up to this year\u2019s G1 Summit. I strongly felt the need to recognize that G1 Summit participants are already in a position to lead reforms in Japan.\nThis strong feeling arose in my heart through the course of a dialogue I had with G1 Summit participants in their 20s and 30s. Their earnest wish reminded me strongly the need for us to stand up and take actions now. In fact, some of my friends in politics are already at the center of the Japanese government. Other friends who chose political careers occupy the position of prefectural governors now. The era in which we must take responsibility for Japan\u2019s future has already arrived.\n3) I opened the G1 Summit to reports on the Twitter and in blogs, starting from this year. I could feel this step gave tens of thousands of Twitter users a chance to take part in this meeting and exchange their opinions, along with the 180 people who attended the event live. I felt connected with them in the same way as I feel connected to those of you who are reading this column as an email or blog entry now. I introduced the tweets made by some of the followers at the closing session. The sense of empathy many people had expressed made me truly glad.\nWe insisted on doing things in secrecy so that we could devote the G1 Summit to efforts to build a core G1 community on the first two occasions. From this year, we made the details of this gathering accessible to the public in principle in a bid to expand the community beyond 180 live participants. I\u2019m planning to open certain G1 Summit sessions to reports through Niko Niko Douga and USTREAM video-sharing services next year. My policy is to make the meeting more accessible.\nI kept tweeting throughout the G1 Summit term, finding time between my jobs managing programs, welcoming and sending off guests, and paying courtesy visits to all presenters. I could connect with many people through the tweets I had made. I had a gut feeling that my tweets produced a \u201cforum for expressing sympathy\u201d in cyberspace.\n4) Further, the G1 Summit was a sharp reminder that Japan has brilliant intellectuals and leaders. Three intellectual giants, namely, Ikujiro Nonaka, Seigo Matsuoka, and Hiroshi Tasaka, impressed me with their wisdom and thoughts. Yoshiko Sakurai shared her soul-stirring words. And political and business leaders among the participants displayed high levels of awareness and knowledge. Those speakers demonstrated a higher quality than their counterparts at Davos.\nSo why are things not going well in Japan? Things are not going well because the communication needed to generate followers has been impossible for leaders in different fields, in the absence of a place where they can exchange their opinions informally. Things are not going smoothly because a place that Nonaka calls a forum for expressing sympathy has not been established. But things will be alright from this point. There will be no need for worry, because the G1 Summit and direct media, such as Twitter and blogs, will play the role of a forum for expressing empathy.\n5) Lastly, I realized Japan has many values that should be cherished, in addition to its brilliant intellectuals and leaders. I kept thinking about \u201cthings to pass down, things to change, and things to create anew\u201d as I listened to sessions at this year\u2019s G1 Summit. \u201cThings to pass down and things to change\u201d were easy to imagine. But I could not find \u201cthings to create anew.\u201d I couldn\u2019t find such things probably because all the factors needed for the future had been assembled at the meeting already.\nOn this point, one thought occurred to me suddenly. They may be \u201cthings that should be brought back anew,\u201d instead of \u201cthings to create anew.\u201d It was a point all three intellectual giants and Yoshiko Sakurai maintained in a consistent manner.", "machine's IP address.\n- A list of TCP and UDP ports that need to be forwarded.\nHow to find your router's IP Address\nThe easiest way to locate your router's IP address is to run our free Router Detector utility. It's a part of the Network Utilities suite of tools and it's completely free to use.\nHow To Forward Ports\nA smart way to forward your ports is to use Network Utilities. Since Network Utilities allows you to both forward and un-forward ports easily you can keep your network security maximized, and then forward ports only when you need them. Alternatively you can do it by hand.\nThe process for forwarding a port is generally:\n- Open a web browser and navigate to your router's IP address.\n- Locate your routers port forwarding section.\n- Put the IP address of your computer or gaming console in the appropriate box in your router.\n- Put the TCP and UDP ports for your game in the corresponding boxes in your router.\n- Intermittently you have to reboot your router for the changes to take effect.\nPorts To Forward for Initial 2: New Stage\nThe ports that need to be forwarded in your router for Initial 2: New Stage are as follows:\nInitial 2: New Stage - Steam\n- TCP: 27015-27030, 27036-27037\n- UDP: 4380, 27000-27031, 27036\nInitial 2: New Stage - Xbox One\n- TCP: 3074\n- UDP: 88, 500, 3074, 3544, 4500\nWe have guides that are custom tailored for Initial 2: New Stage that will show you the incoming ports that need to be forwarded.\nThat's all it takes to open your ports. Want more? Check out our growing list of games and applications", "g in increased energy consumption and decreased efficiency. You can prevent the buildup of materials that cause pipe blockages by scheduling regular sewer line cleaning services with a professional plumber. Professional cleaning methods like hydro jetting and mechanical augering can effectively remove stubborn clogs in sewer pipes, restoring the system\u2019s efficiency. With improved wastewater flow, your sewer system consumes less energy, resulting in reduced utility bills.\nPreserving Property Value\nWhen it comes to maintaining the value of a property, most homeowners focus on visible aspects like landscaping, interior renovations, or curb appeal. However, regular sewer line cleaning is equally crucial in preserving property value and attracting potential buyers or tenants. A well-maintained sewer system ensures the functionality and efficiency of your property\u2019s plumbing infrastructure. Potential buyers or tenants consider the condition of the sewer system when evaluating a property. A clean and properly functioning sewer system eliminates the risk of unpleasant odors, backups, or slow drainage, which can deter potential buyers.\nCompliance With Regulations\nMany jurisdictions have specific requirements and environmental standards that ensure sewer systems operate properly without causing damage to the environment and the general public. Sewer systems that are neglected or poorly maintained can contribute to water contamination, the spread of diseases, and environmental degradation. Scheduling regular sewer line cleaning services helps mitigate these risks by preventing blockages, backups, and sewage spills that can lead to contamination. By meeting regulatory requirements, you can help maintain a clean and healthy environment and avoid penalties, fines, and legal consequences resulting from non-compliance.\nAt Root Scooter Plumbing, we utilize state-of-the-art equipment and industry-leading techniques to provide top-tier plumbing services to our clients. Contact our team in Ocala, FL about sewer line maintenance services", "What subjects did the student have internal assessments and written assignments for", "What type of supplemental services does the PETI school provide for children in the favela", ", PLDA has sold over 100 PCI Express licenses and offers two families of PCI Express IP that support x1, x4, and x8 lanes for root port, endpoint, bridge, and switch configurations. The best-selling IP for PCI-X / PCI (PLDA was ranked #1 PCI vendor by Gartner Dataquest, 2005) includes a client list of over 1,000 satisfied customers worldwide. Learn More\nJoin PLDA for the Embedded Systems Conference (ESC) in San Jose, CA, the 4-6 of April (booth 3132), for a demonstration of all of its IP Cores (including the x8 250MHz solution) and to learn more about its prototyping boards, or visit them online at www.plda.com\n. To learn more about Tehuti Networks 10 Gigabit Ethernet TCP/IP Accelerator, please visit www.tehutinetworks.net\n. About PLDA\nPLDA designs and sells a wide range of ASIC and FPGA interfacing solutions for the PCI and derivative markets (PCI Express, PCI-X, and PCI). The company has offices in the US and Europe and an international distribution network. It offers complete solutions, including IP cores, hardware, software, consulting services, and comprehensive technical support provided directly by the IP designers. For additional information about PLD Applications, please visit www.plda.com\nTehuti Networks is a semiconductor company that offers innovative system-on-a chip (SoCs) solutions for accelerating TCP/IP in 10 Gigabit Ethernet networks.\nTehuti Networks' Network Traffic Accelerators (NTAs) operate similarly to a basic MAC, but boost network performance by up to 5 times with minimal impact on system cost, power and footprint. NTAs are OS transparent and integrate seamlessly into servers, appliances and Ethernet storage devices. Tehuti Networks has offices in Austin, Texas, Herzliya, Israel and Taipei, Taiwan.", "ic G protein complexes causes defects in spindle orientation and asymmetric localization of determinants. G\u03b1i is colocalized and associated with Pins, a protein that induces the release of the \u03b2\u03b3 subunit and might act as a receptor-independent G protein activator. Thus, asymmetric activation of heterotrimeric G proteins by a receptor-independent mechanism may orient asymmetric cell divisions in different cell types.\nASJC Scopus subject areas\n- Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology(all)", "to direct the synthesis of viral proteins. The critical viral proteins that the messenger RNA must encode are those that coat the genome and those that help replicate the genome. One of the great surprises of modern virology has been the discovery of the variety of genetic systems that viruses have evolved to satisfy their needs. Among the animal viruses, at least 6 totally different solutions to the basic requirements of a virus have been found.\n- David Baltimore, \"Viruses, Polymerases and Cancer: Nobel Lecture\" (December 12, 1975", "What realization did the author have about Japan's leadership after attending the G1 Summit", "Dungeon lurk 2 \u2013 explore mysterious depths of a gloomy dungeon built by a dark sorcerer for his magic purposes. Together with a brave girl called Leona delve into dark underground mazes of this Android game. Free the souls captured in dungeon by a dark sorcerer. Reveal ancient secrets of this place. Solve different puzzles to path your way through the darkness. Fight different monsters and dark creatures. Avoid unexpected magical and mechanical traps. Clear the dungeon from evil.\nGreat 3D graphics\nGame on Google Play\nDownload Dungeon lurk 2 for PC Windows 7,8,10 and Laptop.\nTo Download Dungeon", "rders and workflow functions for Google Ad campaigns. \u201cIt streamlines the system,\u201d said McNutt, \u201cWe used it before, but not as diligently.\u201d\nReporting: More important than ever before\nFor McNutt, reporting has become a priority \u2014 making sure both team members and company stakeholders are aware of how campaigns are performing and the data being collected. He says an important factor that has now come into play is data-integration capabilities across the platforms they are using.\n\u201cThe ability to centralize data into one place helps our team work more efficiently. This also helps us better manage our resources in terms of the footprint of our marketing stack,\u201d said McNutt, \u201cWe try to optimize solutions and tools that work together and leverage the data they already provide so we can avoid building out a huge CDP.\u201d\nHe says some data integration capabilities may not go as deep as a point solution would be able to go, but they definitely get the job done. The challenge now is being able to unify large volumes of data and make it functional.\n\u201cWe\u2019re looking at ways we can automate manual tasks and evaluating manual processes for improvement so we can extract the most value from current investments and resources.\u201d\nInstead of building out stacks, the new rule of thumb is efficiency: Consolidating platforms and taking full advantage of available integrations and add-ons for your existing marketing tools. That also means reaching out to your current list of vendors to find out if there are any features being offered free of charge or at a discounted rate during the coming months. McNutt said he\u2019s currently giving TapClicks own tool away to existing customers for the next three to six months.\nThe post Marketing teams are finding out what their martech can do right now appeared first on Marketing Land", "2015 Toyota Tundra Concept Spy Shots\nAfter officially released the previous series, a lot of rumors circulating about the 2015 Toyota Tundra release date.\nToyota will release 2015 Toyota Tundra to the market but you better be patient because Toyota is still in process in making this car. All fans of Toyota will feel so happy with the great news from Toyota. What people can expect for this new Toyota Tundra? Some people say that the latest Toyota Tundra will just be made similar with 2014 Toyota Tundra or redesign the previous Tundra. Some experts also tell that there is no big change in the Toyota Tundra 2015. When Toyota wants to sell the new Toyota Tundra, it will become modification project only. When Toyota want to make best Toyota Tundra, it is better to know some things to be changed in their car so their car will become favorite car for all people.\nClear Changes for 2015 Toyota Tundra\nIn the new 2015 Toyota Tundra you will find some changes that will exist. Here are changes that you will get in the latest Toyota product: First, Toyota Tundra will use new trim package. The previous trim package will be evaluated and you will see the new tires and navigation system in the new Tundra. Toyota must think all things once again so all changes will give good affect for the car\u2019s performance. Second, there will be aerodynami", "What styles of play can a player experience when playing Initial 2: New Stage", "What types of treatments does The Beauty Lounge Salon and Med Spa offer to improve the skin's appearance", "How does the Green New Deal view money, and what role does the government play in managing the monetary system", "What is the purpose of the proceeds from The Giving Gig 2018 event", "ns may be surprised to see young children in restaurants in the evening because children are not usually taken out to restaurants late at night. And if they make a noise in public or in a restaurant it is considered very rude. In recent years children are playing a more active role and they are now accepted in many pubs and restaurants.\nIn recent years smoking has received a lot of bad publicity, and fewer British people now smoke. Many companies have banned smoking from their offices and canteens. Smoking is now banned on the London Underground, in cinemas and theaters and most buses. It's becoming less and less acceptable to smoke in a public place. It is considered rude or bad manners to smoke in someone's house without permission.\nSocial rules are an important part of our culture as they passed down through history. The British have an expression for following these \"unwritten rules\": \"When in Rome, do as the Romans do\"", "a secure message, stop by an experience center\nnear you or call us at 855.855.8805. To order checks with no changes, log in to Digital Banking\nand use the Check Services widget.", "r Flag Pole Light Outdoor Dusk to Dawn, 12 Bright LED 16 Hrs Lighting Adjustable Pole Clamp fit 2-6\u201d Diameter American Flag Poles Wall Mounted Solar Power Flagpole Light fit 15-30 Ft Inground Pole #adRAYSLIT #ad\n- Rayslit solar powered all-weather flag light which can resist any bad weather, rugged and heatproof, snow, does not accumulate water, and can be used for a long time without damage. Please feel free to contact us for any questions about the solar light. Upgraded high-conversion rate solar panel, collect and convert solar to electricity, it can operate continuously for up to 16 hours after full-charge.\n100% money-back guarantee and customer service. Face down or in the dark, it\u2019s ON if light up. Super bright solar flagpole spotlights: equipped with 12 super-bright lamp beads, 960 Lumens superior quality solar flag light, meet the flag lighting of wider range and longer distance.\nCompletely automatic daylight sensor automatically turns on at night and turns off when daylight returns. Please ensure the light is in the \u2018ON\u2019 mode with the \u2018ON/OFF\u2019 Switch before installation.\nEnsure that your flag is lit through fog, gloom, with high-capacity 4400mAh built-in rechargable battery, and the darkest hours of the night. Durable & ip65 weatherproof: premium cast aluminium light shell and adjustable tilt mounting bracket, wind, can withstand rain, ice and wet conditions. Designed for 15-30 feet pole height. Never worry about the flags are being cloaked in darkness, a dimly lit or unrecognizable flag again. Please note: charging for over 24 hours before installation for first time using.\n6. Luminar #ad\nOutdoor Flag Pole spot light Solar #adLuminar #ad\n- Illuminates for up to 15 hours. Light and Solar panel adjust to any angle. Clamps directly to the Flag pole can modifiy to fit any pole. Automatically turns on at dusk and off at dawn. Bright,, Spotlight Multiples elements.\n7. TAYLOR MADE PRODUCTS #ad\nTaylor Made Products 974, 1-1/8, 1-1/4 inch Rails, 1 inch Flag Staff, Flag Pole Socket #adTAYLOR MADE PRODUCTS #ad\n- Fits 1-1/8 - 1-1/4 inch rails, 1 inch Flag Staff. Designed to securely fasten to rails. Look great and provide years of service. Perpendicular to the rail.\n8. KSWLOR #ad\nKSWLOR Heavy Duty Flagpole Mount Bracket for Balcony Railing Truck Flag Pole Holder Clamp,Flag Pole Holder Bracket Wall Mounted,Horizontal and Vertical Railings Installation,Strong and Rust Free #adKSWLOR #ad\n- Multi installation methodsadjustable flagpole bracket is designed for different scenarios. It can be installed on a flat wall with screws, trucks, also can be installed on railing, street lights without drill the holes. Specifications&sizeflag pole bracket can be mounted on the wall/railing at an angle of 30 degrees, fits any flag pole which diameter less than 1.\n2 inch. Suitable for installing railings within 1. 8 inches. Rust free&durableflag pole holders made of premium metal and black powder coated finish, anti-rust and durable.\nThe heavy-duty flagpole holder can withstand all kinds of bad weather and keep the flagpole unshakable in strong winds. Package contentpackage including 1 flag pole bracket, 4 long screws for railing installation, 2 knob screws for securing the flag pole;2 V jaw block, 4 short black self-tapping screws and 4 wall anchors for wall mount installation.\nYou can enjoy your installation process. Widely usedflag pole holder can be installed in any place, walls, house porch, perfect for securing flag poles on your outdoor railing, the wooden pile, patio, or even your RVs and truck. Provide you an easy way to display the flag on Thanksgiving, Valentine's Day, Christmas, party, Mother's Day, birthday, roof, father's Day.\n9. KAEKAT #ad\nPrevents Slippage, Adjustable Flag Pole Bracket | Two Installation Methods, Rust Free Bracket With Rubber Pads, Metal Flag Pole Holder For House, 1\" Diameter, Balcony Railing, Scratches, Wall #adKAEKAT #ad\n- Protect surfaces - premium black rubber pads have a very sticky self-adhesive backing to ensure the pads stay in place. Heavy duty bracket - the powder coated finish assures it will not rust or flake. The adhesive black rubber pads are made of soft and eco-friendly silicone, scratches, prevents slippage, scrapes, paint streaks and other damage.\nAt either angle, your flag will look majestic mounted! Widely used -the kaekat metal flag pole bracket is suitable for multiple uses including for houses and garages, front porches, promotions, balcony railings, and gardens, as well as for businesses, meeting halls, and holidays.\nMulti angles design - the flag pole holder can be adjusted within a 180 degree range, you can either fly your flag horizontally at a right angle to your house, or fly it at an upward angle.\nDual use for wooden or metal flagpoles that is 1\" or less 1\" in diameter. What\u2019s more, the adjustable flag pole bracket is made of heavy duty Aluminum, extremely sturdy and durable enough to hold your flag without breaking especially during strong winds. Two installation methods - adjustable flag pole bracket is designed for different scenarios, decks, metal porch railings, such as balcony railings, etc, the first can be installed on Square railing using Bracket accessories, and the second can be installed on a flat wall with screws", "Petunias are among the most popular of garden flowers. They\u2019re easy to care for, inexpensive, and fill the garden with a large variety of colors all summer long. Unfortunately, those colorful blossoms die off quickly, leaving you the job of deadheading petunias. Do you have to deadhead petunias? Only if you want to avoid straggly green stems without blooms for at least half of the season. Keep your garden colorful and productive by deadheading your petunias.\nDo You Have to Deadhead Petunias?\nWhy remove spent petunia flowers? Plants live to reproduce themselves, and annuals, like petunias, create blooms to form new seeds. Once the bloom browns and falls off, the plant spends its energy creating a seed pod filled with seeds.\nIf you clip off the old bloom and the forming pod by deadheading, the plant will start the process all over again. Instead of a straggly stem", "How has the acceptance of children in restaurants changed in recent years", "What type of weapons were shown on the F-35B during the test flight on June 14", "What Vehicle from Chevrolet is mentioned in relation to Tesla's production delays", "What tests are being conducted on the Carrier Variant versions of the F-35", "What types of PCI Express IP does PLDA offer", "What is the main goal of the tournament experience described in the text", "What strategies are recommended for improving lead management and sales enablement capabilities", "In Drosophila, distinct mechanisms orient asymmetric cell division along the apical-basal axis in neuroblasts and along the anterior-posterior axis in sensory organ precursor (SOP) cells. Here, we show that heterotrimeric G proteins are essential for asymmetric cell division in both cell types. The G protein subunit G\u03b1i localizes apically in neuroblasts and anteriorly in SOP cells before and during mitosis. Interfering with G protein function by G\u03b1i overexpression or depletion of heterotrimer", "What changes have marketing teams, like McNutt's, implemented in their use of martech due to the shift to remote work and tightening budgets", "Now, I can\u2019t say that I am comfortable, but I would not trade our current life here for anything. Not anything. On the contrary, I feel so thankful that the Lord kept \u201cperturbing\u201d our hearts until we were finally willing to step out of our comfort zone and follow his leading. There just isn\u2019t anything so satisfying as being in the center of God\u2019s will.\n\u201cI tell you the truth,\u201d Jesus replied, \u201cno one who has left home or brothers or sisters or mother or father or children or fields for me and the gospel will fail to receive a hundred times as much in this present age (homes, brothers, sisters, mothers, children and fields\u2014and with them, persecutions) and in the age to come, eternal life.\u201d \u2013Mark 10:29-30\nOUR HOME HERE\nJust before we came here, we found out that there was a room for us in the church! That was really exciting news for us after having stayed at Fabio\u2019s parents house for three months. The church has only been in this building for about four months, so we were glad the Lord timed it so that we would arrive after they had a facility big enough to house us!\nOur little room gets more live-able and homey every day. When we got here, it was fine and clean, but very bare. It had a double bed, a single bed, and a crib (which I was extremely thankful for!), but that was it. Now, we have gotten a table and chairs, a shelf, bunk beds and a cabinet. They were all in horrendous condition when we first got them, and in the US we probably would have junked them. But here we were thankful for them and Fabio was able to saw a bit, paint a bit, put in a screw here and there and make them work. It sure makes a difference to have a place to put our things so we don\u2019t have to rummage through suitcases all the time. He also got a board, mounted it to the wall and put some nails in it for hooks so we have a place to hang some things.\nAbout the fourth night we were here, it rained really hard. In our room, it seemed that we didnt have a roof in some places, the rain was coming in so hard! We carried out bucket after bucket of water and tried to find things to sop up the rainwater with. I was glad it let up some around 11pm so we could sleep. The next morning, there was about an inch of rainwater in a pan I had left on the stove! The holes have been patched since then, though, and last night when it rained hard again, we stayed dry and cozy in our room. Thank you, Jesus!\nOur room has a bathroom off of it as well. It is getting much more homey too. \ud83d\ude42 A shower curtain, a curtain in the window, a couple of towel racks, and a mirror cabinet have made a world of difference. But even more than those things was the shower improvements. When we arrived, our \u201cshower\u201d was a pipe sticking out of the wall. The only temperature was COLD (the temp we longed for in Santos!). There is no shower stall or divider of any kind, and with no shower curtain, the entire bathroom got soaked when we showered. We showered and cowered, mostly because there was no curtain in the window either! hehe. Water heaters don\u2019t exist here, but shower heads are available which heat the water as it passes through. On about the fifth day here, Fabio installed one of those and we are now able to shower far more comfortably. This is the before pic and I was SURE I had an after pic, but I can\u2019t find it for the life of me, so I will have to post it later\u2026\n\u201cLet your conduct be without covetousness, and be content with such things as you have.\u201d Hebrews 13:5\nThere is another guy who lives up here, down the hall. His name is Nelson (in the pic above with Fabio). He also has an eight-year-old daughter who is here about half of the time. We share a little kitchenette with him up here. It is pretty primitive, but I am very thankful for it. It was also rather filthy, but I got it scrubbed into shape! He didn\u2019t cook much other than ramen noodles and coffee, so it was not well stocked with much of anything, but we got a couple of boxes of kitchen things donated here to the church last week, and I scored a spatula, a ladel, a cutting board and a few other things that have made a world of difference!\nThis is our flashy fridge which is on its last leg \u2013 an Electrolux from about 1960 I think! It has a little freezer box on the inside which was totally frozen over. We thought the fridge was not working right because it needed to be defrosted, so I set about that task a few days ago. It did not help. Not only does the freezer box not freeze anything, but the fridge doesnt get very cold either, so things spoil really fast. I sure miss ice and ice cream and really, really cold water! Either way, God is good!\n\u201cBetter is little with the fear of the Lord, than great treasure and trouble therewith.\u201d Proverbs 15:16\nDownstairs live another family of leaders in the church, Claudio and Paula and their two daughters, Nicole (8) and Adriele (5). The main kitchen is down there too, where we have a community lunch every day, usually cooked by Paula. I need to get some pictures of them.\nThe temperature here in Cambori\u00fa is far more comfortable \u2013 more like summer in Chicago. A couple days it has gotten up to about 100 degrees (38 C), and that is when I realized that I have gotten somewhat acclimated to the heat, because on those days, I just thought, \u201cHmm, a fan would be nice\u201d, but it really didn\u2019t seem that hot compared to what we had to deal with in Santos. \ud83d\ude42\nRemember Vamilson, from other posts? He has been a big part of our lives here, especially Fabio\u2019s. He stays here every day from early in the morning until evening, to work and eat and stay clean (off drugs), and most importantly, to be discipled from the Word of God. So it is mainly Fabio who is with him all day long, working together, and having Bible studies in the morning and evening.\nWhen he was still on drugs, he got shot in the arm once. He had lost most feeling in his arm and hand due to nerve damage from the wound. The doctor wanted to do surgery, to remove a section of nerve from his leg and replace the one in his arm which was damaged. He was scared about having surgery, and asked the church to pray for him Sunday night. Monday afternoon, Fabio and another guy went with him to the hospital, and the doctor could not believe that he had regained feeling in his arm and hand! He said he wanted to do more tests because he could not believe just his naked eyes, but we know that Jesus has healed him!\nTHE HOMELESS LOVE FABIO\nSince we came here, we have been staying up late most nights pacing the veranda and praying for this area, this neighborhood, the people we see walking by, and the ministry of the church. More and more we are feeling that our hearts are being drawn to the streets, rather than a teaching or preaching ministry inside the church. And as we pray, suddenly many people have started to come to th", "by Joe Ament\nThe Green New Deal is perhaps the most audacious plan to ever seriously address the grave social and environmental challenges we face. By identifying \u201csystemic injustice,\u201d the plan is sweeping in its scope. Yet, while the plan discusses public banks in a reference to adequate capital, the plan fails to see the commercial banking sector as one of the structural causes of, and impediments to solving, the problems we face. Importantly, the Green New Deal fails to articulate exactly why a nationalized banking system is critical to the success of the programs its proposes.\nMoney is created in modern economies when commercial banks extend interest-bearing loans to individuals and corporations. The money in those loans does not exist before the loan is generated but is created when the bank marks up the borrower\u2019s checking account. This is in stark contrast to the general notion that money is a finite resource, such as gold, that is allocated to its best economic use by the Central Bank.\nWhen money is created by the private sector in the manner discussed above, it is seen as a private resource. Accordingly, public use of money for government spending is viewed as wasteful expenditure rather than productive investment. In the case of the Green New Deal, the massive price tag is seen as cannibalizing the productive private sector. It is for this reason that opponents of the Green New Deal argue that it will hurt the economy, and its proponents argue to \u201cfinance\u201d the plan by moving money from one sector to another, e.g. from Wall Street to Main Street.\nMoney is a social relation. It is an abstract measure of what we all owe to one another.\nMoney, however, is not a private resource. And it is not a finite commodity. Money is a social relation. It is an abstract measure of what we all owe to one another. Think of it as a tally of everything you owe and are owed, for all the work you do and all the purchases you make. Now extrapolate that to the whole country, let the government manage it\u2014just like it does with laws and other contracts\u2014and you\u2019ve got a monetary system!\nThe role of the government is crucial in managing the money system. Since money is a social relation, the government is responsible for the money system. Think of what happened in the Great Depression, the Savings and Loan crisis, and the 2008 Financial Crisis: the government always stepped in to repair the money system. And as guarantor of the social relation, it always will.\nMonetary theorists understand the government\u2019s monetary prerogative in three ways. First is the government\u2019s ability to choose the unit of account that is used in the country\u2014dollars in the United States and Canada. Second is the government\u2019s ability to issue those units of account into circulation. Third is the benefit of first use that comes with issuing money. This last right is called seigniorage and can be thought of as the profit of creating money above the cost of printing and distributing that money.\nMoney has existed as a state-managed tally of owing and being owed (of credits and debts in theoretical parlance) for thousands of years. In fact, a lot of evidence suggests that such monetary systems existed for thousands of years before coins and markets\u2014and might even be the reason humans began to settle in the first place! (See Money: The Unauthorized Biography.) Capitalism is a relatively new manne", "s we offer and our staff is extremely knowledgeable and professional. They are trained and certified with backgrounds in field of medicine, aesthetics, and cosmetology.\nThe Beauty Lounge Salon and Med Spa is a combination of a high-end doctor\u2019s office and lavish oasis. The guest\u2019s journey on a personal path to peace and beauty, inside and out, for your body, mind and soul. Guests experience a type of rejuvenation unavailable at traditional salons and medical spas. These noninvasive treatments are proven to noticeably improve the skin\u2019s appearance; from massages, body wraps, facials, eyelash extensions, waxing, nail care, makeup, hair and medi-spa services. What sets us apart is our ability to create natural results that fit any budget in addition to our commitment to ensuring you receive a wonderful experience with world class customer service.\nTreat yourself to our beverage center or relax in our meditation area, alone or with friends. Drift off into another world in the lounge\u2019s haven where beauty and well-being intersect.", "Custom Wedding Cards - CZC-9013BG\nCamera View (Video colors and Camera View colors are closer to actual cards. Logos, Initials & text are printed to give them a more realistic look.) Anything extra other than Card constituent's section, which is shown on the video or on camera view, is not part of standard product. It is always advisable to see actual samples to get feel of paper texture and colors.\n|Code : CZC-9013BG|\nUS $ 2.57\nExtravagant invitation presents b", ".\nTyra left the reigns to the 27-year-old singer last year, but soon decided she wanted to return - leaving Rita out of a job.\nShe ducked out graciously though, tweeting for her fans to welcome Tyra back.\nJ Alexander (series 1-13)\nDiva Miss J is a former model, who fell into runway coaching after being spotted giving his fellow catwalk stars tips backstage.\nHe went on to coach supermodel Naomi Campbell and Kimora Lee Simmons, who also judged series 1 of ANTM, as well as Tyra herself.\nJ coached Tyra's wannabe models for four series before she made him a panellist.\nHe got his nickname from cycle 1 contestant Robin Manning, who often confused him with fellow judge Jay Manuel - and used to call him 'Miss J' because of his flamboyant outfits.\nMiss J still appeared on the show up until the end of series 18, as a runway coach, but then was fired because of the show's plummeting ratings. Nigel Barker and Jay also got the chop.\nJ handmade all of his clothes on ANTM - with the exception of one nurse's outfit.\nHe previously revealed: \"All the dresses that you see me wear at the challenges, I actually sit down with a needle and thread, not even with a sewing machine, and make them all by hand.\n\"I made the ruffles and everything.\"\nJ has a son called Boris, with his ex-boyfriend. He now splits his time between Paris, France and New York - and published a book in 2010.\nNigel Barker (series 2-18)\nBritish photographer Nigel Barker was a familiar face on ANTM for eight years - until budget cuts saw him sent packing.\nThe 46-year-old originally wanted to study medicine, but fell into modelling when his mum, a former Miss Sri Lanka beauty queen, entered him in TV model search The Clothes Show.\nThe 6ft 4in hunk had a 10-year career in modelling before becoming a photographer.\nAfter being let go from ANTM, Nigel went on to direct several acclaimed documentaries and did cameos on shows like Ugly Betty.\nSince 2017, he's been a judge on Holland's Next Top Model, and its spin-off show Curvy Supermodel.\nNigel lives in New York with his wife, model and CoverGirl representative Cristen Chin, and kids Jack and Jasmine.\nMORE WHERE ARE THEY NOW?\nJay Manuel (series 1-18)\nLong before Drew Elliot broke the internet with Kim Kardashian's champagne glass Paper cover, Jay Manuel was the creative director on ANTM.\nThe 45-year-old featured on every series until his shock sacking - and went on to release a clothing line called Attitude with Sears Canada.\nThe esteemed make-up artist, who's worked as a stylist for Tyra, Naomi Campbell, Kim Cattrall, David Bowie, J-Lo and Rupert Everett, to name a few, launched Jay Manuel Beauty in 2014.\nThe brand's aim is to give an Instagram filter finish, without photo editing.\nJay was also a judge for the Miss Universe 2017 pageant and hosted Canada's Next Top Model.", "How can I order checks without any changes", "What steps are required to play Dungeon lurk 2 on a PC using Xeplayer", "What experiences led the author to feel thankful for their life despite challenges such as poor living conditions and adapting to new surroundings", "Which characters are featured in the new booster set based on the Saekano: How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend anime", "What was the main goal of the 2003 Jimmy Carter Work Project as described in the text", "What comment did Fumi Sensei make about Cheesie's ability to learn the catwalk", "Yes, all of our locations provide temporary checks for new accounts.\nTo order checks for the first time or to place reorders with changes, log in into Digital Banking\nand send us", "What three actions did the author decide to pursue to improve Japan's presence and future after the G1 Summit", "What changes and improvements are recommended for the 2015 Toyota Tundra", "What version of PCI Express does PLDA license to Tehuti Networks, and what are its distinguishing features", "smus sending a powerful effort on target that was punched back to him by goalkeeper Washington Arubi, though the striker couldn\u2019t make anything of the second chance. Erasmus had another effort on goal in the 30th minute, getting a header on target from Daine Klate\u2019s cross, but it was an easy save for Arubi. Erasmus, clearly Pirates\u2019 liveliest player in attack, had another snap shot from just inside the penalty area in the dying minutes of the first half, but the ball flashed wide of the far post, leaving the game goalless at the break. Tuks had rarely thr ...\nKermit Erasmus is oneof da fastest players in mzansi i knwlyk!!\nI'm loving what Kermit Erasmus is doing for Pirates and Bafana.\nWe managed to catch up with Klate, Lekgwathi & Erasmus at full time to get their 1st impressions of Klate: It takes some getting used to. It's very light, much lighter than the last ball we used. Lucky Lekgwathi: For me it was ok, I think my biggest challenge was the pitch. In the 1st half we had to be very careful at the back in our box. Kermit Erasmus: The jury is still out, the more we play with it the sooner we will get used to it. It moves a lot in the air. RDS: We played in patches & looked very scrappy. They are a physical, hard running side. We are happy with the 3 points. RDS: I agree with Sammy, we had a good chance when the ball fell to Oupa, I feel though we should have killed the game off sooner still. RDS: We are looking forward to the break. It's been a crazy 4 months. This is our 24th match I think. RDS: We have the last game on Sunday then prepare for the 23rd January 2014 against AmaZulu away, as things stand. We try keep that level of complacency from creeping in after we score. But at ...\nwatch out for jersey numba 95 Kermit Erasmus .Up d bucs!\nI wll be hpy if Orlando Pirates wil sing mphela 2 ctch the crosses 4rm kermit erasmus pls khoza make a plan 4 mphela 2 put us on top\n-Monyai Weary Of Erasmus Treat! -University Of Pretoria Captain Tebogo Monyai is weary of the treat caused by Pirates Striker Kermit Erasmus,ahead of their clash tonight at Orlando Stadium. -\"They are on a high note after beating Platinum Stars.\"Erasmus gave them lots of trouble with his runs behind the defence,we are aware of that and we can contain him\"says Monyai. -\"We have seen their strong and weak points.\"We can't afford to leave all six points in Soweto\"concludes Monyai.\nPirates will win and Kermit Erasmus will b a man of the match again\nSupersport United F.C OUR NEXT OPPONENTS HISTORY The club was originally known as Pretoria City. City was purchased by M-Net in 1994. M-Net got approval from the National Soccer League and the club was renamed. The club's youth academy is undoubtedly one of the best in the country. Some of the graduates are players like 1.Daine Klate 2.Kermit Erasmus 2.Kamohelo Mokotjo. They currently have a partnership with English club Tottenham Hotspur having previously been linked with Dutch side Feyenoord.\nKermit Erasmus proved dat he can play a lone striker role against Dikwena, wat wI happen as we are moving forward?\nTop 10 Trending Bafana Players Khune As 2013 winds down, Google have revealed the top trending Bafana Bafana players on Google search for the year and it comes as no surprise that Kaizer Chiefs and Bafana Bafana captain Itumeleng Khune tops the list. Khune has been in the media for his outstanding double winning campaign with Amakhosi, where he scooped a number of top awards, including the PSL Player of the Season. The goalkeeper also went on to be named the SA Sports Star of the Year at the SA Sports Awards Ceremony. Orlando Pirates goalkeeper Senzo Meyiwa follows the Bafana number one after his string of fine performances which helped the Sea Robbers reach the final of the CAF Champions League. Third-placed Kermit Erasmus had all eyes on him following his move from Supersport United to Pirates, while England-based Dean Furman has certainly become a fan favourite after some sturdy displays in the middle of the park for the national team. Thabo Matlaba rockets into fifth place and he certainly gave fans s ...\nLocal is Lekker... Down want Arrows' Ntuli, Chiefs on Manqele, Erasmus wants striking role, Nanana Ntuli wants a chance at Bucs, Pisto: if want to sign we'll sign, Wits want Masango. Scroll down for more... Arrows' striker Bonginkosi Ntuli is in need in Gauteng by 'big three' Sundowns, Chiefs and Pirates. Sundowns look to be serious and leading the race for 'Young-Mphemba'. Kaizer Chiefs have approached Sundowns for Manqele after Manyama-Chiefs deal fall-out, Chiefs wanted Manqele during his time at Free State Stars, due too money Downs won the race. Jabu 'Shuffle' Mahlangu suffered a set-back on his process to revive his career in football. Jabu was training with Supersport when he get a knock on his shin. Jonhson said he was doing very well and will be out for weeks. Kermit Erasmus ( ) played as a striker on Pirates victory against Platinum Star and won man of the match award. He said this was not new to him, he played as striker and he wants a striking role at Bucs. Nhlakanipho Ntuli wants a chance on ...\n\u2022 Kermit Erasmus, who had a great game as Orlando Pirates demolished Platinum Stars 3-0, says he prefers playing as a striker to playing as a number 10. \u2022 Katlego Mashego says Sundowns have the right blend to win something this season and picks teammate Jabulani Shongwe as the player to watch. \u2022 Amajita star Nhlakanipho Ntuli is hopeful his performances at the Cosafa Youth U-20 Championships will help convince Orlando Pirates coach Roger De Sa to utilise his services. \u2022 Mamelodi Sundowns are saying they \"know nothing\" about Kaizer Chiefs' so-called \"tabled offer\" for striker Edward Manqele. \u2022 Kaizer Chiefs midfielder Mandla Masango could be on his way to Bidvest Wits. The Students, together with Moroka Swallows and Ajax Cape Town, are tracking the midfielder, but according to KickOff informant Wits are the frontrunners to sign the 24-year-old in the January transfer window. \u2022 Orlando Pirates head coach Roger De Sa is hoping to be on par with other teams next year when the league reaches the ha ...\nDe Sa relieved Pirates are off the bottom of PSL log Pirates remained in the relegation zone despite their sweet revenge over Platinum Stars, but De Sa is happy to be off the foot of the PSL log 17 Dec 2013 Following Orlando Pirates\u2019 emphatic win over Platinum Stars on Monday afternoon, coach Roger De Sa congratulated man of the match Kermit Erasmus and the rest of the team. Pirates wrapped up the game inside the opening 33 minutes with three goals, and De Sa admitted that the heat made it difficult for them to maintain the same pace throughout. \u201cWell done to Kermit, the guys played really well in the first half hour or so,\u201d said De Sa after the game. \u201cAfter that I think the heat took a lot out of the players and the pace of the game dropped, and we just had to see out the game,\u201d he said. The 49-year-old De Sa expressed his delight at climbing the log as the Buccaneers now find themselves 15th on the log, but he wants his players to keep working hard especially with the games coming thick and fa ...\nOrlando Pirates returned to form with a commanding 3-0 victory over Platinum Stars in their Absa Premiership clash at the Royal Bafokeng Sports Palace on Monday. The Buccaneers made a fast start to stun the home team, as goals inside the first 32 minutes from Thandani Ntshumayelo, Oupa Manyisa and Dlaine Klate gave them an advantage they never looked like relinquishing. Pirates coach Roger De Sa selected Kermit Erasmus for the striking role and it would pay off handsomely as the nippy forward had a hand in all three of their goals. Despite reports in the media last week that Ghana international goalkeeper Fatau Dauda would be involved in some form for Pirates, he was again left out of the match-day 18 with Senzo Meyiwa starting and Brighton Mhlongo on the bench. Pirates gave an early warning of their intent when Ayanda Gcaba headed over", "What negative consequences can result from parents over-mounting their children in youth equine sports", "311 articles in this category\nOthers see no change\nChevy's little delivery van goes to the great warehouse in the sky.\nNot your father's blazer\nMajor changes for the suspension\nA four-cylinder in a full-size truck? What?!\nWhy are you teasing us now Chevrolet?!\nDat face though\nBut that's not all!\nWhat happens to Orion Assembly?\nThink small cargo vehicle, not sports car\nFor those who want somethin", "What kind of custom options are available for the product mentioned in the text segment", "What subject will not be completed until the end of April", "Do all locations offer temporary checks for new accounts", "Who was the first judge on America's Next Top Model and what reasons did she give for her critiques", "What are the dates and locations of the sports celebration events", "After coming back from March break, we finished the two year courses in most of the subjects, except biology. Biology HL will not be finished until the end of April, this put much more pressure on me, because there are much more lessons and notes compared with other subjects. During the in-class revision, I used the time wisely to", "ake people cry later T___T)\n0:40 Both of them learned catwalk from zero. Cheesie has progressed to mastering difficult posing in one hour. Fumi Sensei comments that he discovered that Cheesie has learnt to copy his moves and there\u2019s only one model he taught who managed to do that and said she is smart wtf (not i say one again wtf) read mor", "What factors are associated with the likelihood of Brazilian women using a birth plan and midwife care during childbirth", "Exeter & East Devon Growth Point Like us on Facebook\nDevon, EX5 7DR\nTel: 01395 571744\nLike us on Facebook\nPlans to develop a new district heating scheme, under the Exeter and East Devon Growth Point partnership are now one step closer to becoming a reality after the scheme was earmarked for up to \u00a35m investment from the Homes and Communities Agency.\nThis new district heating scheme could serve new homes and businesses in the Monkerton, Pinhoe, Tithebarn Green and Exeter Science Park developments and is just one of 14 major sites nationally that will now proceed to a due diligence process with the HCA, to receive a share of its \u00a3474m Local Infrastructure Fund.\nThe Exeter and East Devon Growth Point partners involved in the scheme are celebrating that the Government has again recognised the potential of the area, and the work that has already taken place to help reduce carbon emissions and create energy efficient heat and power across Exeter and East Devon.\nOnce complete, the scheme will eventually heat 2,900 houses in Monkerton, Pinhoe and the Tithebarn Green development and will also serve Exeter Science Park. The system will work in the same way as the network already up and running for Cranbrook and Skypark, which will save 13,000 tonnes of CO2 per year - the equivalent of taking 5,200 cars from the road!\nFollowing Cranbrook's example\nCllr Paul Diviani, Leader of East Devon District Council said: \u201cWe have shown at Cranbrook and Skypark that district heating is the way forward. Government has clearly recognised that and now this award from the LIF gives us an opportunity to build upon that success.\u201d\nCllr Rachel Sutton, Exeter City Council Lead Councillor for Sustainable Development and Transport said: \u201cIt is so pleasin", "Why is regular sewer line cleaning important for homeowners", "\u0422\u043e\u043f\u0438\u043a Unwritten Rules of Great Britain\nGood and bad manners make up the social rules of a country. They are not always easy to learn because they are often not written down in books. For example, British women didn't go into pubs at the beginning of this century because it was not considered respectable behaviour for a woman.\nNow both women and men drink freely is pubs and women are fully integrated into public life. Visitors to Britain are often surprised by the strange behaviour of the inhabitants. One of the worst mistakes is to get on a bus without waiting your turn in the queue. The other people in the queue will probably complain loudly! Queuing is a national habit and it is considered polite or good manners to wait for your turn.\nIn some countries it is considered bad manners to eat in the street, whereas in Britain it is common to see people having a snack whilst walking down the road, especially at lunchtime. Brito", "(Redirected from Viruses)Jump to navigation Jump to search\nA virus is a small infectious agent that replicates only inside the living cells of other organisms. Viruses can infect all types of life forms, from animals and plants to microorganisms, including bacteria and archaea.\n|This biology article is a stub. You can help Wikiquote by expanding it.|\n- A virus is a form of life with very simple requirements. The basic needs of a virus are a nucleic acid to be transmitted from generation to generation (the genome) and a messenger RNA", "Juniata Students Seek Out Alternative Spring Break Service Trips\n(Posted March 24, 2003)\nHUNTINGDON, Pa. -- While many college students this year frolicked in such spring-break havens as Daytona Beach, San Padre Island and Virginia Beach, several groups of students from Juniata College found fun in the sun by performing a variety of service projects in Georgia, North Carolina and Guatemala.\nAn international trip led by Henry Thurston-Griswold, professor of Spanish at Juniata, and Kelly Turlish, coordinator of community service/service learning at the college, took a group of 15 Juniata students to Guatemala over spring break.\nThe group met with 10 nongovernmental and community-based organizations that are working in such areas as human rights, education and sustainable development. \"The students were able to see international development at the ground level,\" Turlish says. \"Our hope is that the students will return and compare their experience to their lives in the United States, and then help educate others to create change here and abroad.\"\nThe students spent three days as volunteers at Colegio Miguel Angel Asturias, a private school for low-income students located in the city of Quetzaltenango. While at the school, they installed and networked three donated computers. In addition the Juniata students taught English as a Foreign Language classes, conducted science experiments and offered other activities for the children.\n\"Going to the plantaion made me question what my basic needs really are,\" says Katie O'Donnell., a junior from Royersford, Pa. \"I saw very many horrible situations, things that I never wanted to think about or see. Yet, at the same time, we recognized the efforts of great human rights organizations and very inspiring people who give hope to the Guatemalan situation.\"\nThe group also visited San Basilio plantation, where the group met with the regional leader of the Southern Coast for the Community of Peasant Unity, an organization that helps peasants obtain legal rights to land. \"We learned a great deal about Guatemala's current conditions and its history, which makes you appreciate how well the government of the United States works,\" Turlish says.\nAnother group of students from Juniata's Habitat for Humanity Club traveled to Valdosta, Ga. and framed 2", "Marketing teams are finding out what their martech can do right now\nBefore the coronavirus outbreak, Daryl McNutt, senior vice president of marketing for TapClicks, and his team members worked in different offices across the country, with some who worked remotely. Now, with the full team working from home, McNutt says his team is getting much more acquainted with their martech stack. As the marketing lead for a marketing technology company, McNutt oversees a martech stack that includes 33 different tools used across the company\u2019s five brands.\nToday\u2019s current economic conditions are forcing many marketers to reconsider their existing processes while simultaneously having to tighten their budgets. Like McNutt, marketing leaders are searching for new ways to maximize the platforms already in use to get more out of the tools they have without adding more processes \u2014 or marketing tech \u2014 to their already expanding list of responsibilities.\n\u201cWe\u2019ve been making a conscious effort to dig into all the tools we have access to and use the full scope of their capabilities so we can consolidate the stack,\u201d he said.\n\u201cWe use Raven Tools for SEO, but we\u2019ve recently started to tap its social analytics capabilities, which we\u2019ve found to be extremely helpful and lightweight,\u201d said McNutt, \u201cUsing a platform we\u2019re already familiar with in a new way has helped us operationalize this analytics data more quickly and effectively.\u201d\nAnother platform McNutt has started using more than ever before is HubSpot. \u201cIt has blog hosting capabilities that present a great alternative to WordPress,\u201d said McNutt, \u201cAs we cut back on using multiple tools, HubSpot\u2019s CRM and content management solutions have also been helpful add-ons.\u201d\nMcNutt says he\u2019s even discovered more features within TapClicks own set of tools, including its o", "What is the code and price for the custom wedding card mentioned in the text", "What type of opportunity did VFILES give to independent designers at Fashion Week", "What are the steps to forward ports for gaming on a router", "ing) and Carrier Variant versions are in progress.\nTests include fit checks, captive carriage environment characterization, and pit drops.\nImage credit: Lockheed Martin via USMC\n- First image of F-35B with an AIM-120C5 missile in the weapon bay (theaviationist.com)\n- Photo: F-35A completes first aerial refueling with inert AIM-9X, JDAM and AMRAAM weapons. (theaviationist.com)\n- UK to reverse decision on F-35 version. Two aircraft carriers and 72 retired Harriers later. (theaviationist.com)", "What features make the Rayslit solar powered flagpole light durable and suitable for all-weather conditions", "What are some reasons mentioned for ensuring kids have the appropriate horse when learning to ride", "Why is it important to deadhead petunias", "Cards from this new booster set, based on the Saekano: How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend anime, feature Izumi, Iori, and Akane as well as members from \"blessing software,\" Tomoya, Megumi, Eriri, Utaha, and Michiru. The set contains 100 types of cards plus 27 parallel types, and packs include 9 cards with 16 packs coming to a display. Displays come with one of five different PR", "lebration of sport.\nMay 18-19, 2019 - Atlanta, GA\nMay 31 - June 2, 2019 - Baltimore, MD\nJune 7-9, 2019 - Ocean City, MD\nJune 8-9, 2019 - Ocean City, MD\nJune 8-9, 2019 - Baltimore, M", "gies by implementing progressive profiling, testing and optimizing landing pages, aggregating data to create account-level views, and implementing lead routing and lead scoring\n- Develop clearly defined lead management processes and improve their ability to track and measure the performance of their lead-to-revenue funnel\n- Double down on investing in content so that they can effectively engage potential buyers who are performing research and educating themselves\n- Enhance their sales enablement capabilities by improving lead qualification processes (including, specifically, the ability to identify \"hot\" leads that should be sent immediately to sales), by analyzing the effectiveness of their content resources, and by leveraging technology to make it easier for sales reps to find and access content resources\nAs noted earlier, these predictions are not particularly surprising. The pressures that Ms. Ross identified have been building for the past few years at least, and leading B2B marketers have been focused on marketing automation, content marketing, and sales enablement for quite some time. It's likely that these issues will remain important for next several years", "What type of promotion is included for customers making purchases at tournament-registered stores", "What financial support have the Homes and Communities Agency provided for the new district heating scheme in Exeter and East Devon", "San Jose, Calif., March 28, 2006\n\u2014PLDApplications (PLDA) today announced the licensing of its x8 250 MHz PCIe\u00ae IP to Tehuti Networks.\n\"We needed a concrete PCI Express solution,\" explains Haim Bar-David, Chief Technical Officer of Tehuti Networks. \"PLDA offered a functional demonstration of a x8 solution that will serve all of our silicon needs, from FPGA to ASIC\". PLDA will showcase the same demonstration at the Embedded Systems Conference (ESC) in San Jose, CA, the 4-6 of April (booth 3132).\nPLDA's market-proven Xpress Rich IP offers a high-performance architecture in a highly configurable RTL-level function and supports a variety of silicon technologies, such as FPGAs and 65 nm ASIC. Suitable for endpoint designs, the core offers a 64-bit data path at 2.5 Gbps per lane (up to two virtual channels) and is a secure and proven solution verified with multiple validation IP vendors and interoperable with all of the main PHY IP vendors.\nTehuti Networks offers system-on-a chip (SOCs) solutions for removing server I/O bottlenecks in 10 Gigabit Ethernet networks. To help manage the increased load, Tehuti has adopted PCI Express; a shift that, combined with their network accelerating IP, permits them to offer solutions that improve the performance of their clients' applications by up to 150%.\n\"The configurable nature of PLDA's IP was a good fit for Tehuti Networks\u2019 incremental development approach,\" continues Mr. Bar-David. \"We started prototyping with a x4 core and a single 10 Gbps Ethernet link. By reconfiguring the same IP, we quickly evolved into a x8 design with two 10 Gbps Ethernet links.\"\nSince the earliest introduction of the PCI Express protocol, PLDA has consistently listed products on the PCI-SIG integrator list. Today", "to control an ancient society. As it was in the past, women\u2019s main role is getting married, having kids and taking care of the home. These \u201cEngagement Teams\u201d have been able to collect critical data to help the Mission understand the distinctive safety wants of men, ladies, boys and girls. Both women turned for help to the Brazilian non-profit Miles for Women\u2019s Lives, founded by screenwriter Juliana Reis and Rebeca Mendes, who grew to become a pioneer in 2017 when she publicly announced she would travel exterior Brazil for an abortion. The group helped the primary lady journey abroad in November 2019, and one other fifty nine had adopted by the end of last yr.\nThe open-ended questions unfolded from the closed-ended questions, permitting girls to specific their opinions, emotions, and views. The set of open-ended written responses of every girl was the unit of study. This paper discusses the evolution of the roles of Brazilian ladies inside one of the prominent organizations of the Amazonian social motion, the National Council of Extractivist Populations .\nThe spirit of Zumbi lives on, as many Brazilians use November as a time of reflection, encouragement and, after all, celebration. At ESSENCE, we asked Silvia Nascimento (@silviahnas), a S\u00e3o Paulo primarily based journalist and founding father of Mundo Negro, the primary information portal for the Afro-Brazilian community, for a list of Black Brazilian ladies we should know in arts and tradition.\nIncreasing the pattern inhabitants by 10% for unanticipated sampling or data collection errors, final sample dimension was calculted to be 2714 women. We encountered each administrative and financial obstacles, nonetheless, and the final pattern consisted of 1327 women. In 2016, the female jail population totaled forty two,000, a rise of 656% over the population recorded in the early 2000s.\nWomen, particularly those that ship in private hospitals with cesarean charges within the 80-90% vary, are often portrayed as actively choosing to ship surgically. Doctors usually promote this view, additionally common within the popular understanding of the phenomenon, that it is girls\u2019s demand for a cesarean that\u2019s behind the excessive rates.\nDespite serving numerous girls in a brief time period challenges remain including integration with other components of the network and concerns of staff burnout. At the identical time, the discount within https://latinowomen.org/brazilian-women/ the availability of care services has left women overworked, as they\u2019re thedemographic regularly answerable for caring for kids, senior citizens, people with disabilities, and different people in want of care.\nAt main tourist locations like Rio de Janeiro and Salvador, sexual exploitation, trafficking of women and baby prostitution are urgent problems. Back in 2002, the tourism board additionally complained when \u201cThe Simpsons\u201d made fun of our nation by portraying Brazilian TV reveals for youngsters as hosted by seminude ladies doing attractive moves. So far there hasn\u2019t been an official statement, but I wouldn\u2019t be shocked if there was. More than three years into the administration of President Dilma Rousseff, not a lot has modified for Brazilian women. Misogyny is rationalized or dismissed as irony, whereas rape is trivialized, and even excused.\nFirst being pregnant, sort of hospital, type of start, perceived capacity to have a traditional start. SoB is grounded in the Theory of Planned Behavior , and its proposed framework can be found in Sup. TPB states that conduct can be directly influenced by the intention to interact in that conduct . The intention to perform a conduct is composed of attitudes, subjective norms, and perceived management over the behavior . Others have used TPB to know childbirth and choice for the kind of birth [37\u201340], although no studies have been discovered focusing on its use with intrapartum EBP.\nThe backlash impact is still a contribution for ladies avoiding a STEM career, and to increase their quantity, these areas ought to be made more engaging for them. The PNADC of 2016 registered for the primary time the dedication of Brazilians to look after people and home work and the time spent in these actions within the inhabitants over 5 years old. The information point out that 28.1% of Brazilian girls reported having dedicated themselves to the care of folks who lived in the identical house as them. The care concerned assistance in the well being, schooling, transportation or leisure of children, the aged, the sick or people with particular wants. In addition to the residents, three.6% of ladies aged 5 years and over stated that that they had devoted themselves to the care of relations who lived elsewhere. These rates had been significantly greater than males who devoted time to folks care", "FADER NYFW, Spring 2014\nBackstage at VFILES hung a sign that read: \u201cSmize/ Have fun/ Don\u2019t be too serious/ High energy.\u201d This playful message isn\u2019t what you\u2019d expect to see at New York Fashion Week\u2014a bi-yearly event where designers put forth their months of hard work along with hefty capital for a meticulous production that lasts a mere few moments-- but that\u2019s the point.\nVFILES has been injecting much-needed creativity (and LOLz) into the industry with its alternative online fashion community, curated high-street store, and the industry-parodying video series \u201cWhat the F*shion?\u201d. The site, which only launched last year has challenged the face of fashion and its role in culture by offering unisex clothing, selling it as trends arise instead of seasonally, and bringing to light Internet fashion memes that\u2014aside from outlier designers like Jeremy Scott-- haven\u2019t received the runway treatment. Their most m", "ove subversive move yet is giving four independent designers and VFILES users\u2014selected solely on the basis of the GIFS, lookbooks and illustrations uploaded to their profiles\u2014a stage at Fashion Week. Providing such an opportunity to unknowns on the strength of their online profiles isn\u2019t just a conflation of URL and IRL, it\u2019s a potentially pivotal moment in the ongoing democratization of fashion.\nDespite the lighthearted vibes backstage, there wasn\u2019t any goofing around come showtime, as Nicki Minaj\u2019s straight-faced \u201cDid It On Em\u201d blared from speakers. Designers Sam MC, Ammerman Schl\u00f6sberg, Steven Tai, and Gypsy Sport delivered complete and\u2014true to their patron\u2019s M.O.\u2014transgressive visions. New trends included dominatrix, latex bow dresses courtesy of Schl\u00f6sberg and long macram\u00e9 veils and socks-with-rope sandals by Gypsy Sport. Those bold enough to try them, take heed to VFILES' advice: \"Smize/ Have fun.", "To put it in a different way, what we need to bring back are the values Japanese people had.\nTo borrow Nonaka\u2019s expressions, such things are tacit knowledge, forum development, apprenticeship, and wise consideration. In Matsuoka\u2019s words, they are peace and aggression, and the pity of court nobles and the glory of samurai warriors. Matsuoka called them inclusive power such as the one that caused Shinto and Buddhism to syncretize. Tasaka said such things correspond with an awareness that \u201cto work is the same as to make ends easy\u201d and a \u201csymbiosis with nature.\u201d\nThese values do not necessarily belong to preserving things for future generations. This is the case because people in this country might have lost those important values along the way.\nI think these values are stated in \u201cRepresentative Japanese\u201d, a book written by Kanzo Uchimura, and the teachings of Wang Yang-ming. We can trace them back to such sources through history. All we need to do is to bring back those values. We don\u2019t need to create them anew. But bringing back things that had been thrown away once isn\u2019t that easy. That\u2019s why we must try to keep in touch with those good values.\nLeaders need a philosophy and beliefs to cope with the turbulent times ahead of them. I feel the foundation for such philosophy and beliefs is in fact buried in life stories of great figures from our respective hometowns and the history of Japan. Intellectual giants including Yoshiko Sakurai delivered this same message at the G1 Summit.\nAuthor\u2019s note: I will post all the discussions related to the points made in this column on the GLOBIS websiteto the maximum extent possible. Let\u2019s share an awareness of the issues, think together, and take concerted actions.\nI have many things to do as a newly awakened \u201cleader of Japan,\u201d now that the third G1 Summit is over. Come to think of it, I said the following in my opening speech for the G1 Summit.\n\u201cI kept thinking about the things I could do from my position in the private sector as Japan entered a downward curve and its presence continued to decline overseas. I kept thinking frantically about it. What I can do is limited. But I should do what I can. Making up my mind, I decided to do the following three things.\n\u201cThe first thing I decided to do is to achieve success beyond the borders of Japan and increase Japan\u2019s presence with my own achievements. Through repeated efforts and after many errors, I have reached a stage where I can take the platform at the Davos Forum at long last. I turned myself into a person able to speak at a meeting of the highest international level.\n\u201cIn the same way, the Graduate School of Management, GLOBIS University is aiming to achieve the top position in Asia, not just in Japan. The school\u2019s advertisement with a photo of my face has already appeared in the Financial Times and the Economist. I\u2019m planning to publish my own books in English as my next step. Harvard Business School has looked at our operations in a case study, too.\n\u201cPeople around the world will say \u2018Japanese people are great\u2019 if I achieve such success in the same way as our athletes performing well overseas, such as baseball players Hideki Matsui and Ichiro Suzuki and footballers Shinji Kagawa and Yuto Nagatomo.\n\u201cThe second thing I chose to do is to communicate with many people in a way that offers them dreams, courage, and knowledge. I\u2019m tweeting, writing blog entries and books, making frequent speeches, and accepting media coverage from such viewpoint. I want to give dreams, courage, and knowledge to many people who are thinking \u2018Japan is hopeless.\u2019 I have continued to engage in this communication up to this point.\n\u201cThe third thing I decided to do is to host the G1 Summit. People call this gathering a \u2018Japanese version of the Davos Forum.\u2019 But the G1 Summit surpasses the Davos Forum in significance because its true goal is to network people who think about bettering Japan and the world. People sharing this sense of purpose gather at the G1 Summit from many fields, discuss a variety of issues, paint visions for Japan, and eventually the whole world, and translate them into action. I decided to organize this G1 Summit to network those individuals and urge them to take that action.\u201d\nAnd so I explained my intentions. What to do next came to my mind when the G1 Summit ended. We should develop a vision for Japan. We should launch the \u201c100 actions\u201d I have talked about before. At the same time, we should spread the passion and courage from the G1 Summit as widely as possible and encourage people to act. To do these things, we need G1 initiatives in various fields, such as medical services, tourism and sports. We must pursue these initiatives in a manner that is as open as possible.\nTo do this, I must use my own time. I must sacrifice something. I may be destined to do those things because doing them halfway will take me nowhere in the environment that exists in Japan now. We only live once and I\u2019d like to make my whole life fulfilling.\nIn the days ahead, I think I will push ahead with the G1 Summit activities and then the \u201c100 action\u201d project, while sending out my messages to the world. I will take these actions because I must be aware of my position as a leader in Japan now, not some future Japan. I\u2019m going to speak to as many people as possible with this awareness.\n\u201cChampions of reforms,\u201d let\u2019s stand up together and connect with each other. I\u2019m going to read all the tweets that appear under the \u201c#G1summit\u201d hash tag at my Twitter site. I welcome your opinions, proposals, comments, and other feedback with open arms.\nThe time to translate our ideas into action has arrived at last.\nIt\u2019s time for us to change the future of Japan with our own initiatives.\nI\u2019m going back to bed where my kids are sleeping now. These children will have to pay pension premiums and debts totaling close to 100 million yen each. Let\u2019s leave them a brighter future.\nFebruary 15, 2011\nWritten at my house in Sanbancho based on my own tweets", "For many homeowners, maintaining a home\u2019s plumbing system involves a familiar checklist, which typically includes fixing leaky faucets, unclogging drains, and inspecting water heaters. However, sewer line cleaning is an essential plumbing service that often gets overlooked but holds significant money-saving potential. Uncover how this seemingly mundane plumbing service can safeguard your finances in the long run.\nAvoiding Costly Repairs\nOver time, debris, grease, soap residue, hair, and other materials can accumulate and form obstructions within the sewer pipes. These blockages restrict wastewater flow, leading to slow drains, backups, and potential sewage spills. Additionally, when sewer lines become clogged, the pressure within the pipes increases. This heightened pressure can cause the pipes to crack, resulting in leaks or even bursts. Repairing or replacing damaged sewer pipes can be costly, involving excavation, pipe replacement, and professional labor. By scheduling regular cleaning for your sewer lines, you can prevent the accumulation of materials like debris, hair, grease, and tree roots that contribute to clogs and blockages, thereby reducing the chances of pipe damage and the subsequent need for extensive repairs.\nPreventing Health Hazards\nBlocked sewers release harmful bacteria, viruses, and pathogens that can negatively impact indoor air quality, creating an unhealthy living environment. Individuals exposed to these conditions may experience respiratory discomfort and allergies. These pathogens can also worsen pre-existing respiratory conditions like asthma. These health issues can lead to increased medical expenses, missed workdays, and reduced productivity. By prioritizing regular sewer line cleaning, you can help maintain a clean environment and significantly reduce the risk of health hazards associated with sewage backups and spills.\nEnhancing System Efficiency\nWhen debris, sediment, and grease accumulate within your sewer lines, your sewer system will work harder to push the sewage through, resultin", "What are the basic needs of a virus", "What is a commonly accepted behavior for queuing in Britain", "What message was hung backstage at VFILES during New York Fashion Week Spring 2014", "What impact would a nationalized money supply have on the goals of the Green New Deal according to the text", "What position does Kermit Erasmus prefer to play, according to his comments after the match against Platinum Stars", "lurk 2 For PC,users need to install an Android Emulator like Xeplayer.\nWith Xeplayer,you can Download Dungeon lurk 2 for PC version on your Windows 7,8,10 and Laptop.\nDownload Dungeon lurk 2 on pc using Xeplayer android emulator free and start playing now!\nHow to Play Dungeon lurk 2 on PC,Laptop,Windows\n1.Download and Install XePlayer Android Emulator.Click \"Download XePlayer\" to download.\n2.Run XePlayer Android Emulator and login Google Play Store.\n3.Open Google Play Store and search the Dungeon lurk 2 and download.\n4.Install Dungeon lurk 2 for PC.Now you can play Dungeon lurk 2 on PC!Have Fun", "What are the two main rules for deadheading petunia plants", "What significant achievements has Kermit Erasmus recently accomplished in the Absa Premiership", "AMERICA'S Next Top model has racked up an impressive 24 series, and it has a huge roll call of former judges to prove it - 22 to be exact.\nEven Tyra Banks decided to give series 23 a miss. From Twiggy to Janice Dickinson, these are the stars you forgot judged the modelling talent show since it began in 2003 - and what the show's famous names are doing now...\nJanice Dickinson (series 1-4)\nSupermodel Janice, 63, was a judge on the first four series of ANTM, and appeared as a guest judge for four cycles thereafter.\nThe mum-of-two was known for her tough critiques, and Tyra fired her as a result.\nJanice later said: \"I was just telling the truth and I was saving these girls from going out there and being told that they're too short, too fat, their skin's not good enough.\n\"I was to America's Next Top Model what Simon Cowell is to American Idol.\"\nShe was given her own show, The Janice Dickinson Modelling Agency, from 2006-08, but this was nowhere near as successful as Tyra's one.\nJanice, who's been married four times, went on to star in I'm A Celeb, in 2007, and the US version of the jungle reality show two years later.\nShe then went into the Big Brother house in 2015.\nTwiggy (series 5-9)\nAfter firing Janice, Tyra swiftly replaced her with model Lesley Lawson - better known as Twiggy.\nThe iconic 60s star, who's known for her signature big eyes, long lashes and short hair, went on to return to modelling with M&S in 2005.\nThe mum-of-one, 68, also released an album, called Romantically Yours, in 2011.\nPaulina Porizjova (series 10-12)\nTwiggy's replacement was Czech-born Swedish model and actress Paulina Porizjova, now 53.\nShe smashed into the spotlight at the age of 18, when she became the first woman from Central Europe to earn a Sports Illustrated cover.\nPaulina, too, was fired from the show - claiming producers said she had an \"ego problem\" when she complained about Tyra's reported lateness to set.\nShe went on to guest star as herself in Desperate Housewives, and appear in a couple of documentaries.\nAndre Leon Talley (series 14-17)\nAndre Leon Talley is a big name in fashion, after working as Vogue's editor-at-large between 1998 and 2013.\nThe 68-year-old racked up four series of ANTM in two years, before leaving the show (and Vogue) to serve as international editor for Russian Numero.\nThe job wasn't a success, and Andre resigned after 12 issues.\nKelly Cutrone (series 18-22)\nPeople's Revolution founder Kelly Cutrone, 52, became a household name when she appeared in The Hills and The City with Lauren Conrad and Whitney Port, between 2008 and 2009.\nThe expert fashion publicist then replaced Andre on ANTM - and swiftly disappeared from the public eye when she left the show.\nRita Ora (series 23)\nWith only one series on ANTM, it's easy to forget Rita Ora once hosted the show", "box toppers and cartons contain an English edition stitched playmat topper.\nThere will also be Tournament Store Assist PR Pack Campaign packs available to tournament-registered stores. Customers can receive one Tournament Store Assist PR Pack for the purchase of a booster display.\nBushiroad also announced more new sets for Weiss Schwarz back in October (see \"'Chainsaw Man'\")", "c improvisation in the new Toyota Tundra. The aerodynamic will influence the exterior pieces and also the size. It is better to always make this car looks strong and big because it is truck vehicle type. Third, there will be new direct injection too in this car but Toyota doesn\u2019t give detail information about it. Fourth, Toyota Tundra will be completed with engine stop and start because Toyota will not use it in 2014 Toyota Tundra.\nRecommended Changes for 2015 Toyota Tundra\nWhen it is clear that Toyota will do some changes above in their new Toyota Tundra, some people still want that Toyota also considers of some other parts that also influence the car performance. Some experts then recommend Toyota to change some parts such as: First the variable valve lifts. Toyota better changes the old valve timing with variable valve lift. Second, Toyota better changes the hydraulic steering with the electric steering system that is more efficient that the old steering system. Third, Toyota needs to use the best powertrain engine system that is more effective for their future car. We will know whether Toyota will change some parts above or not. We just can wait until Toyota releases 2015 Toyota Tundra to the market.\nToyota must work hard to make best 2015 Toyota Tundra by doing some changes in technical specification and also designs.", "g to see the success of the first projects at Cranbrook now being extended to other developments including the Science Park, confirming and reinforcing the environmental and economic benefits of the approach. It is partnership working at its best.\u201d\nColin Molton, HCA Executive Director for the South and South West, said: \u201cThis is great news for Exeter and East Devon and further evidence of the Government\u2019s commitments to support schemes that can meet its aspirations for housing and economic growth. \u201cThere is work to be done to finalise these bids, which we will look to complete as quickly as possible. We are really pleased that Exeter and East Devon are once again leading the way in turning ambitious plans for a stronger economy into reality.\u201d\nJeremy Bungey, Head of Community Energy at E.ON, said: \u201cThe Growth Point and its partners across the region deserves real congratulations, not only for bringing the Cranbrook and Skypark developments off the drawing board and into a real, sustainable community, but also for looking to build on that success to help deliver more efficient and lower carbon energy sources elsewhere in the city.\u201d\nThe pipe work and related infrastructure for the district heating scheme would be put in place in line with building progress on site, meaning that new homes and businesses can be \u2018plumbed in\u2019 to the network as they are being constructed.\nFor more information about the Local Infrastructure Fund click here: http://www.homesandcommunities.co.uk/ourwork/lif ENDS Notes to Editors: To arrange further comment / interview please contact Growth Point Team Communications in the first instance:\nDrew Aspinwall: 07734 568923 email@example.com or\nLesley Crocker: 07545 419 360 / firstname.lastname@example.or", "What kind of vehicle is indicated in the text to think of rather than a sports car", "What is the purpose of the tactile emotion stones mentioned in the text", "Recently, I attended a webinar that featured some useful (if not completely surprising) predictions derived from solid research. The webinar was presented by Maribeth Ross, the Chief Content Officer and a Managing Director with the Aberdeen Group. The topic of the webinar was \"What Best-in-Class Marketers are Planning for 2015,\" and the content of the webinar was based on research conducted during 2014 in Aberdeen's customer-facing practice areas.\nIn this webinar, Ms. Ross focused on two major issues:\n- What were the top challenges facing marketers in 2014?\n- What are best-in-class marketers planning to do in 2015 to address these challenges?\nAccording to Aberdeen's research, the top four pressures facing marketers in 2014 were:\n- \"We're not getting the most out of our marketing automation investment.\"\n- \"We know lead management is important, but we're not doing it very well.\"\n- \"Our buyers are doing more research on more channels before ever talking to sales.\"\n- My sales team needs different resources due to this new buyer.\"\nTo address these pressures, Ms. Ross says that in 2015, best-in-class marketers plan to:\n- Improve their use of marketing automation technolo", "top safely. I\u2019ve seen too many kids plow through crowds or other horses in warm up pens, and it\u2019s just flat dangerous.\u201d\n2. Lost interest. \u201cI\u2019ve seen kids lose interest because they were too scared when put on a horse that was way too much for them time and time again. It\u2019s like Little League parents putting their kid in a division they\u2019re not ready for. They get hit with a line drive or a pitch and boom, they never want to play again.\u201d\n[SHOP KIDS\u2019 MOTIVATION: \u201cThe Boy Who Never Gave Up\u201d Stephen Curry\u2019s Children\u2019s Motivational Book]\n3. Setting the bar too high. \u201cI\u2019ve also seen junior rodeo parents spend everything they have for their kids in the 12-and-under division to have a $30,000 horse. That horse won\u2019t last forever, and now your kid is used to the best horse there is. Will you have $60,000 to move your child up to the next great horse at that point? Because it will be hard to lower their expectations when they\u2019re used to the best. Plus, those kids aren\u2019t learning how to ride one and make one early on. I\u2019m not saying kids should be on broncs by any means, but there\u2019s something to be said for working at it on something that isn\u2019t 100% NFR caliber right off the bat.\u201d\nThe biggest rule to follow when looking for a kid\u2019s horse is making sure your child can stay in control at all times.\n\u201cThat means tied to the trailer, in the warm-up pen, in the arena, on the trail, wherever they are,\u201d Branquinho said. \u201cJust don\u2019t live through your kids by putting them on too much horse. This is supposed to be fun for everybody.\u201d H&R", "What are the anticipated benefits of the Cranbrook and Skypark developments as indicated by Colin Molton and Jeremy Bungey", "When you play Initial 2: New Stage you will experience the following styles of play.\n- Action games are usually a bit faster than other games and require quick reflexes. You frequently jump platforms, shoot enemy mobs, climb ladders, and\n- In a hack-and-slash style of game you spend most of the time just killing wave after wave of creatures. They are strongly emphasize combat over anything else. Hack-and-slash style games are usually also considered action games.\n- In a role playing game, or RPG, the player takes on the role of the main character and helps the story line to unfold. It usually involves a very long play time, inventory management, and a deep leveling system. RPG's are usually the longest style of game. Skyrim and Fallout are amongst the most popular RPG style games.\n- An adventure game is where the player is usually the protagonist and plays through an evolving story. The storyline is the driving part of an adventure game.\nHow to Port Forward Initial 2: New Stage\nWhen you are playing Initial 2: New Stage you might need to forward some ports in your router. Forwarding ports is a useful trick in gaming because it can really help to make your network connection most stable and frequently even faster. Routers were not designed to allow incoming network requests and some games can play tremendously better if an incoming connection is forwarded through the router to the game.\nBefore You Forward a Port\nBefore you can forward a port you need to know the following things:\n- Your router's IP address.\n- Your gaming", "e church looking for help.\nWe can see this sign from the veranda, over the highway. This church building is right on the corner of two very busy streets, which is wonderful in so many ways.\nLast Wednesday Gilberto came. Fabio wrote about him in the last post. Since then, others have come. Today, the man that \u201clives\u201d next door came. There is a little plot of land on the other side of the church and there is a homeless man living there. We have been praying for him, and today he showed up here! Fabio and Claudio talked to him, gave him some food, and the guy invited Fabio to come visit him there in his cardboard shack! Fabio plans to go tomorrow.\nFabio is really excited to see God doing this work and to be a part of it. It is exciting for me too, and I love seeing how Fabio is coming alive as he fulfills what God is calling him to. He shows so much love and care to these guys that come in here, and you can see how much it touches them. No one else wants to touch them! Fabio says he doesnt mind the smell of alcohol too much, but is still asking for grace to withstand the strong smell of urine when he hugs them\u2026. :-/\nAnd hold back those stumbling to the slaughter.\u201d -Proverbs 24:11\nThis is also part of our view from the veranda, and a target for prayer. This castle-looking building is the transvestite theatre I mentioned earlier. We now know it is all of that and more\u2026 We are praying for the devil\u2019s work in this place to FALL; that the place would close down for lack of business, because those who frequent it now will come to know JESUS who will set them free from slavery to sin!! I personally am shocked at the change in my own heart, that can only be from the Lord. Previously, I was just repulsed by this particular variety of sin, but now I find myself being drawn to these people, our transvestite neighbors particularly, full of compassion for them as they are lost and dying without Jesus.\nA MORNING OFF\nThis morning we had our first morning off since we came here, and a guy from the church picked us up and took us to the beach. It was really nice! Although not very far away from where we are living, it seems like a different world. It is, really. That is where the rich live, and there are high rise apartments lining the beach front. It is a growing area, with many building still going up and the city expanding on both sides of the beach front. There are a lot of foreigners investing here, because the real estate value is increasing by 20-30% every year! And there is still alot of undeveloped area both to the north and south, all along the beautiful and mountainous beaches.\nTHE PETI SCHOOL\nI am teaching English now at the Peti school on Friday afternoons and on Monday mornings, for two hours each day. My first class is of 7-10 year olds, and the second class is of 11-14 year olds. I have enjoyed the teaching and the children, and getting to talk to another teacher and the director. I am also able to take my kids with me, and I have been taking Joshua and Dominique, one at a time. It is a great opportunity for them to learn about a lot of things \u2013 with me right by their side to guide the learning process.\nThis school is not the \u201cmain\u201d school for the children. The way school works here in Brazil, there are two shifts at school: 7am-noon and 1pm to 6pm. It may vary somewhat by school, but that is the basic schedule, and you can choose whether you want to send your children in the morning or the afternoon. Well, in the favela, during the hours that the children are not in school, they are on the streets and generally up to no good. Most of them have homes, but not very good ones. They are typically neglected and/or abused and would rather spend their time on the streets than at home. Most of their parents are drug users, drinkers, prostitutes, you name it. This is the favela:\nThe land in the favela is not bought. The people who live here are squatters that just try to build some kind of house with whatever materials they can find. They just build houses on top of houses at the edge of the city, into the mountain. Because these houses are without structure or foundation, they are not uncommonly washed away in landslides when it rains a lot.\nSo, the PETI school is a supplementary school for the children to go to during the hours they are not in school, to keep them off the streets. They can eat there, have recess, art classes and other \u201cfun\u201d stuff, and also receive help with their homework. Twice a week they even get surfing classes! Much of the help is volunteer.\nI am praying about how these classes can get me INTO the favela \u2013 into their homes, their families, their lives. Teaching English is great, but if it stops there, what good am I really doing for them? What difference will it really make in their future?\nIn one of my classes, there are two boys that have declared themselves to be homosexuals \u2013 at ELEVEN years old!! There are several that are HIV positive, some have been picked up by the cops for drug usage \u2013 at seven and eight years old, and one of the girls is constantly offering herself to the boys. The teacher even saw her do the same to some men at a bar next door! She is ten years old and still has the body of a little girl. Imagine what her mother does for a living, and what she has seen at home, and cry with me. Better yet, cry out to the Lord for these children!\nGUILHERME\u2019S FLIP FLOPS\nRemember our neighbor boy Guilherme from the last post? The day I took the picture of his flip-flop, he ended up forgetting them here. Joshua saw how thin they were, torn in the back, and the strap had broken and been repaired from the underneath. Joshua asked Fabio if there was some extra work he could do to earn some money to buy Guilherme a new pair of flip-flops. So, Fabio gave him some extra work, and he worked hard at it.\nThe next day we took him to the store and he used his hard-earned money to buy a new pair of flip-flops for Guilherme, the exact same style as his own flip-flops! Guilherme was so happy!!\nOne day I got home and went into the community kitchen downstairs and Guilherme was there. His face LIT UP when I walked into the room. Then he started singing (in Portuguese): \u201cSinging, singing, singing to my Jesus! I threw away my sadness and sent it away from my heart!\u201d I was impressed and asked him where he had learned that song? He said Joshua taught it to him. \ud83d\ude42 They have been singing it together ever since. Joshua is taking seriously his position as a missionary and we are so thankful to see that. Here he is reading a book to Guilherme:\nI know this is a long-mega-post \u2013 thanks for hanging in there with us! There is just so much going on here that I want to share with you all. Keep praying for us and thank you for your care and concern for us and the ministry here! We love you!", "What percentage of Brazilian women reported dedicating time to caring for individuals living in their same household as per the 2016 PNADC data", "What emotions are included in the set of stones and how are they designed for different activities", "covered in brown pods, you\u2019ll have a bushy plant with constant blooms through the entire growing season.\nPetunia Deadheading Info\nLearning how to deadhead petunia plants is one of the simplest jobs in the flower garden. The basic petunia deadheading info consists of two rules: clip off the blooms once they turn brown and cut the stems directly above the next set of leaves.\nThis job is simple enough for school children to complete and often makes a good chore for kids to help in the garden. You can remove the blooms by pinching them off with a thumbnail, but it\u2019s easier to use a pair of snips, scissors, or garden shears. Little gardeners can even use their safety school scissors, turning them into their very own first gardening tool.\nFollow the stem down to a pair of leaves and clip it right above. The plant will bush out, creating even more flowers than before.", "g bigger than your standard Silverado\nTesla's Production Delays is causing some to check out the Chevrolet Bolt\nOne more gear never hurt anyone\nThere's a CVT in the cards as well\nUpdated Silverado gets lean and beefy.\nPosted and taken down last night\nAnd for something mad from Chevrolet!\nDo you want fries with your burger?\nDetroit, we might have an inventory problem\nReturn of the Blazer nameplat", "Taken on Jun. 14, the following image shows the F-35B Joint Strike Fighter test aircraft BF-2, piloted by Cmdr. Eric Buus, flying inverted (most probably doing an aileron roll) with an asymmetric weapons load made of an AIM-9X Sidewinder inert missile on the starboard pylon, a centerline 25 mm gun pod, and a GBU-32 and AIM-120 in the (closed) starboard weapon bay.\nWhile weapons separation testing is scheduled for this summer, weapons testing for both the STOVL (Short Take Off Vertical Land", "2 houses in less than five days. The epic building program, which is part of the 2003 Jimmy Carter Work Project, brought together 24 Juniata students with 51students from four other colleges: Washington University in St. Louis, Mo.; St. Francis University in Loretto, Pa; Valparaiso University in Valparaiso, Ind.; and the University of South Dakota. The program seeks to help eliminate substandard housing in Lowndes County, Ga. through the construction of 35 new habitat homes.\nThe students built frames for interior walls, which were transported to a separate building site in Valdosta. \"We didn't work together as a single Juniata group so it was a great experience learning to work as teams with workers from different places,\" says Matt Humphrey, a senior from Phillipsburg studying information technology and co-president of Juniata's Habitat for Humanity club.\nAnother constructive spring break trip gave 17 Juniata students a chance to travel to Asheville, N.C. to work at Eliada Homes, a state orphanage. Together with six students from Elizabethtown College, the group put together and installed playground equipment and painted the school's gymnasium and other buildings.\n\"Many times at college I feel like I am focused on myself, my grades, and what is going on in my life,\" says Emily O'Donnell, a freshman from Royersford, Pa. \"This spring break trip gave me the opportunity to serve others and make a difference.\"\nThe project also branched out into the surrounding community. The students cleaned a section of Reynolds Creek, a polluted tributary of the French Broad River. The team removed 12 refrigerators, 30 car tires, car batteries and several tons of smaller trash items from the banks of the creek. The students also worked at MANNA, a second harvest food bank that gleans fruits and vegetables from harvested farm fields. The students helped glean and organize foods, so donated items could be sent to local soup kitchens.\n\"The students were willing to volunteer their time but as the week went on they also were able to ask deeper questions about what conditions produced some of the projects we were working on,\" says Hillary Sherman, PACC-Americorps VISTA coordinator, who led the group on their trip.\nContact April Feagley at email@example.com or (814) 641-3131 for more information.", "The Giving Gig | Community Health Network\nThe Beauty Lounge has been named again as the official beauty salon and med spa of The Giving Gig 2018.\nIf you think chemo, radiation and surgery are effective fighting cancer, imagine Earth, Wind & Fire. The iconic, seventh top-selling musical group will headline The Giving Gig 2018 after more than 1,000 donors gather to support Community\u2019s cancer fighters.\nProceeds from the event will benefit Community Health Network\u2019s Oncology Patient Assistance Fund, which provides $250 vouchers that can be used to purchase healthy food, life-saving medicine or gas to get to and from treatment to cancer patients in financial need. Our goal? To meet our overarching $5 million goal -established when the Oncology Patient Assistance Fund was launched in 2014 \u2013 in order to create a self-sustaining endowment that will forever help Community cancer patients.\nThe Beauty Lounge has been recognized as a leader in the salon and medical spa industry. We take pride in the services and state of the art product", "What led to J Alexander being fired from ANTM", "eautiful laser-art carved on it. Floral pattern with a minute detailing; it comes with the designer flap holding matching inserts. It's awesome!\nIt can be talior-made in color as per your requirement.\nNote: Minimum quantity should be 200 pcs.\nWhat client say about usI wanted to personally thank you and your team for doing a WONDERFUL job on my wedding invites and program books! I appreciate all of the hard work!! Thank you again!\nTortola (British Virgin Islands)", "maximum my study time. I also ask questions to my teacher when I have trouble with solving difficult problems. Fortunately, we finished extended essay in October, internal assessments for chemistry, biology, geography and math, and written assignments for English and Chinese. This leaves a plenty of time for studying final exams.", "What is the objective of the gameplay in Dungeon lurk 2", "What priority has McNutt emphasized for reporting in Google Ad campaigns", "What are the critical viral proteins that messenger RNA must encode for a virus", "What were the top four pressures facing marketers in 2014, according to Aberdeen's research presented in the webinar", "What is the main feature of the NIXFACE FlagPole Mount Bracket that distinguishes it from other products", "Kermit Romeo Erasmus (born 8 July 1990 in Port Elizabeth) is a South African footballer who currently plays for Supersport United.\nOrlando Pirates Oupa Manyisa Thabo Matlaba Kaizer Chiefs Senzo Meyiwa Lennox Bacela Daine Klate Andile Jali Lehlohonolo Majoro Orlando Stadium Helder Pelembe Rooi Mahamutsa Bernard Parker Absa Premiership Platinum Stars Mamelodi Sundowns\nBalotelli, Kermit Erasmus & Tokolo Rantie are the greatest players at looking like they're going to score.\n2.Orlando Pirates,from Kermit Erasmus to Majoro I'd like them all to be there,Why?because Orlando Pirates is my team.\nwho him be\"Kermit Erasmus \"_Kokohansome: Tell me a Footballer name starting with K?\"\nkermit let's pray God to accept his soul we all crying\nSorry for the teamz lost Kermit. The whole Nation is in sorrow\nSenzo Meyiwa was the best goalkeeper in africa and i started supporting bcoz of him and\nI was interviewing Kermit The physio is next... Kermit hopes the support eMokaba will be big. Me too.\nOrlando Pirates strikers Kermit Erasmus and Lehlohonolo Majoro reflect on the recent goalscoring heroics.\nMabokgwane backs Aces for league title 22 October 2014, 09:59 With another victory under the belt, Mpumalanga Black Aces intend to put up a worthy fight in the race for the Premiership title, goalkeeper Jackson Mabokgwane has warned. Mabokgwane was named Man of the Match in his side's 2-1 win over Orlando Pirates in Nelspruit on Tuesday night, producing fine saves in the second half to deny Kermit Erasmus and Thabo Qalinge. \"We just play every game the same way. We don't plan for any team a special way because every game is three points,\" Mabokgwane said. \"But the coach (Clive Barker) told us, 'If you win this game you're going to go up the log and challenge'. People said he was crazy, but we love the coach, he encourages us and we're happy to have him.\" Aces stretched their unbeaten run to six straight league matches, climbing from ninth place in the standings to second position, though they remained nine points behind runaway leaders Kaizer Chiefs, while Pirates dropped to third place ahead of the remai ...\nThanks to Kermit Erasmus and Oupa Manyisa for the change that you brought in the game\nOrlando Pirates left back Thabo Matlaba has been forced to withdraw from the national team to play Congo in Polokwane. Thabo Matlaba was named in the Bafana Bafana starting XI to face Congo but has been forced onto the sideline after failing to recover from a knock. According to reports, Matlaba injured his achilles tendon during a training session and failed late fitness test this this morning. Sibusiso Khumalo will take Matlaba's spot in the side with utility player Siyabonga Nhlapo taking the final spot in the match day squad. Bafana Bafana starting XI: Senzo Meyiwa (captain), Sibusiso Khumalo, Eric Mathoho, Rivaldo Coetzee, Thulani Hlatshwayo, Dean Furman, Andile Jali, Mandla Masango, Thulani Serero, Tokelo Rantie, Bongani Ndulula. Substitutes: Darren Keet, Siyabonga Nhlapo, Sibusiso Vilakazi, Tefu Mashamaite, Reneilwe Letsholonyane, Oupa Manyisa, Kermit Erasmus. South Africa will play Congo at the Peter Mokaba Stadium on Wednesday, October 15 in Polokwane in the return AFCON qualifier. Kick-off is sc ...\nBafana Bafana beat Polokwane City 2-0 in a friendly match played last night thanks to goals from David Zulu & Kermit Erasmus.\nIn Why Pirates coach Vladimir Vermezovic doesn't want to play Kermit Erasmus and Lehlohonolo Majoro together\nKermit Erasmus and Lehlohonolo Majoro in my fantasy league team look good together but in reality they are 2 similar players 1/2\nJesus is paying Oupa Manyisa so I'm paying Kermit Erasmus, RIP Lesley \"Slow poison\" Manyisa and Scarra Ngobese talking about football mania\nCongratulations to Senzo Meyiwa, Thabo Matlaba, Oupa Manyisa and Kermit Erasmus who have been called up to the...\nI think Shakes Mashaba should regard Mandla Masango as a Talent,Bongani Ndulula as an Asset and take Kermit Erasmus as a Gift to SA football\nin Shakes Mashaba squad the only missing passel is Kermit Erasmus,he is our best striker in PSL at the moment\nPSL Goals scores so far:. Both Oupa Manyisa and Kermit Erasmus are level on goals situation in the having...\nOrlando Pirates midfielder Daine Klate has backed his teammate Kermit Erasmus to reach double figures in terms of...\nDaine Klate has backed Bucs teammate Kermit Erasmus to hit double figures in terms of goals this season.\n\"Congratulations to Kermit Erasmus. Good goals. I gave him a handshake.\" - Pitso Mosimane\nErasmus: We Have To Keep Pushing Absa Premiership Orlando Pirates Kermit Erasmus Orlando Pirates striker, Kermit Erasmus, admits he wasn\u2019t taking his chances in front of goal prior to his brace against Mamelodi Sundowns on Wednesday evening. A brace from the Bafana Bafana international, combined with a goal from Lehlohonolo Majoro, saw the Buccaneers to a convincing 3-0 win, their first in the league. Erasmus, who was handed the Man of the Match accolade, said his team will look to push on and continue with their fine goal scoring form. \u201cThe past few league games I haven\u2019t been converting the chances we have been creating, but that is football,\u201d said Erasmus. \u201cIt is not about the amount of chances you miss, but it is about the chances you score. \u201cFor me as a striker I just have to keep pushing and keep believing a chance will come and I will score, and against Sundowns I scored two goals and I am happy about that. \u201cI am happy for the team and happy for the three points. It is a confidence bo ...\nTwo fantastic goals from Kermit Erasmus and another by Lehlohonolo Majoro gave Orlando Pirates a 3-0 Absa Premiership win over Mamelodi Sundowns at Loftus Stadium.\n- Two goals from Kermit Erasmus gave Pirates a 3-0 win over Sundowns\nA brace from Kermit Erasmus and a goal from Majoro handed Orlando Pirates their first win in the Absa Premiership. http:\u2026\nKermit Erasmus opened the scoring before Lehlohonolo Majoro scored 2 late goals to send Pirates to their 2nd consecuti\u2026\nLADUuMA! What a super GOALS from Kermit Erasmus & Lehlohonolo Majoro up the Bucs*\nJob well done boys and i give credit to Lehlohonolo Majoro and Kermit Erasmus,not forgeting the entire squad. Ba bangwe ne ba re menjeditse,mara 2moro ke bona. Re tla ba bona gabotse shapa bakajuju shapa! Injalo lendaba\nKermit Erasmus can learn a thing or 2 from Lehlohonolo Majoro\nI repeat,Kermit Erasmus' composure when trapping is something to cherish in South African football.\nE monna, he runs more than playing ball. Shakes shocking too \"Tokelo Rantie is the Kermit Erasmus version of Bafana.\"\nIn the 2011/2012 season Kermit Erasmus scored one more league goal(5) than Kennedy Mweene(4)\nOrlando Pirates forward Kermit Erasmus has set sights on rattling the back of the net again Moroka Swallows in the original Soweto Derby\nKermit Erasmus hopes to raise his game when ignite their Premiership campaign against Swallows.\nOpen Letter to Bobby Motaung Dear Mr. Bobby Motaung To tell you the truth baba you\u2019re such a coward, stingy careless manager I\u2019d ever seen. Wendoda why usihlekisa futhi usidelelisa ngabalandeli bamanye amaqembu amakhulu lapha eMzansi? Last season Kermit Erasmus wanted to play for Kaizer Chiefs you\u2019d failed to sign him. This transfer window both Thabo Qalinge and Keagan Dolly comes out publicly stating that they want to play for Kaizer Chiefs, yet you failed dismally to sign them. Thabo Qalinge: \u201cI haven\u2019t signed with anyone. But I can confirm that I did speak to the coach (Clive Barker) before and told him that I want to go and face new challenges somewhere else. I don\u2019t want to hide anything that my heart is with playing for Kaizer Chiefs.\u201d Keagan Dolly: \u201cThere has been interest from the big three (Sundowns, Pirates, Chiefs). Mostly Sundowns has been calling me. If I want money, I would definitely join them. But I would rather go to Chiefs because they are professional.\u201d Orlando Pirates ...\nContender for 'Selfie of the Year' perhaps? Daine Klate snapped this pic of hims"]}