{"q_indices": [115, 23, 121, 22, 79, 106, 111, 52, 92, 55, 50, 34, 5, 39, 45, 6, 35, 107, 14, 17, 13, 3, 85, 124, 57, 19, 82, 126, 72, 66, 99, 58, 89, 32, 108, 94, 98, 69, 21, 11, 38, 41, 4, 48, 47, 37, 117, 84, 122, 24, 67, 0, 101, 78, 109, 42, 25, 8, 59, 77, 105, 74, 63, 46], "a_indices": [64, 43, 16, 112, 33, 102, 62, 28, 44, 2, 123, 104, 81, 26, 76, 61, 91, 9, 56, 53, 12, 97, 15, 103, 113, 20, 27, 60, 90, 68, 88, 65, 49, 93, 10, 51, 40, 100, 31, 18, 30, 75, 119, 86, 54, 71, 110, 125, 70, 120, 116, 95, 83, 73, 7, 114, 80, 29, 96, 1, 36, 87, 118, 127], "texts": ["What do the cookies used on this site help to do", "range juice and ginger. Mix them well and reduce by half. Add the stock and bring to a boil. Add the pan drippings, reduce the heat and simmer until sauce reduces by half. Once sauce is done, strain it through a cheesecloth or fine strainer and set aside.\nTo serve, place the duckling on a large serving tray. Add the orange segments on top and around the duck, and pour the sauce over the duck", "nts a $450.3 million cut from what the president\u2019s never-passed FY2011 budget was requesting. The National Weather Service, of course, is part of NOAA \u2014 its funding drops by $126 million. The CR also reduces funding for FEMA management by $24.3 million off of the FY2010 budget, and reduces that appropriation by $783.3 million for FEMA state and local programs.\nHouse Republicans several times that year held disaster relief hostage, demanding that the funding be offset with spending cuts elsewhere in the budget. The GOP pulled the same trick when Missouri was hit by a deadly tornado in May, when Virginia was affected by an earthquake, and when Hurricane Irene struck America\u2019s east coast.\nRepublicans eventually struck a deal with Democrats as part of last August\u2019s Budget Control Act that should make it easier to fund disaster relief. However, the House Republican budget reneged on that agreement, setting the stage for more disaster relief shenanigans when the country can least afford political games", "What is the maximum number of pages allowed for submissions in multimedia projects", "When did Jennifer Lopez reach out to Diddy, according to the insider", "What was Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's position regarding Kapil Sibal's telecom proposal", "What is Rotarian Peter Moore hoping to find to help refugees in Haiti", "On TV, you have to boil down answers into the shortest, most concise sound bites. Right now, my favorite sound bite is \"Invest in Yellow: Corn, Wheat and Gold\". Some people might be scratching their heads and questioning why this is sound money advice.\nFirst of all, gold has outperformed other investments year over year. People that were invested in gold did not get creamed during the stock market dip. No, they profited. Gold continues its upward trend, and I'm still buying. Gold is a historical safe-haven during times of crisis. People who have gold and gold investments can hang onto their savings when their currency falls flat - something that I am predicting will happen to the U.S. Dollar and U.S. Government Bond market. While dollars go down in value, gold goes up.\nAs for corn and whe", "Who is catching for Tim Wakefield in his first start since returning from the disabled list", "Country Club, 1380 Myerlee Country Club Blvd., off Winkler Road, in Fort Myers from 2-5 p.m., Sunday, Aug. 26....\nNo comments posted for this article.\nPost a Comment", "Rating is available when the video has been rented.\nThis feature is not available right now. Please try again later.\nPublished on Feb 12, 2013\nIn this up close and personal video, Dan and Dave talk about the", "What maintenance is required for sliding glass doors to prevent them from coming off track", "The Writing Center of the Writing University.Next\n30 minute appointments up to twice a week. Suggestions and feedback on all kinds of writing, from course papers to creative pieces and mul", "What types of writing can one receive feedback and suggestions on at the Writing Center of the Writing University", "What are the main features of the Denes Adult Light wet dog food mentioned in the text", "Loeillet, John; Sonata for Treble Recorder and Continuo; Op. 3/6\nUsually ships in 24 hours.\n- Flute, Continuo, Alto (Treble) Recorder\n-", "In the golden age of the worker, when worker\u2019s rights were freshly won and the unions were widely respected as groups that helped tip the scales away from the bourgeois and towards the proletariat, one of the greatest threats to the newly rejuvenated working class was automation. \u201cOne day, the robots will come and destroy everything we\u2019ve worked for in the name of profit,\u201d they would say. Instead, the robots came and made things more efficient, safer and increased productivity greatly. Then, the politicians and the upper class came and destroyed everything they worked for in the name of profit.\nIn our time, it is a pretty safe bet to say it is no longer a golden age for the worker. It is, however, seemingly a golden age for independent games. Enter Vessel, the fluid based puzzler and first game from the liberated ex-EA employees over at Strange Loop Games. Vessel approaches the automation issue from a steampunk perspective, where liquid based lifeforms called fluros have been invented by the game\u2019s protagonist, who looks a surprising amount like Bruce Campbell, M. Arkwright. These creatures have become prevalent in society, taking over the majority of factory and manual labor jobs in almost every industry. As the story progresses, you come to find out that these formerly mindless creatures have begun to evolve and pursue their own goals. In the process, they\u2019ve stopped a multitude of important machines. Ever the scientist, Arkwright decides to investigate the fluros\u2019 evolution, repair the machines and find a way to bridge the gap between humanity and the fluros.\nThis story, like many indie games, is told in a very minimalistic way. There is no dialog, really, with the protagonist\u2019s thoughts conveyed through journal entries that offer a small bit of insight into the game\u2019s world \u2013 although they mostly exist to give you a basic rundown of the various mechanics that come into play. This leaves the real story, and especially the fairly surreal ending, mostly up to your interpretation. There are times where that can be a cop out, but this is not one of those times. I always found that games, and really all forms of entertainment, that use an \u201cup to interpretation\u201d story only work when the content is strong enough to prop it up, and Vessel\u2019s certainly is.\nThe gameplay here absolutely shines. Strange Loop created their own engine from the ground up in order to handle the fairly complex fluid physics present here, and the attention to detail shines. The engine\u2019s ability to handle dynamic liquid simulation puts Vessel a sea apart from its competition. The multiple different liquids all flow, accumulate, evaporate and react in a completely logical manner. Containers can fill up, overflow and be emptied. Pretty much anything you can do with water, you need to do in Vessel to make your way through its large amount of varied, and progressively more difficult, puzzles.\nI can\u2019t put enough emphasis on how well designed those puzzles really are. Vessel is very well paced, and the way it introduces the game\u2019s concepts steadily is novel. It doesn\u2019t give you many clues as to what you should do with the knowledge it gives you, and there aren\u2019t any big red arrows or signs saying \u201cHIT THIS BUTTON\u201d or \u201cMAKE STEAM HERE\u201d so you\u2019ll have to do all the leg work yourself. Like the minimalism in the story, the minimalism in feedback given to the player works because of the way the game is made. Of course, a scientist wouldn\u2019t need, or even want, everything spelled out to him easily. He would want to experiment, document and improve on his methods to solve these problems. Vessel, and its emphasis on the player figuring out the interactions between not just fluros and the environment, but fluros and other fluros, is as close to the scientific method as we are going to see in a puzzler.\nThese interactions between the various types of fluros, as well as the various types of material they can be made out of, comprise the bulk of the problem solving. Some levels will see you needing to open up a number of doors so you can place a fluro on a button, while others will need you to find ways for two fluros of differing materials to collide so that the gas or steam they create can open up a different area. It is quite a rewarding experience when you finall", "What benefits does the triple compound technology provide for the Fusion tyre", "lar maintenance to the tracks. Mostly because the dogs will get dirt into the runners. Once that happens, they'll come off track. It's really a shock to you when suddenly you are holding the glass door to keep it from falling!!! If you clean it when it begins to drag, you are fine.\nWe've replaced the rollers a couple of times, but it's easy and hubby does it. Again, because of the dirt build up in the tracks.\nI have a set of double glass doors with the blinds in them in another area of the house. I love them. Totally love them. Haven't had any problems. If my slider wasn't custom, I would have had it replaced by the doors a long time ago. We priced it out once and decided it just wasn't cost effective.\n|05-05-2014 01:42 PM|\n|Blanketback||My mom has mini-blinds in her windows and I'm quite jealous - no dusting required, and no dogs tearing them down lol. I'd get them if I had the chance.|\n|05-05-2014 01:37 PM|\n|Gretchen||We had double paned sliding glass door and our windows replaced back in 1996 using Milgard brand. They have been great! One side of our condo faces the ocean and gets the severe pounding rains. The sliding door and windows never leak. Their warranty is excellent, will repair for free. We've had two minor issues with the sliding door and their service person came out quickly, was clean, quick and professional. Sorry I don't know what you mean by the mini-blinds.|\n|05-05-2014 12:36 PM|\nSliding glass doors\nHave you gotten any lately? My husband wants new\nones and I'm sort of on the fence about it. He wants the\nkind that have the internal little mini-blinds. Any experience\npro or con? We wouldn't be installing ourselves, but\nany hints/tips would be appreciated, thanks!", "What advantages do markets have over grocery stores regarding food freshness and personal service", "istribution Warehouse To Table\u201d\nGrocery stores tend to order in large quantities. Product often go to a distribution center and then are shipped out to individual stores. Markets tend to order in small quantities right to their location. Produce, meat, dairy\u2026it\u2019s almost always going to be fresher in a market.\nWhere Everybody Knows Your Name\nIt\u2019s damned hard for an independent market today! So you should get fantastic personal service \u2013 or the market will be out of business. Become a regular and they\u2019ll probably remember your name. They\u2019ll remember your favorite items, email you when something you like (or they think you\u2019d like) comes in. Walk into Veritas Wine Room a few times and they\u2019ll remember your name \u2013 even when you can\u2019t.\nIf You Seek Unique\u2026\nTry finding Miso Happy Chocolate with red miso, tahini and black sesame anywhere but Dude, Sweet Chocolate. Thumann\u2019s natural casing hot dogs anywhere but Hirsch\u2019s Specialty Meats & Sausages. Pastosa Fresh Pasta (flown in from Brooklyn) anywhere but Jimmy\u2019s Food Store. Pure Ground\u2019s Fresh Chevre anywhere but Scardellos?\nSupport our local markets. It\u2019s fun, its old school, its hip, it\u2019s fresh and chances are you might find a new favorite food\u2026or make a new friend who will feed you really well.\nJon Alexis is the owner of TJ\u2019s Fresh Seafood Market and one of the very few fishmongers in Dallas. He is also a regular contributer to craveDFW.", "What experience do individuals mentioned in the text have with sliding glass doors and window treatments", "What are some positive and negative aspects of the game Vessel as described in the text", "What mistake did the officials make during the Dallas Cowboys' game that affected the timing of a play", "Why is the hypothesis of increased levels of 40K in the early Earth ruled out", "Who hit the game-winning home run for the Red Sox in the game described", "ion.\nThe Sibal-headed DoT, on the other hand, appears to be banking on the \"level playing field\" argument for old and new players in its proposal to charge auction- determined prices.\nThe finance ministry's logic is in sync with the views of the Planning Commission, which has gone into the issue in considerable detail.\nThe Commission has also stated that the terms of the unified access (UAS) licence give the government the power to change the terms at any time.\n'This is indeed a wide ranging power, but is usually meant to be used in an extreme case. If it is interpreted to mean that any change can be used at any time, it becomes to open ended, leading to uncertainty. It is doubtful that banks or other investors will finance telecom investments if the terms of licences are subject to such open ended certainty,' it concludes.\nAccording to the Planning Commission, the only rationale for the change seems to be that there should be a level playing field between new and incumbent operators. It has observed that all industries see new entrants entering at different times.\n'New entrants always incur different costs and very often face different tax environments from what the incumbents faced. For example, if interest rates have risen at a time when new incumbents are investing, they have a disadvantage over existing incumbents but interest rates are rationalised retrospectively on all outstanding loans of existing incumbents. New entrants in telecom are entering a field where the advantage of existing incumbents are known and it will be reflected in the competitive bid for the spectrum,' the Planning Commission further argued.\nMeanwhile, agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Monday evening recused himself from heading the Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) on telecom, three days after he replaced Pranab Mukherjee in the job.\nPawar, who was scheduled to chair the first meeting of the new EGoM, postponed the meeting and then wrote to the Prime Minister recalling how attempts were made in the past to drag him in the 2G controversy and that it would be appropriate for him to recuse himself", "New Customers can get a Free Father\u2019s Day Greeting Card from Treat.com. Just use code TREATDAD at checkout. If you get this mailed to you, you", "ap Flights from London Stansted to KefaloniaSeptember 2015\nCheap Flights from Kefalonia to London Stansted\nfrom London Stansted\nThu 24 Sep 2015\nNo return fligh", "Gavin Floyd (3.98, 118 ERA+) / Tim Wakefield (4.31, 110 ERA+)\nWakefield returns from the DL (lower back and left calf) for his first start since July 8. His pitches shall float like a butterfly while the Red Sox bats sting like a bee. A big fookin' nine-stinger stabbin' bee. Well, maybe an eight-stinger bee, since Seabass will be in there.\nBrave Victor Martinez will be behind the plate:\nI'm really looking forward to it. I've had a chance to catch four or five of his [bullpen sessions]. ... I'm pretty excited. ... You don't have to look pretty catching it. You just have to make sure that you catch it.Since Wakefield's mobility in somewhat uncertain, Tito will go with strong gloves at the corners: Kotchman 1B and Yook 3B, with Tiz DHing.\nAlso: Rangers (Holland)/Yankees (Pettitte) at 7 PM", "US 5396417 A\nA data collection device and method, particularly for point-of-sale systems used in the sales and rental of merchandise including video records, and more particularly for a revenue-sharing video record rental system. In such a revenue-sharing system, both revenue-sharing records and ordinary merchandise can be sold using the same point-of-sale entry system. Data relating to the sales of rental of records is separated from the other data generated at the point-of-sale terminals by a data capture device, and the separated data is transmitted to a central computer where it is further processed to separate revenue-sharing record data from other record data, compute the shares due the store proprietor and the distributor of the revenue-sharing records, and for the performance of other functions. The data capture device is usable with a very wide variety of current point-of-sale computers and software so that the store owner can participate in the revenue-sharing system without the expense of buying new software compatible with the central computer. A relatively inexpensive, small-footprint data input terminal is provided.\n1. A point-of-sale system comprising, in combination, data entry means for entering data concerning the sale and/or rental of merchandise, means for developing display signals corresponding to said data, display means responsive to said display signals for displaying said data in visual form, and data collection means for receiving said display signals and selecting from said signals those representing predetermined data, and sending said predetermined data to a remote location for processing.\n2. A system as in claim 1 in which said data collections means is responsive to signals in ASCII code form.\n3. A system as in claim 1 in which said merchandise includes video records, and said predetermined data includes data regarding rental transactions for video records.\n4. A system as in claim 3 in which said remote location is a computer processing location in a revenue-sharing system for computing and sorting shares of rental revenues.\n5. A system as in claim 1 in which said display means is a member of the group consisting of a character display screen and a printer.\n6. A system as in claim 5 in which said display screen, printer and data collection means all are responsive to ASCII code.\n7. A system as in claim 1 in which said data collection means includes data template means for selecting said signals based on the position of the images produced by said signals in said display means.\n8. A system as in claim 1 including a master computer and LAN adapter means connecting said data entry means together with said master computer in a local area network.\n9. A system as in claim 8 in which said data entry means includes a small-footprint point of sale terminal for entering sales and rentals of merchandise, including sales and rentals of video records, said terminal comprising, in combination, a housing, a small display in said housing for displaying at least one line of character images, a keypad in said housing, said keyboard having numerical entry keys, programmable function keys, and substantially less than a full complement of alphabetic character entry keys, connector means for connecting said terminal to said master computer in said local area network, and dedicated key input means for operation to identify to said master computer a video record rental transaction.\n10. A system as in claim 8 in which said remote location is a computer processing location in a revenue-sharing system for computing and sorting shares of rental revenues and recipients thereof, said master computer of said local area network being programmed with software operable with that of the computer at said remote location to upload data to the remote computer and receive downloaded data from said remote computer.\n11. A system as in claim 8 in which said remote location is a computer processing location in a revenue-sharing system for computing and sorting shares of rental revenues, said master computer of said local area network being programmed with software operable with that of the computer at said remote location, said data collection means being connected to said data entry means and operating to deliver said predetermined data to said remote location in compatible form, without altering the programming of said master computer.\n12. A data collection device for selecting predetermined output data signals from output data signal streams created by diverse types of miniature computers, said data collection device comprising data collection means for selecting said predetermined data signals from said data signal streams in response to output data signals for delivery to a visual display device in a form common to said diverse types of miniature computers, and means for transmitting the selected predetermined data signals to a utilization location separate from the destination of said data signal streams.\n13. A device as in claim 12 in which the data in said streams is in ASCII display code.\n14. A device as in claim 12 in which each of said miniature computers is a part of a point-of-sale system including display and printer means connected to receive said output data streams and adapted for rental of video records.\n15. A device as in claim 12 in which said data collection means includes data template means for selecting said predetermined data signals based on the position of images produced by said output data signals in said visual display device.\n16. A device as in claim 12 including means, programmed to form movable variable areas on said visual display device to permit positions on said visual display device from which signals are selected to be changed either by local operation of one of said miniature computers, or remotely from a remote computer at said utilization location.\n17. A revenue-sharing video record data collection system for collecting data from a plurality of remote video record marketing locations and for transmitting selected portions of said data to a revenue-sharing computer at a computing location, said system comprising, in combination, a point of sale system at each of a plurality of marketing locations, each of said point of sale systems comprising, in combination, data entry means for entering data concerning the sale and/or rental of merchandise, means for developing display signals corresponding to said data, means responsive to said display signals for displaying said data in visual form, and data collection means for receiving said display signals and selecting from said signals those representing predetermined data, and sending predetermined data to said revenue-sharing computer.\n18. A data collection system as set forth in claim 17, in which said predetermined data is that relating to video record rentals, and said revenue-sharing computer is adapted to compute the shares of record rentals due the participants in said system.\n19. A data collection system as set forth in claim 17, in which said point of sale system includes means for storing the data selected, and dial-up modem means for periodically sending the stored data to said revenue-sharing computer through public communications channels.\n20. A method of selecting predetermined output data signals from output data signal streams created by diverse types of miniature computers, said method comprising the steps of analyzing the display signals for displaying images using the display means of any one of a plurality of said diverse types of miniature computers, utilizing a circuit device, responsive to data in a single display code used by all of said display signals, for selecting predetermined data from said output data signal streams, and transmitting the selected predetermined data to a utilization location separate from the destination of said data signal streams.\n21. A method as in claim 20 including the step of displaying images corresponding to said display", "|05-06-2014 06:48 PM|\nThanks everybody, you brought\nup some things I hadn't considered!\n|05-05-2014 03:27 PM|\nAnd a side note regarding the double paned with the blinds in the middle... Being in the south, I was afraid that little eight legged monsters would take up housekeeping between the panes of glass. And when you looked through them you'd get to watch the colony grow.\nNot the case. I've had them up for over 5 years now, nothing living between the panes. They still look brand new...well, after I clean the glass. The dogs love to lay against it.\n|05-05-2014 02:45 PM|\nI have sliding glass doors going to the backyard. Fortunately no need for window treatments. My screen has a nice tear from Lakota. I have a doggie door for the slider easy to put in take out.\nWe had an apartment once that we had the blinds on, difficult to clean.\n|05-05-2014 02:08 PM|\n|Blanketback||I have sliding glass doors too, but plain ones. I've made my own dog barrier with the screen, by using a metal dog crate panel wedged against it. The screen pops out of the spline fairly easily with just a few muzzle punches, lol - no need to jump right against it. With the panel in place, it's perfect.|\n|05-05-2014 02:01 PM|\nMy mom has the \"mini blinds\" in a regular door and they, to me, are awesome. I would get them.\nAlso, we have two sets of sliding glass doors that came with the house and they don't leak. The only problem is that the sliding screen door that came with it was busted when we brought the house so it gets jammed. However, that is irrelevant to your question so...I say, if you can, go for it!\n|05-05-2014 02:00 PM|\nI have custom sliding glass doors that lead to my back yard. They are old and require regu", "What are the two photographs that emerge in the work JEST, and what significant theme do they represent", "EasyTerra Car Rental Melbourne is an independent car rental comparison site. Our system compares prices from well-known car rental companies so as a customer you can always reserve your rental car through us at a competitive rate.\nAverage rating: 7.6 of 10 Number of customer reviews: 1\nRon KrancherHertz Melbourne Airport\n\u201c\"We booked a car for Australia through their clear and well organized website. The car was ready at Melbourne Airport according to the agreed (and competitively priced) price. It was an excellent 4WD that had very little mileage and we enjoyed it thoroughly. EasyTerra found us an excellent deal.\nGreetings, Ron and Hitty Krancher\"\u201d\nSimon NanEuropcar Melbourne Airport\n\u201cNice people and cars\u201d\n\u201cAs said before, nice people and car.\u201d\nLocation information for Melbourne\nMelbourne is the capital of the Australian state Victoria. It is a very attractive city: spaciously designed, mostly low buildings (except the central business district), large parks and lakes. The houses the world's second largest botanical gardens, after Kew Gardens in London. In the city centre there are modern skyscrapers, but there is also a part of 19th century Melbourne. Melbourne claims to be the cultural capital of Australia, although the people of Sydney disagree. There is an enormous rivalry between the inhabitants of these two cities (which is why the country's capital - Canberra - is located in between).\nThe city has 3.7 million inhabitants. Like many cities in Australia, most of them are of British or Irish descent, but there are also large groups of immigrants from every corner of the world. Australians have a reputation as sports lovers, and that applies especially to the people of Melbourne. It was in this city that Australian Rules Football was born (a kind of rugby, but with different rules), and the city houses an array of sports facilities.\nThe city is located in the south-east of Australia, some 800 kilometres to the south-west of Sydney. Its origin is on the river Yarra, which flows into Port Phillip Bay. Melbourne is the most southerly city in the world with a population of over a million..\nMelbourne is an important commercial and industrial centre. About a third of the large multinational Australian companies have there head offices in this city (including telecom giant Telstra, mining company BHP Billiton and the National Australian Bank). The largest trade union also has its headquarters in Melbourne. The city has a large seaport (Western Port Bay) with related industries, like shipbuilding and oil refineries. Also, cars (Toyota and Ford) and electronic equipment are manufactured there.\nThe city is also a leading centre of education. The University of Melbourne is considered the best of Australia, and attracts many foreign students. Monash University also belongs to the Top 8 of Australia's universities.\nThere are two airports near Melbourne. The most important one is Melbourne Airport in Tullamarine, 22 kilometres to the north-west of the city. The airport provides both domestic and international connections. There is a shuttle bus (Skybus) between the airport and Southern Cross bus station to the west of the city centre.\nAvalon Airport only processes domestic flights, especially by budget airline JetStar (Sydney, Brisbane, Adelaide, Darwin and Perth). The air", "What is laurlynn contemplating about", "When is the 20th anniversary celebration of the Sharps and Flats Club being held", "Cece the baby platy journal\nI wanted to start this journal, to keep track of my first baby fry platy, looks like it will be a mickey mouse platy just like his/her momma. Cece is 11 days old, when I first saw it, it had a little black on the tail and light orange. As it getting older the colors are becoming brighter and th", "What Has Skerovic achieved in her basketball career as mentioned in the text", "What is the primary purpose of the data collection device and method described in US 5396417 A", "What concern does the Planning Commission raise regarding the 'open ended' power the government has to change the terms of unified access licenses in the telecom sector", "Geotags, aerial synths, street synths\u2026 capturing events as they happen. If you can mark it on a map, then this is the place to talk about it.\nThere are some really cool places in the world that I'd love to see synths of, but for lack of time and money haven't been able to make it to (yet). Here's my list. What about other people, what would you like to see?\n\u2022 Shiptons Arch, China\n\u2022 Angel Falls, Venezuela\n\u2022 Nazca lines, Peru\n\u2022 Bungle Bungles, Australia\n\u2022 some bones in dinosaur national monument, Colorado/Utah\n\u2022 Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe/Zambia\n\u2022 K2/Baltoro Glacier, Pakistan http://maps.live.com/default.aspx?v=2&FORM=LMLTCP&cp=35.759607~76.548615&style=h&lvl=11&tilt=-90&dir=0&alt=-1000&cam=-54.055532~-37.330167&scene=-1&phx=0&phy=0&phscl=1&encType=1\n\u2022 Deer Cave, Malaysia\nThe Ice Hotel!\n[Insert large cavern system here] preferably shot both as a walk-through (and back!) but also as panoramics in areas of interest so we get lots of donuts.\nAnother one high on my list would be an aerial synth of the Grand Canyon, preferably done about 200' below the altitude of the rim so you're down in it the whole way. Ideally, photograph it using a hemispherical array of cameras all synchronized to a single shutter control so you get instant donuts every time an exposure is taken.\nBut you know what would be tops on my list? For the Mars rover teams to submit their pictures as massive synths. MWAHAHAHAHAHAA! I'd love to boldly go where no man has gone before. Ok, so little wheeled robots have, but...\nI realize I'm posting things that aren't likely to be picked up by someone local to the place who says, \"Sure! That's easy enough!\" but these really are the places I'd love to see synthed.\nHow about New Zealand. Not exciting? I'm talking about someone Synth'ing their Bungie trip from the walk up, to the jump off, the way down, and the bounce back up.\nThat camera had better be strapped onto their helmet...\nFracture - this thread was meant to be list of all the places in the world we'd like to see a synth of where we currently don't have one. We actually have OK coverage of NZ, but havent seen any taken while bungie jumping. That would be fairly cool, skydiving as well.\nCan you guys think of any more places/situtation we need synths of?\nSon Doong Cave In Vietnam\nWhile I was replying to a thread about collaborative synths, this came to mind:\nI know Photosynth won't synth water, but a closer statement would be that it won't synth the water's surface. Underwater there are loads of fixed points to tie images together. Soooo...\nI'd love to see a synth of a coral reef. That would be a BLAST.\nEven better, I'd love to figure out a way to tie the below-water images to the above-water shots and have someone on the reef and someone else on shore doing a collaborative synth. You'd be able to \"stand on the beach\" at the beginning of the synth, and \"dive underwater\" to see the reef.\n(Oh PLEEEEZE tell me someone is interested in doing this! I don't have an underwater housing on my camera!!)\nI think Tom's onto something here. I think the transition from above water to below water would be the absolute hardest part, but I too would LOVE to see this.\nA good polarizer and a really careful choice of angles might work. I've had underwater features show up in a couple of synths I've done this way. It might be enough to tie the two, though the other direction would be a LOT harder.\n(Anyone on the Big Island with an underwater housing for their camera? I'll do the dry-land photography!)\nCave systems in halong bay/Cat Ba island Vietnam would fit your suggestion TBenedict, and I'd love to see them\nhttp://images.google.com/images?q=halong bay cave system&rls=com.microsoft:en-gb:IE-SearchBox&oe=UTF-8&sourceid=ie7&rlz=1I7HPEA_en&um=1&ie=UTF-8&sa=N&hl=en&tab=wi\nAlso synths of reefs.. excellent idea. There are a huge team of underwater photographers in Egypt and some awesome dive sites I'm sure the Devs here could fire off some emails to camel divers & they could use it for promo work ;) ;) One possiblility would be", "What is the purpose of the unique character(s) added to the data stream before transmission", "What is expected to happen to the demand for agricultural products and prices, according to the text", "nly gave Dallas only 25 seconds, rather than 40, after a 34-yard completion to Jason Witten in the fourth quarter. It was obvious the Cowboys didn't have enough time, but Steratore blew the play dead when the clock hit zeros and gave them a five-yard delay-of-game penalty anyway.\nNBC's Cris Collinsworth and Al Michaels noticed immediately that something wasn't right, but nobody on Steratore's crew did. And the Cowboys never protested. Shockingly stupid.\nThis actually happens quite frequently, but the officials almost always pick up on the miscue from the clock operator and pick up the flag. Not this time, and in a huge moment.\nNow, Dallas scored on the drive anyway and lost regardless, but this was a massive blunder that would have been criticized in a big way had it affected the outcome.\nThe stupidest lapse in coverage, Bengals edition\nSomeone tell the Ravens that A.J. Green is one of the five best receivers in football.\nThe stupidest lapse in coverage, Bears edition\nIt's 4th-and-8 with your season on the line, and you let this happen?\nThe stupidest example of a lack of awareness\nHow often do we see packs of players, or at least individuals, go ape$%#& in attempts to recovery fumbles that clearly weren't fumbles? The one damn time we get a fumble that is actually a fumble on a strange play, and nobody on either Chicago or Green Bay even makes an effort\u2026\nThat might have been the difference in what was the de facto NFC North championship game.\nThe stupidest front-office decision\nDo Jimmy Haslem, Joe Banner, Michael Lombardi and everyone else running the Cleveland Browns really believe the team they put on the field in 2013 was any better than its 4-12 record? Did they expect more from a team that traded its 2012 No. 3 overall pick midseason, lacked a half-decent starting quarterback and was still rebuilding on both sides of the ball?\nI don't understand how an organization gives up on a head coach 352 days into his tenure, but the Browns did exactly that on Sunday night, firing Rob Chudzinski after a 4-12 season. That makes little sense to me, or anyone in the football world not named Haslem, Banner or Lombardi.\nIn Lombardi's defense, he was named general manager after Chudzinski was hired last January. But really, that ass-backwards approach probably helped lead to this and only helps establish how stupid this entire organization is", "\"Republicans Held Disaster Relief Hostage Several Times In 2011\"\nTropical Storm Issac continues to bear down on the Gulf Coast on Monday, with the National Hurricane Center predicting that it will become a Category 1 hurricane before it makes landfall. There\u2019s a chance that the storm will hit New Orleans nearly seven years to the day that Hurricane Katrina decimated the city.\nRepublicans have largely canceled the first day of the Republican National Convention in Tampa Bay, Florida, due to the storm, which swiped southern Florida yesterday. But in 2011, House Republicans displayed far less concern for the victims of natural disasters, attempting to slash funds for disaster preparedness and response, as Slate\u2019s Dave Weigel noted at the time:\nAccording to the House Appropriation Committee\u2019s summary of the bill, the [GOP\u2019s 2011 continuing resolution] funds Operations, Research and Facilities for the National Oceanic Atmospheric Association with $454.3 million less than it got in FY2010; this represe", "What song did Starbucks choose as its song of the week on Valentine's Day", "What evidence suggests that a planned takeover of the Episcopal Church is underway", "Why is Jelena Skerovic particularly excited about next year's EuroBasket Women tournament", "Did Jennifer Lopez and Diddy go on a date recently, and if so, where did they go", "llaria Turba is a visual artist working mainly with photography, video and animation to create artworks, installations, site specific projects and communication projects. Her works are the result of a personal experience that intertwines visual experimentation with other disciplines: social science, performative art, oral history and very often the result of a collaboration with other artists, artisans and professionals\nJEST is her first photobook and has been released at the end of 2016 by the Berlin-based publisher Peperoni Books. In January 2018 the first solo exhibition of JEST will open at the Museum l\u2019Atelier in Nantes (FR).\nJEST originates from Ilaria Turba\u2019s exploration of her own family photo archive: five generations of images dating from 1870 to today are the starting point for a visual search. Photography, manipulated or not, is intertwined with other disciplines like dance, soun", "What type of crafting supplies does the member express interest in", "final release of their Smoke & Mirrors playing cards. They discuss the history of the brand, their inspiration, how it evolved, and what went into creating the most successful playing card franchise of late", "What is the date of the flight from London Stansted to Kefalonia", "eating Fusion tyre. Features a 3-compound tread to optimise durability acceleration and cornering grip. Competition style slick profile.Like the Atom Comp X-Light the Fusion 3 X-Light is optimised for greater efficiency reduced resistance and lighter weight. 185g 700x23Triple CompoundTriple compound technology enables three rubbers with different properties to be used together to\nTriangle Touch Light with 3 Leds on other UK sites\nComfort and style are matched perfectly in the adidas Y-3 by Yohji Yamamoto Neoprine Zip Top jacket.V neck jacket constructed from trendy scuba knit.Long sleeves with straight hem.Banded hem and arm cuffs.Dual front zip closure.Side seam hand pockets.Shell: 100% polyamide.Middle: 100% PU.Inner: 100% polyamide.Hand wash cold, hang dry in shade.Imported. Measurements:Length: 34 inProduct\nJess (Melissa George \u2013 THE AMITYVILLE HORROR) gets more than she bargained for whilst on a yachting holiday with a party of friends. When a vicious storm renders their vessel powerless the group seek refuge on a passing cruise ship but Jess is struck instantly by an uneasy feeling of having seen the liner before. Once aboard the ship the friends find their newfound haven deserted but\n3 More Inches Mousse smoothes coarse hair and thickens fine hair giving brilliant control and finish to all hair types. With no brittle or sticky after effects 3 More inches Mousse is a firm favourite of salon and session stylists alike. Long-lasting hold and a flexibility to style without damaging the hair this mousse is perfect for all hair types. 3 More Inches Mousse contains a unique\nEnhance your aquarium with decorative light and air bubbles from a single, easy-to-install unit. Fully submersible linear LED accent light has 6 LEDs for striking light effects in any aquarium setup. Built-in airstone produces a curtain of air bubble to promote proper gas exchange. The LED Bubble Wand boasts low heat emission and low energy consumption. Includes suction cup mount and 10 ft lon", "There won't be many players as excited as Jelena Skerovic when next year's EuroBasket Women tips off.\nSkerovic will wear the Montenegro shirt when the tournament is held in Poland.\nHer national team qualified for the event for the first time in their history last summer.\n\"It's a huge success for my career,\" Skerovic said to Basketball World News.\n\"With the national team, we have a chance to show our game and our possibilities in the European Championship.\n\"In three years, we", "What budget cuts did the National Weather Service and FEMA experience according to the text", "Powerful 3 dioptre 120mm precision lens gives high quality magnifying capabilities. Features 48 SMD LEDs to illuminate the object for improved detailed work. Multi-position swing arm allows simple positioning of lamp to suit task. Features a G-clamp ...\nDenes Adult Light is a delicious reduced calorie wet dog food which contains all the essential nutrients, vitamins and minerals your dog needs. This wholesome food is low in salt and has a high fibre content. It is made using only the very best meat which is mixed with vegetables and grain and rounded off with a sprinkling of healthy herbs. It has a balanced nutrient profile and provides your dog\nThis dummy CCTV dome camera has a deterring effect on burglars and vandals. The camera is hard to distinguish from real security cameras due to the professional design and the IR LEDs that light up in dark surroundings. Product properties Voltage 3 V Type Dummy Housing Indoor + Outdoor Resolution None Lines No. of LEDs 25 Voltage Type DC Image Chip No PTZ Interface No Picture No Dust & Water\nAdjustable sensor will detect movement and automatically switch on and off. Dusk till dawn function will only illuminate when light levels drop.Features- 3x Super Bright LEDs- Adjustable Sensor- Detects Movement- Automa...\nBeautiful indoors or outdoors Orders must arrive by Noon Monday 21st December.Ideal for both indoor and outdoor use, you can create a stunning centrepiece to your Christmas or all year round garden lighting display with this Cherry Blossom Tree covered with 150 multi-coloured LED bulbs. Mains operated with plug.\nTouch of Light highlighter pen that camouflages dark areas and re shapes the faceSay goodbye to dark circles forever. Wear alone or over your makeup and watch those tiredness signs disappear... contains micro reflective particles to throw out more light where applied apply a tiny amount into the dark areas under eyes, creases around nose and mouth can also be applied to jawbone, cheekbones etc to\nThe world b", "What makes markets in Dallas distinct from gourmet grocery stores", "What are Mia's plans for her future career", "What should you do with the duck after roasting it for about 45 minutes", "get it shipped free too. If you get it mailed somewhere elese, all you pay is the cost of the stamp. This code is good to use through 5/31/13", "g children get the physical therapies they need.\nWinning goddesses: Congratulations to Corrie Carrigan for winning a ruby, diamond and gold jewelry set worth $18,000 at Be a Goddess two weeks ago. You will look fabulous in those jewels. Meanwhile, Rachel Mackenzie won a stay at a couple's resort near Algonquin Park.\nIt's nice to see how they will continue to celebrate, long after the ladies' pampering event wrapped up.\nCongratulations to the United Way for another incredible event.\nLooking for a Maytag repair man: Rotarian Peter Moore is heading back to Haiti where he and a team of volunteers help refugees from Haiti who are living in camps in the Dominican Republic. Working with a team of healthcare professionals, he is hoping to find a handyman to join the crew, someone who can teach the refugees how to fix small motors.\nMr. Moore is also looking for donations of clothes and toiletries of any kind to take on the trip. To find out more, go to www.HHART.info to see the wish list. He hopes to gather everything together by March 18 in order to pack it for the voyage.\nThe Haitian Humanitarian and Relief Trip (HHART4) is organized by the Midland Rotary Club with members from various clubs participating from April 2 to 9.", "Cheap Flights to Kefalonia from London Stansted\nCheck our Timetables\nNo results to show for this search, please broaden your search criteria and try again.\nChe", "What is the main goal of the AAC and the Network as mentioned in the text", "The final stupid weekend of what was an extremely stupid NFL regular season. I mean, they're all pretty stupid, but this one certainly felt more stupid than usual. Bad calls, bad coaching, bad penalties. Just stupidity all around. Let's summarize for Week 17\u2026\nThe second stupidest officiating moment, Bill Leavy edition\nWith playoff implications in play, Leavy's crew had a rough go in the late moments of the Chiefs-Chargers game. The first example wasn't necessarily a bad call, but it was still poor officiating because Leavy's crew didn't perform their due diligence.\nDeep in their own territory, the Chargers snapped it to Eric Weddle on a fake punt on 4th-and-2. Weddle apparently gained the first down before he fumbled, leading to a Kansas City touchdown. It was ruled by Leavy's crew, though, that his forward progress was stopped before he coughed it up. Again, might have been the right call on a bang-bang play, but why wasn't first-down yardage reviewed? And why was no explanation given? This was a play that had major implications and merited an extra look, but Leavy and Co. ignored all of the options put in place for them to get these calls right.\nThe stupidest officiating moment, Bill Leavy edition\nBut that game might not have even gone to overtime had Leavy's crew noticed that the Chargers had an illegal formation with seven men on one side of the ball when Ryan Succop missed what would have been the game-winning field goal late in the fourth quarter.\nThe worst part of this: Two officials\u2014who appear from the tape to be side judge Keith Parham and umpire Ruben Fowler\u2014were staring straight at the line from behind the Chargers rushers before the snap of the ball. They had to see the seven Chargers on the line to the right of the ball, which is illegal. Teams can have only six men on either side of the ball when it is snapped on a field-goal try.\nHad a flag been thrown, Succop would have had another chance from only 36 yards out. In his career, he's an 85-percent kicker from that range. Had the kick been made, Pittsburgh would be the No. 6 seed in the AFC, rather than San Diego.\nThe stupidest officiating moment, Gene Steratore edition\nSteratore doesn't get mentioned here very often because he's a damn good referee. But Sunday night, he overlooked something that could have cost the Cowboys their season. The play clock operator mistake", "ment. She has plans to open her own model agency and experience in front of the camera is certain to help this ambitious girl on her way.\nMia is gorgeous, polite and full of personality. She is the kind of girl you could easily fall in love with. She has the tiniest of appetites... but like many girls Mia just loves chocolate!\nWith brains and beauty this girl is definitely headed for the top!", "What topics related to nonprofit finance and management are covered in the text segment", "What types of products does Kulture Moto offer for motorcycle enthusiasts", "profit Trends that Need to Die\nHow Much to Pay the Executive Director?\nFrom Black Panther to Nonprofit CFO\nNonprofit Auctions: A Complete Compliance Guide and Sample Forms\nFinance & Strategy\nAsk Rita in HR\nPoint of Vu (humor)\nFirst Person Nonprofit\nBlue Avocado Investigates\nNonprofit Life & Style\nAbout Blue Avocado\nEditor's Notes Selected\nDonate to American Nonprofits, sponsor of Blue Avocad", "What type of photography does the author particularly wish to see combined with the use of a glass bottom boat", "The existing atmosphere surrounding the earth contains a little less than one percent of the inert gas Argon, an approximate total of 6.59 x 1019 grams. The isotope Argon-40 (40AR) is 99.6 percent of the total Argon. The only know source of 40Ar is the radioactive decay of Potassium-40 (40K), of which 11.2 percent decays into 40AR and the remainder into Calcium-40 (40CA). The lithosphere (outer layers) of the earth has been estimated to be 2.59 percent Potassium, of which about 0.01167 percent is 40K. An approximately total of 5 x 1021 grams of 40K in the earth of which 11.2 percent could eventually decay into 40Ar. 40K has a half life of 1.26 billion years (1.26 x 109). To generate the amount of 40Ar in the atmosphere would require in round numbers 250 million years. However the model of an 4.5 billion year old earth would estimate that around 90 percent of the 40K had decayed, so originally there could have been around 50 x 1021 grams which would decrease the generation time to about 25 million years.\nBut 40Ar within the earth is only a small part of the story! Just because you have generated the required amount of 40AR due to decay within the earth does not mean that it will all appear in the atmosphere in a short time. Instead the majority will be trapped within the rocks of the earth until it can some how be released to the atmosphere by some type of volcanic event. When the rocks containing the 40Ar are heated to the molten state the gas will escape to the atmosphere except when it as at considerable depth and then the pressure will allow less of the gas to escape. Since there is at present relatively little volcanic action on the earth, in main that at the mid-ocean ridges and a few other isolated volcanic areas, 40Ar gas is released to the atmosphere at a very slow rate of approximately 2.2 x 109 grams per year. The figure below represents a plot of the rate of Argon release to the atmosphere, called outgassing, that has been proposed by one scientific study.\nfrom ref. http://www.geo.cornell.edu/geology/classes/ Geo656/00notes/656_00Lecture25.pdf\nThese theories provide for a much faster outgassing rate and of course allows the present atmospheric Argon levels to be developed in 4.5 billion years since that is the age of the earth that many scientists propose. The plot of the 129Xe is of interest to us only because the study used the known decay rate of 129Iodine to 129Xe and the present atmospheric content of 129Xe to derive the proposed degassing rate. This is possible because 129Iodine has a short half life of 17 million years and today for all practical purposes no longer exists in the earth. Then using this information along with the known decay rate of 40Ar they were able to arrive at a proposed degassing rate with an initial \"burp\" of degassing with the early earth in a molten state. As the earth solidified the degassing rate then entered a second slower phase.\nThe question is are their any other possibilities that would allow for the atmospheric Argon to be developed in a very short time, less than 10,000 years?\na) Could the ea", "'ve gone from the B division to the A division and showed we can play basketball.\n\"I think we're going to be good.\n\"People are going to start looking at us.\n\"It makes me very proud, to be Montenegrin and to be a part of the national team.\"\nSkerovic, a 1.77m guard, turns 30 two days before Christmas.\nShe is right now competing for Frisco Sika Brno in the Czech top flight and the EuroLeague Women.\nBrno will take on Gorzow in Poland this week in Europe's elite club competition.", "What is the main theme addressed in the text segment about American Nonprofits", "ove ultracapacitors. \"I don't doubt that they have built a device on a small scale that does store the amounts of energy they are talking about. I just don't know if they can manage the process of scaling it up ... for commercial applications.\"\nDr. Schindall and his colleagues hope soon to demonstrate a fivefold boost in ultracapacitor energy storage to up to 25 percent of the energy storage capacity of a lithium battery \u2013 and someday up to 50 percent \u2013 using a different approach to the problem.\nSuch significant advances would make ultracapacitors viable in vehicles, though they still fall far short of Clifford's claims about EESU.\nMaking commercial quantities of EESUs could prove challenging since even tiny impurities and defects in manufacturing could result in \"a violent discharge,\" Schindall notes.\nSafety is a huge issue for energy storage in vehicles whether powered by gasoline, ethanol, hydrogen, batteries \u2013 or ultracapacitors. High-capacity lithium-ion battery research for cars, for instance, is focused on ensuring those devices don't burst into flames. EEStor has ensured that its new ultracapacitor will be safe if damaged in a crash by \"instantly discharging to ground,\" Clifford says.\nSkeptics don't bother him, he says, because \"we've seen this product with our own eyes.\"\n\"We've had a great 100-year run with petroleum,\" Clifford says. \"But the time has come for all of us to come to our senses now and realize that the electric-powered era for cars has finally arrived.\"\nComments from EEStor\nMuch of the rampant skepticism on the Internet over whether or not EEStor has had a breakthrough in automotive propulsion stems from the company's reticence to speak or to demonstrate its product publicly. Only a handful of press releases have been issued since the company was formed, and press reports have rarely included any direct quotes from company managers. Below are comments from a Monitor e-mail interview with Tom Weir, vice president and general manager, EEStor, Inc.\nCan you offer an idea of what your product could do for automotive transportation and a time horizon for development?\n\"We see our Electrical Energy Storage Unit, 'EESU,' enabling the next generation of electric vehicles. The main feature of the EESU is [its ability to] charge and dis-charge at electric speed. This is a key enabling factor for the advancement of the next generation of vehicles. Another feature is the amount of power the EESU can store. Lastly, the EESU is expected to be considered fully 'green.' \"\nSome have suggested that ultracapacitors will play more of a supporting role \u2013 others that it's a \"game changer,\" or even world changing. How would you describe the potential?\n\"EEStor's technology has the opportunity to touch every aspect of daily life from very big to very small devices. We also see a whole new generation of products and services that [are] based around our technology.\"\nHow would you characterize EEStor's contribution to developing new systems to transmit the energy for automotive propulsion?\nEEStor has announced passing an evaluation on purity of its production process. Explain why this is important.\n\"To be discussed in the near future.\"\nWhy has EEStor been so quiet, some say secretive, about what it is doing?\n\"We talk about our achievements through press releases. We talk with our current customers almost daily. We will also talk about more things when the time is right.\"\nDo you see any show stoppers, or is it just a matter of ramping up?\n\"With any start-up you have some speed bumps that come up from time to time. We have no show stoppers.\"\nCompetitors rev their engines\nAt the North American International Auto Show in January, AFS Trinity created a stir by strutting its \"extreme hybrid\" plug-in concept vehicle that uses ultracapacitors to boost battery life and get 150 miles per gallon. The Bellevue, Wash.-based company sees ultracapacitors as a natural fit with new generation lithium-ion batteries that are vital to plug-in hybrids. Company chairman Edward Furia compares batteries to a long-distance runner (providing the stamina a car needs over the long haul) while ultracapacitors are akin to a weight lifter \u2013 giving cars that 0-to-60 oomph while minimizing impact on the delicate battery.\nAs oil prices rise, new ultracapacitor research has emerged. Companies like Maxwell Technologies, Panasonic, Nippon Chemi-Con, and others are working on advanced devices with attributes of both an ultracapacitor and a battery, according to a November report from the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). But the recent focus is only a continuation of a long-term fascination with ultracapacitors in automobiles.\nA small fleet of ultracapacitor-powered buses began running in Moscow in 1995, and some garbage trucks in the US now use ultracapacitors to efficiently absorb energy from braking \u2013 and discharge it for acceleration, the IEEE article notes. Honda's Dualnote concept car in 2002 also showed off ultracapacitors' ability to instantly absorb braking energy and then return it in acceleration. German automaker BMW is also said to be evaluating ultracapacitors in their hybrid vehicles.", "What traits or characteristics are mentioned about the fish in the tank", "he data stored in the output data buffer at steps S133 and S143 at the termination of a screen is supplied by way of the output parallel printer port of the terminal T1 to the data tap 22, or are sent directly to storage in the master computer 25, in a system having no data tap. Since only a certain limited amount of data can be transmitted during each interrupt cycle, one packet of data is transmitted during each cycle until all of the data has been transmitted. By transmitting the data in this manner, a slowdown of the POS processing is not noticeable. The data waiting to be transmitted is stored in memory, for example, the RAM, of terminal T1.\nPrior to transmitting this data, a unique character or characters are added at the beginning and the end of the data stream. These characters provide a means for the data tap 22 to distinguish between data which is trapped as a result of the trapper program from data to be printed by the printer 16. That is, upon detecting these unique characters, the data tap is alerted that the data identified by the unique characters is trapped data to be sent to the master computer, and is not to be printed.\nAfter step S100, processing proceeds to steps S110 and S120 as previously described.\nReferring now to FIGS. 4C-1 and 4C-2, the \"Teacher\" program is initiated at step S210. Thereafter, processing proceeds to the determination step S220. The processing performed in steps S220, S230 and S240 is substantially similar to that of steps S20, S21 and S22, respectively, and therefore will not be further described.\nIf the teacher program has not already been loaded, as indicated by a No at step S220, processing proceeds to step S250 in which the signals produced by pressing the keys on the keyboard of the terminal T1 are modified or \"redirected\" in a \"new keyboard\" routine.\nSubsequently, in step S260 a template file is loaded from disc into memory. This template file may be a default file as, for example, represented by the windows located on the right side of screen No. 4. Alternatively, the template file may be one that had been previously modified, and may be similar to that represented by the windows shown in screen No. 6.\nAfter step S260, in step S270, an indication that the teacher program has been loaded successfully is displayed. Thereafter, the program is placed in a terminate and stay resident mode (TSR) at step S280.\nStep S290 is initiated to bring the target application onto the screen. Because teacher is not active, the new keyboard, as in the step S300 routine, executes the old keyboard function. In step S310, the application responds in a normal manner to a key press. In step S320, a determination is made as to whether the key pressed terminates the application. If not, the loop formed of steps S300, S310 and S320 are repeated as the application responds to each key press. Once the desired screen is brought to the display, so-called \"Hot Keys\" are pressed and the teacher is activated.\nThe \"new keyboard\" portion of the teacher program utilized for creating the trapper template will now be described.\nReferring now to FIG. 4C-2, the new keyboard routine is initiated by a key press. As previously mentioned, while the teacher is not active and prior to a hot key press, the old keyboard routine is executed in step S350 and processing then proceeds through steps S360 and S370 to step S450, which completes the routine. Once the hot key is pressed, while the teacher is inactive, step S350 executes the old keyboard routine. Processing then proceeds through step S360 to step S370, whereupon the hot key press is detected.\nAt step S380, a status indication or flag is set indicating that the teacher program is active. Thereafter, processing proceeds to step S390, in which an initial status indication or flag is set indicating that neither landmarks nor data areas are currently being set or learned. Processing then proceeds to step S400, in which the currently displayed application screen is saved in a memory of the terminal T1. Thereafter, processing proceeds to the teacher subroutine of step S410.\nThe teacher subroutine of step 410 is expanded as shown in FIG. 4D.\nReferring now to FIGS. 4D-1 and 4D-2, the processing of the teacher subroutine starts at step S460 and proceeds to step S470. At step S470, the installer may select a key from the displayed main menu. As an example, in the preferred embodiment, selecting the \"Alt\" and \"1\" keys initiates processing of the trapper template for the video cassette rental landmarks and data, whereas selecting the \"Alt\" and \"2\" keys initiates processing of the trapper template for the video cassette return landmarks and information data. After selection of the key or keys in step S470, processing proceeds to step S480.\nAt step S480, a determination is made as to whether the escape key has been pressed by the installer. If the escape key has been pressed, as indicated by a Yes at step S480, processing proceeds to step S482.\nAt step S482, a determination is made as to whether areas for either rental or return landmarks and data are being set or learned. If the determination in step S482 is affirmative, processing proceeds to step S484. At step S484, the status indication or flag is set to indicate that neither rental or return information is being learned. Thereafter, processing returns to step S470. If, however, the determination at step S482 is negative, processing proceeds to step S486, whereupon the teacher subroutine is exited and processing is returned to step S420. Thus, after the learning processing has been initiated as described later, the escape key needs to be pressed twice in order to exit the teacher subroutine.\nIf, on the other hand, the escape key has not been pressed, as indicated by a No at the Step S480, processing proceeds to step S490. At step S490, a determination is made as to whether the key(s) selected in step S470 initiates learning of the video cassette rental landmarks and data information. That is, in the preferred embodiment, were the \"Alt\" and \"1\" keys selected in step S470.\nAs an example, assume that the \"Alt\" and \"1\" keys were selected in step S470. As a result, the determination in step S490 is affirmative. Processing then proceeds to step S492 in which areas to be used for landmarks and data information are displayed as well as functional information used for identifying the landmarks and data information. Processing then proceeds to step S494, in which the status indication or flag is set to indicate that rental landmark or data information areas are being set. Thereafter, processing returns to step S470, for selection of key from those identified in the sub-menu.\nProcessing then proceeds through steps S470 and S480 to step S490. At step S490, since a key from the sub-menu was selected in step S470 and not the learning rental or \"ALT\" and \"1\" keys, processing proceeds to step S500. Similarly, processing proceeds through step S500 to step S530.\nAt step S530, a determination is made as to whether the learning of rental landmark and data information areas is currently being performed. If the determination in step S530 is affirmative, processing proceeds to step S540. In this situation, since the flag was set in step S494 indicating that rental learning is being performed, processing proceeds to step S540. At step S540, the landmark and data areas are selected. These areas may be selected by using, for example, cursor locating or arrow keys (\u2191, \u2190, \u2193, \u2192) to move shaded areas to the desired positions, thereby forming a rental template. After completing this rental template, processing returns to step S470.\nSince the rental template is completed, processing proceeds from step S470 to step S480, whereupon the escape key is selected. Thereafter, processing proceeds to step S482. Since the flag set in step S494 still indicates that rental landmark and data information areas are being learned, processing proceeds to step S484.\nAt step S484, the flag is reset to i", "Some Serena on the side: Starbucks clients picked up a special treat on Valentine's Day when the chain chose Serena Ryder's What I Wouldn't Do as its song of the week.\nMs Ryder started her musical career in Peterborough while attending PCVS and has just released her third CD to rave reviews. She is performing at Showplace on March 10 as a fundraiser for Little Lake Musicfest, where she performed last summer.\nLance is fine: Peterborough This Week reporter/photographer Lance Anderson inspired a gasp from the crowd at the Petes game on Saturday night when he slipped and landed on the ice on his elbow during the game's opening ceremonies.\nThank you for all the queries about how he is recovering. Lance wasn't badly hurt, only a little embarrassed about falling in front of the Hockey Day in Canada full house.\nOur wing man: Reporter Todd Vandonk placed second for the second year in a row in the wing-eating contest to promote the Five Counties Children's Centre fundraiser on Monday. Todd packed in 11 wings while police officer Brent Mason and TV weather guy Mike Judson tied for first with 12 wings apiece.\nRemember, if you go to the Petes games on Monday, mention Five Counties and part of your ticket price goes towards helpin", "What are the final steps to serve the duckling after preparing the sauce", "What are some of the key challenges mentioned regarding the commercialization of EESUs and ultracapacitors for vehicles", "What services does EasyTerra Car Rental Melbourne provide for customers looking to rent a car", "White Sox - 100 000 010 - 2 7 0BIG PAPI Walkoff HR!\nRed Sox - 010 001 001 - 3 7 1\nWakefield was brilliant (7-6-1-1-3, 94) and David Ortiz hit two home runs! The game-winning blast was clubbed down the right field line, plenty high and deep enough, and it stayed fair -- his first walkoff dong since September 12, 2007.\nBoston's other slugger -- Alex Gonzalez -- hit a solo shot in the sixth.\nAnd Victor Martinez's night of dealing with the knuckleball was a complete non-event. It was never an issue. ... Plus, 21 of Wakefield's first 22 pitches (and 27 of 30) were strikes.\nThe Yankees beat the Rangers 9-2, so Boston stays 6 GB in the East. The Rangers fell 2.5 GB Boston in the Wild Card. The Blue Jays scored twice in the bottom of the ninth to beat the Rays 3-2 and drop Tampa 4 GB in the WC.", "PM and Montek rubbish Sibal's telecom proposal\nBy Sps Pannu\nPrime Minister Manmohan Singh has trashed telecom minister Kapil Sibal's proposal to unilaterally amend the government's licensing agreement with existing telecom companies and force them to pay auction-determined prices for the spectrum they currently hold.\nThe PM put his stamp of approval on the finance ministry views in response to a draft note circulated to various ministries in preparation for a Cabinet meeting scheduled for Tuesday.\nSibal seems to be buffeted between the PM and Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, who has similarly raised Cain over amending the licensing agreement.\nOpposed: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Deputy Chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia\nAccording to sources, Sibal's proposal would have gone against the interests of dual technology companies Tata Teleservices and RCom and benefited GSM operators Bharti Airtel and Vodafone.\nThe licenses of dual technology companies are valid till 2021 and beyond, while those of the GSM players are due for renewal a good seven years earlier in 2014-15. The dual technology companies would, therefore, end up losing a lot more than the GSM players if the department of telecommunications (DoT) proposal is pushed through.\nThe PM has, as finance minister, made it clear that the sanctity of contracts need to be weighed carefully, thus implying that this would not be the case if the DoT proposal of unilaterally amending the licence was to be implemented.\nCabinet Minister for Human Resource Development (HRD), Communications and Information Technology Kapil Sibal\nThe finance ministry has pointed out that the government has allotted the start-up spectrum and contracted spectrum to the existing players and by doing so has acquired certain contractual obligations for the duration of the licence.\nThe PM has come out in favour of a careful assessment of the impact on investor sentiment that frequent changes in contract terms may have. The impact on foreign investors is also considered important and has come up for special ment", "What promotional offer is available for new customers on Treat.com for Father's Day", "Ultracapacitors: the future of electric cars or the 'cold fusion' of autovation?\nZENN Motors says its electric car will cruise for 250 miles on a single five-minute charge. Skeptics cry shenanigans.\nIan Clifford wants to start a global revolution by building a practical, everyday car with no gasoline engine, no batteries, and no emissions.\nWhile big Detroit automakers ponder a future plug-in car that goes 40 miles on a battery charge before its gas engine kicks in, Mr. Clifford's tiny ZENN Motor, a Toronto maker of low-speed electric cars, announced in March that it will build a new highway-speed (80 m.p.h.) model that goes 250 miles on a charge \u2013 and can recharge in just five minutes.\nHaving no batteries, the new \"cityZENN\" model will use a breakthrough version of a common electrical storage device called an ultracapacitor to store power from a wall socket, the company says. Fuel costs to operate it would be about one-tenth of today's gas-powered vehicle.\nIf that astounding claim is real (and there are many skeptics), it could revolutionize automotive travel by making all-electric cars competitive with gas-powered vehicles and easing the world's dependence on oil.\n\"The big problem has always been the battery and its limits,\" says Clifford, ZENN's founder and CEO in a phone interview. \"This new technology is a 180-degree shift that represents the end of fossil fuel as a transportation fuel.\"\nThat's because the same ultracapacitor technology could be used across the grid to provide cheap electric storage for wind and solar power, he says. In turn, this process could power millions of ultracapacitor vehicles with no emissions at all. With the cars' fast-charge capability, recharging stations could pop up to help make even longer trips routine.\nUltracapacitors \u2013 also called supercapacitors \u2013 are more powerful cousins of the basic capacitor. With activated carbon at their core to act as a sponge for electrons, ultracapacitors can absorb power \u2013 or send a charge \u2013 far faster than batteries. They are also far more durable.\nFirst used in the 1960s, ultracapacitors today are widely found in electronic devices such as computers. In cameras, they retract and expand zoom lens. Yet the power stored by today's ultracapacitors is still only about 5 percent as much as a modern lithium-ion battery, far too little to power a car by themselves.\nThe reported breakthrough was made by ZENN's business partner EEStor, a Cedar Park, Texas, firm headed by respected computer industry veteran Richard Weir, who's named on the company's patent. The company is now nearing commercial production of its new \"electrical energy storage unit\" or EESU, Clifford says.\nBut privately held EEStor has had little to say publicly or to the press \u2013 and that secretiveness has inspired incredulity among many debating the topic on Internet forums.\nBut in a break with that tradition, Tom Weir, the company's vice president and general manager, responded to e-mailed questions.\n\"EEStor's technology has the opportunity to touch every aspect of daily life from very big to very small devices,\" Mr. Weir writes. \"We also see a whole new generation of products ... based around our technology.\"\nAdded credibility arrived with the January announcement by Lockheed Martin, the big defense company, of an agreement to use EEStor technology for military and homeland security applications. It refers to the EEStor \"ceramic battery\" providing \"10 times the energy density of lead-acid batteries at 1/10th the weight and volume.\"\nIn 2005, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers sunk $3 million into EEStor. ZENN also invested $3 million and will get exclusive rights to retrofit vehicles with the system \u2013 and produce new mid-size cars using EESUs.\nAccording to EEStor's patent application, the breakthrough is based on a technically arduous process of purifying and fabricating units with barium titanate, a material known to retain vast amounts of power.\n\"The main feature of the EESU is the charge and dis-charge at electric speed,\" Weir writes. \"This is a key enabling factor for the advancement of the next generation of vehicles. Another feature is the amount of power the EESU can store. Lastly, the EESU is expected to be considered fully 'green.' \"\nBut some bloggers call the purported breakthrough pure hype, today's version of \"cold fusion,\" the still-theoretical energy source announced in 1989.\nAt least some analysts and researchers, though skeptical, seem reluctant to dismiss entirely the possibility that EEStor could be onto something significant.\n\"I'm sure they do have a technology, but skepticism revolves around the fact that nobody knows much about it,\" says Anu Cherian, an analyst who tracks the $100 million global ultracapacitor market for Frost & Sullivan, a growth consulting company. \"The ZENN car looks to be an exciting development. But there's a lot of hype in the market.\"\nOther ultracapacitor experts won't dismiss EEStor's claim despite technical challenges.\n\"It would be unfair to make an analogy between what EEStor is doing and cold fusion,\" says Joel Schindall, a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor who is using nanotechnology to impr", "What language is predominantly used in communication in the Republic of the Congo", "What instruments are featured in John Loeillet's Sonata for Treble Recorder and Continuo, Op. 3/6", "g.\u201d\nBut it wasn\u2019t just CALLING and TEXTING, our insider claim that on AT LEAST TWO OCCASIONS, Diddy and Jennifer actually PHYSICALLY MET UP!! And while they can not say whether or not anything POPPED OFF between them . . . you can decide what YOU THINK happened.\nAnyways \u2013 J Lo and Diddy kept in contact for months and last week, we\u2019re told that the two WENT ON A DATE!!!\nMediaTakeOut.com EXCLUSIVELY learned that last WEDNESDAY NIGHT Jennifer Lopez FLEW INTO New York City and went on a date with DIDDY . . . at New York\u2019s top restaurant PHILLIPE CHOW.\nAccording to one person who was THERE AND SAW IT, \u201cDiddy came in quickly and immediately went to the private area . . . about 20 minutes later J Lo went in. I was in shock.", "e black on the tail is starting to show the mickey mouse trait. I also have 3 red wag platys (2 female and 1 male) and one female gold twin-bar platy. So far they are leaving Cece alone, once in a while they will see it and chase it but Cece is a fast little bugger. Getting away and hiding in the plants I have in the tank", "Meeting Mia for her first ever full frontal nude sessions proved to be a happy experience for both model and photographer.\nAt the photo session in Paris, Mia proved herself to be perfect model material. Not only does this playful and sexy young woman have a superb body \u2013 with a particularly amazing ass - she also has the brains too.\nMia recently moved to Budapest and is studying Public Manage", "What is the title of Ilaria Turba's first photobook and when was it released", "About American Nonprofits\nSend by email\nEnter multiple addresses separated by commas and/or different lines.\nPage to be sent\nAnd Now for Something Different on the Charitable Tax Deduction . . . editor notes issue #83\nSend only the teaser\nThis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.\nIs Coming to Work Required to Keep My Job?\nNine Non", "Sharps and Flats Club to hold 20th anniversary celebration\nAugust 22, 2012\nThe Sharps and Flats Club will be holding its 20th anniversary celebration at the Myerlee", "What natural disaster is Tropical Storm Isaac expected to become before making landfall", "d and storytelling. The body of work and the exhibition, involving game and action, offers the viewer a new experience of perceiving and seeing.\nJEST, which means prank, takes shape when, among the many photographs of the family archive, two emerge: the departure of Apollo 11 and a woman carrying a rifle. This combination, born from the case, creates a funny and significant short circuit. Turba takes this accidental invitation to the game, turning it into a pretext to cross the photographic material with a different look and reflect on the meaning of photography today.\nLooking at the images of JEST is just like riding a roller coaster: as soon as you think you understand where the author wants to lead you, the direction suddenly changes. You just have to do two things: keep asking yourself if what we see is real, and never stop being surprised by the beauty and the magic of what surrounds us", "What aspects of the Smoke & Mirrors playing cards do the creators discuss in their final release", "visit to this site, you agree to the use and writing cookies. These cookies are used to track your browsing, update your cart, recognize you on your next visit and secure your connection.\nKulture Moto 2018. Made by Dotlab\u2122. All Rights Reserved", "Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.\nBegin by placing the duck breast side up on a baking rack. Season with the salt and pepper, and roast until the juices run barely pink, about 45 minutes. Remove the duckling from the pan and set it aside.\nDegrease the pan drippings by skimming off the top layer.\nTo prepare the sauce, combine the sugar and water and caramelize carefully. Add the wine, vinegar, o", "timedia projects.\nUpload your work to our online system and get feedback by email. Allow at least two business days for a response from an instructor. Submissions must be 15 pages or less.", "What are some of the places the author would like to see captured in synths", "What is Mia studying after recently moving to Budapest", "the use of a glass bottom boat to ease the transition from land to water?\nI'd particularly like to see some underwater wrecks, starting underwater at the boat near a shallow reef and descending down. Some well phrased emails would definately start off a few clusters of this type of synth!\nAny series of photos from space... The saturn mission has some good stuff going around Titan - their pictures are already in the public domain as well, I reckon they might be up for some synthing..\nI honestly think you're right, the above/below beach/reef synth should ideally be done by underwater photographers.\nI REALLY like the idea of the glass bottomed boat for the transition. That or something similar on a smaller scale.\nI'm still interested in doing this, but I hope an honest to goodness underwater photographer beats me to it. It will be far better done.\nYour mention of space synths (of which I think NASA has done several) gave me an idea... I'll try to get this one done later in the week (time permitting.)\nOkay, I'm now obsessed with large scale underwater reef synthing... Underwater photography is tough, normally holiday divers don't have the equipment to balance the red shift (deeper water has less blue light) it's a pain to have to add/remove coloured slides for every photo.. (sorry--going off topic there)\nI emailed one dive centre in Sharm el Sheik but they haven't responded so I have sent emails out to dive centres I have worked at in the past suggesting they make a synth map a part of their dive master/master scuba diver course or make a synth to use for promos, there are centres where professionals dive the same reefs month in month out, 20 photos per dive, 70 dives per month... Anyways, I'll let you know if I get any success synth fishing :D\nAlso, to return to the thread topic - I'd love to see a synth from the front of a train, some rapid fire photos might do the trick from trains both ways?\n*deeper water has less red light... doh!\nGlad to see you taking point on this, Mister_Blondie! I don't even qualify as a holiday diver, and my equipment is nil. I really like the direction you're taking with that, especially the idea of using photos from centers where professionals are in there all the time. I'd really like to see how that turns out!\nI don't know about the front of a train, but a while back Darius posted a link to a \"drive through\" synth where someone was taking pictures from inside a car, coming and going. The technique works quite well. At the speeds most trains go, though, you might need a pretty high frame rate to pull that off. Glad you thought of doing it both ways. For the viewer to be able to turn around and go back, that's essential.\nNo dice on the space synth I hoped to do this week. I'll have another chance next week, so I'll give it another go then.\nA sculpture park. A whole big sculpture park...\nHere's an fantastic attempt at a sculpture park: http://photosynth.net/view.aspx?cid=97153326-97b4-4df7-ba8d-aaf9851fa34d\nThis is pushing the upper limit of the synther as it is, so a park larger than this would be very difficult. The overhead view in this one is great.\nawesome, thanks :)\nI'd like to see some Mt Everest base camp synths.\nThis takes a step out of the realm of the real world, but I'd absolutely love to see Michael Chesko's miniature model cities thoroughly synthed.\nHe's worked on models of New York City, but also has a fictional city of his own design, entitled 'Britannica'. I happened to bump into his work on Robyn Miller's blog some time ago and have been hooked on the idea of synthing his models ever since.\nYou can find one of Robyn's Britannica posts here: http://tinselman.typepad.com/tinselman/2008/08/stop-and-smell.html\nUnfreakin'real. I second that, Nathanael. I'd be willing to be there are no small number of photographers who would be ready to jump at the chance. (I WOULD!)\nI would love to synth Jack Lewis's house, \"The Kilns\".\nShort of being able to tackle it myself, though, I'd truly enjoy someone else doing a good job of it.", "What revolutionary feature of ZENN Motors' new highway-speed electric car sets it apart from traditional electric and gas-powered vehicles", "port is located 55 kilometres to the south-west of the city. There is a shuttle connection to Melbourne.\nMelbourne has a good and extensive public transport network, consisting of trams, buses and trains. Trams are found primarily in and around the centre, trains service the suburbs, and where there are no trams or trains, buses take over. You can buy one ticket for all these forms of public transport (the so-called 'Metcard'). The city is divided into zones: the centre is Zone 1, the ring around the centre Zone 2, and the suburbs Zone 3. You can buy a ticket with a certain duration (2 hours), a day ticket or a week ticket.\nThere are two free services: the City Circle Tram brings you to the main attractions in the centre, the Mebourne City Tourist Shuttle is a bus line that also goes to attractions further away.\nFrom the combined bus and train terminal Southern Cross, many destinations inside and outside the state of Victoria can be reached. Keep in mind that the travel times to, for instance, Sydney or Adelaide are considerable. Melbourne has a night ferry to the island of Tasmania (10 hours).\nTraffic and Parking\nIn Australia, people drive on the left side of the road, which means the steering wheel of your rental car will be on the right. Keep in mind that Australia is a huge country, and that the distance between the various cities are enormous. The fastest way to get to Sydney is via the Hume Highway (about 10 hours). A more beautiful, though longer route is along the coast, the Princess Highway. Although Adelaide is closer, it is still at least a seven hours' drive.\nMelbourne has an excellent and logical street pattern, but it is a very expanded city. So buy a city map to orientate, the people of Melbourne themselves often use the excellent 'Greater Melbourne' map by Melway. In addition, Melbourne has the so-called 'hook turn': on streets with trams you can only turn right by moving to the left-most lane (\"Right Turn From Left Only\"). This way, the tram in the middle of the street is not blocked.\nThe city has many car parks, which means that it is not hard to find a space. There are 140 parking areas and car parks, with a total of 70,000 spaces. According to the city council, you are never more than 200 metres away from the nearest parking facility. Parking in the street is usually only allowed for a limited time (indicated on the parking meter). In streets with the so-called 'Clearway' sign, parking is not allowed between 7.30 am and 6.30 pm. Near the Melbourne Museum, the Melbourne Park and the Telstra Dome there are P+R areas.\nThe city attracts many backpackers, so a large number of accommodations cater to this group, but Melbourne has a good supply in all categories. In light of the economic importance of the city, there are many business hotels in the Central Business District. We recommend booking your hotel room in advance. Especially around the Grand Slam tournament (January) and the Melbourne Grand Prix (early March), virtually all hotels are fully booked.\nFor more information about Melbourne, we recommend Google, and the following sources:\nIf you are looking for a rental car in Australia, but in a city other than Melbourne, please click through to the Car rental Australia page, where you can choose in which city in Australia you want to rent a car", "Sheet Music\n- Score and Parts\n- Hugo Ruf (Editor), John Loeillet (Composer)\n- English, German\nAlso suitable for Flute. Op. 3/6 in D mino", "ist but I'm wondering if I'd really make use out of them.\nView Public Profile\nSend a private message to laurlynn\nVisit laurlynn's Gallery\nFind More Posts by laurlynn", "How old is Cece the baby platy in the journal entry", "What should you keep in mind regarding parking restrictions in Melbourne", "What is the location and time of the event taking place on Sunday, Aug. 26", "When can the rating feature for the video be accessed", "What is the significance of gold as an investment during economic downturns according to the text", "The Congo is a tropical country in western Africa located at the equator. Formally called the Republic of the Congo, or Republique du Congo in its local language, it was formerly named as French Congo when it became a colony of the French and Middle Congo when it became part of the French Equatorial Africa. It is bordered by the countries of Gabon in the west, the Democratic Republic of Congo in the east, the Angola exclave of Cabiada in the South, and Central African Republic and Cameroon in the north, and the Atlantic Ocean in its coast.\nIts capital city is Brazzaville which is located on the Congo River across Kinshasa, the capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo. Brazzaville is named after the Frenchman Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza who made possible the colonization o", "What should I do if there are no results found for flights to Kefalonia from London Stansted", "y do get all your little water creatures and lava creatures and \u201cYou Can\u2019t Do That on Television\u201d slime creatures to do what you need them to do.\nEven Vessel\u2019s aesthetics are exceptional. I always felt that, despite my \u201cgameplay before graphics\u201d attitude, it was the experiments with art direction indie games tend to take that really drew me to them originally. I was always a retro gamer. Even as games got more and more advanced, I still clung to my love of the 16 bit era. When the AAA console games started moving towards realism and billions of polygons, I was quite happy to find people creating 2D games still. The advancements in tech, and even in artistic ability, within the gaming industry have been so large that these 2D platformers and puzzlers end up looking just gorgeous. Vessel \u2013 with its colorful backgrounds and great lighting \u2013 is as good a looking as any indie game has ever been. The music even shines, as it features a number of pieces from well-known composer Jon Hopkins, all arranged adaptively. The music adjusts to what you are doing and it ends up adding so much to the game\u2019s feel.\nWhile this all might sound entirely perfect, I have to burst the bubble a bit. There are some issues that show that Vessel is slightly wet behind the ears, with a handful of problems that break the fluidity of the game\u2019s flow. Sorry, I\u2019m way under my quota for liquid puns here. I have to catch up or else they revoke my membership to the Shitty Pun of the Month club.\nWhile the puzzles are legitimately among the most well designed I\u2019ve seen in quite a while, the platforming elements fall a bit short. The controls aren\u2019t always as responsive as you would like, and jumping can be a bit iffy in some situations. Also, for people who aren\u2019t really used to using the brain pathways that lead to being good at puzzle games, Vessel\u2019s lack of hand holding might be a significant barrier to enjoyment. Most stages are intuitive enough that you\u2019ll figure it out, but some take a significant amount of experimenting. There are even a few that suffer from design choices, like one type of fluros that will follow you around and hit switches but is frustratingly slow, or a puzzle where you know exactly what you have to do but simply can\u2019t get the fluros to cooperate.\nCompared to the rest of the game, these problems are barely spit in the ocean of awesomeness. Vessel is easily one of, if not the best, indie games of 2012 so far. It is well designed, gorgeous to look at, and incredibly entertaining. Strange Loops has created a game that is more coheisive than most, with absolutely everything \u2013 from the graphics to the music to the puzzles \u2013 combining to put emphasis on the setting and mood. It is even a good \u2018bang for your buck\u2019 purchase as it offers you around 10 to 12 hours of squirting entertainment, which would usually cost you way more if you were looking for squirting entertainment on the internet. Hell, I was so engrossed in it I pretty much sat down and played the whole thing in a single sitting.\nI really have to pee.\nHere\u2019s the Rundown:\n+ Well paced and intelligently designed puzzles with incredibly well done physics\n+ Great to look at and listen to\n+ Long for an indie game, and well worth the money\n- Lack of hints or overt direction could turn off some gamers\n- Occasional technical issues, including a save bug that is in need of a patch\n- Some puzzles can become frustrating due to hiccups with the fluros\n8 and 8.5 represent a game that is a good experience overall. While there may be some issues that prevent it from being fantastic, these scores are for games that you feel would easily be worth a purchase.\nVessel was developed by Strange Loop games and published by Indie Loop for the PC, and eventually for the XBLA and PSN . The game was released on March 1, 2012 with an MSRP of $14.99 on the PC. XBLA and PSN release dates have not been confirmed yet. The game was purchased by my main squeeze because she is a goth chick and thus immediately attracted to anything steampunk. It was played for around ten hours until completion. Specs of the PC used are as follows: Intel Core 2 Quad Q9550 @ 2.83ghz, Nvidia Geforce 570 GTX GPU, 8GB RAM, and Windows 7 Ultimate 64 bit. I would write more but all this sloshing water is really taxing on my bladder", "Is Dallas a good food town? A debate that has been waged across dinner tables and blog comment sections. No matter which side of the fence you fall on, ask yourself this question: how was the debate framed?\nMost likely, you discussed restaurants. Is our BBQ as good as the Hill Country? Is our Italian up to snuff? Is our sushi really as good as NYC and LA?\nAll valid questions. But restaurants alone do not a food culture make! Markets are an integral part of any food culture. And guess what \u2013 Dallas has fantastic independent markets in every part of the city.\nThis is not meant as an indictment of the \u201cgourmet\u201d grocery stores that have sprung up across the Metroplex. They do offer some combination of convenience and quality. But they can\u2019t replicate a market.\nLet\u2019s put it this way: My market, TJ\u2019s Fresh Seafood Market, has been in business 22 years, most of it next to Whole Foods. Clearly someone thinks there is a difference between a grocery store and a market!\nSo what is the difference ?\nMarkets are small businesses which can\u2019t deal with turnover like big corporations. Many of Dallas\u2019 markets have had the same core staff working for years. My first job was at Kuby\u2019s 15 years ago. I still see the same faces when I walk in today. You think there is a jagwurst question they haven\u2019t been asked? Market staffs are experienced and knowledgable.\nIt\u2019s \u201cFarm To Table,\u201d not \u201cFarm To Central D", "at... people need to eat. They don't need plasma TV's or that little kitchen gadget that helps you stir peanut butter without making a mess. The population in India and especially China are growing faster than their food supply can handle. What does this mean? American farmers will thrive because the demand of agriculture products will continue to escalate. Prices on corn and wheat will rise, and investments in those areas will flourish. Agriculture commodities are dirt cheap right now, so get them while they are still on sale.\nI also like white by the way... specifically silver and sugar. I really love silver right now. It's still cheap and I wouldn't be surprised if it went up to $20/ounce this year.\nPlease enjoy the following video I shot DIY-style to explain the basics about inflation", "What issues did Bill Leavy's officiating crew face during the Chiefs-Chargers game in Week 17 of the NFL regular season", "Kulture Moto provides a fine range of motorcycle clothing, motorcycle t-shirt or leather boots, denim jeans, motorcycle jackets and essentials motorcycle accessories. At Kulture Moto you will find the best motorcycle garment.\nBy continuing your", "What is the capital city of the Republic of the Congo and who is it named after", "What some folks don't seem to understand is that NOTHING will ever appease the AAC, or the Network (same group, different name). They want a split. That's been their goal from the beginning. The plan has been to get themselves recognized as an \"alternative Anglican province\" in North America, get the Episcopal Church kicked out of the Anglican Communion, and then claim ownership of all assets previously held by TEC (with Bob Duncan as the new Archbishop, of course).\nOne would think that the article in the Washington Post over a year ago; Plan to Supplant Episcopal Church USA Is Revealed, regarding the leaked Chapman letter would have been enough to wake up most Episcopalians to what was going on. Here's just a small piece of that document;\nDuring the months of Stage 1, we will begin to reform our relationships to build the Network of Anglican Communion Dioceses and Parishes. We will move to initiate support structures for fellowship and strategy, We will act courageously and faithfully to support \"at risk\" parishes. We will creatively redirect finances. We will refocus on Gospel initiatives. We will innovatively move around, beyond or within the canons to \"act like the church God is making us\". Stage 1 will enable congregations/clusters to keep clear use of their buildings for the foreseeable future, and would give critical time to strengthen our leadership circles for what promises to be a turbulent spiritual season.The Via Media groups interpreted the Chapman letter this way;\nStage 2 will launch at some yet to be determined moment, probably in 2004. During this phase, we will seek, under the guidance of the Primates, negotiated settlements in matters of property, jurisdiction, pastoral succession and communion, If adequate settlements are not within reach, a faithful disobedience of canon law on a widespread basis may be necessary.\nThe letter speaks for itself. Property, not piety is keeping dissident parishes in the Episcopal Church. In the longer term, the AAC expects to use foreign intervention to trump American law and the Episcopal Church Constitution and Canons. Its leaders are assuring dissident parishes that the Anglican primates, a consultative body with no governing authority or standing in the United States, will ride to the rescue of Network parishes, negotiate property settlements and transfer the assets of 2.3-million-member church to a group representing perhaps a tenth of that body. The Chapman letter reveals the AAC's \"realignment\" for what it really is -- the overthrow of the Episcopal Church by extra-legal means.The defense was that this was just the opinion of one person, was not the view of the AAC/Network, and various other smoke and mirrors tactics which seemed to have successfully removed this letter from the consciousness of many Episcopalians.\nSince then, more documents have come to light as a result of legal action taken by Calvary Episcopal Church against certain officials of the Diocese of Pittsburgh, including Bishop Duncan. Calvary felt the need to do this because of planned diocesan canonical changes that would allow Pittsburgh not to be bound by the canons of the Episcopal Church, thus allowing the diocese to claim title to all property. This was seen as the first step in a plan by some officials of the diocese of Pittsburgh to leave the Episcopal Church.\nThe court documents used to prove that there was indeed a plan to leave the Episcopal Church are quite revealing. The link is to a rather large pdf file (sorry folks). The entire thing is worth reading, but you may want to jump right to the last dozen pages, which shows copies", "I called this on the 19th with this post but I guess it is now official. Boy am I good. Read below:\nJuly 25, 2011. MediaTakeOut.com has just received some EARTH SHATTERING NEWS . . . Jennifer Lopez and rapper/mogul Diddy are DATING AGAIN!!!\nAccording to an EXTREMELY RELIABLE MediaTakeOut.com snitch, Diddy and Jennifer had all but BROKEN OFF communication when their relationship ended nearly a decade ago.\nBut, the insider claims, Jennifer REACHED OUT to Diddy late last year \u2013 when she realized her marriage to Marc Anthony was NOT WORKING.\nThe insider, who is CLOSE TO DIDDY, told MediaTakeOut.com, \u201c[Diddy] was not expecting Jennifer to call him. They hadn\u2019t spoken in years, and all of a sudden, she\u2019s calling and textin", "rly earth have had a much higher level of 40K?\nTo generate the required amount of 40AR in less than 10,000 years would require levels of 40K at over 10,000 times the present levels. And then the short time allowed for decay would result in better than 99.8 percent of these high levels remaining at present. Therefore this option can be ruled out!\nb) Possibly during the early stages of creation the decay mode was different and most all, or a very high percentage, of the 40K became 40AR.\nThis could possibly provide up to about an eight fold acceleration in generation of Argon, but well short of the required 10,000 fold increase.\nc) Could the early earth being in a molten state allowed a very rapid outgassing rate, fast enough to allow the majority of the Argon to be generated on the first day?\nAs mentioned there is an indication of an early \"burp\", but the time required for a considerable amount of 40Ar to be generated in the earth limits the magnitude of this initial outgassing phase. And also \"And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.\" of Genesis 1:2 indicates a earth during day one that had a surface cool enough for liquid water to be present. So if the earth was initially in a molten state it could only be for part of day one. Thus requiring a very long day one or ruling out this proposal.\nd) Some have proposed that the impacts of gaseous comets provided the main source for the early earth atmosphere.\nThe interpretation of the early Genesis record to require creation within 6 literal days would not allow time for these proposed turbulent conditions on the earth to settle down to a reasonable steady state following such catastrophic collisions. For this to have been the source of much of the early atmosphere would again require a long day one.\ne) Some have proposed a very rapid burst of radioactive decay at the beginning of creation, a condition that does not fit the laws of physics as we presently know them.\nSuch a burst could only be present during day one and day two of the creation or it would seem to subject all of the early life forms to a greater than \"Chernobyl\" radioactive condition which would seem to be incompatible with the development of life. \"That variations in the ratio of 129Xe to other Xe isotopes as observed suggests (1) the Earth formed shortly (within 170 Ma) after a nucleosynthetic event (probably a supernova), and (2) a substantial fractionation of I from Xe must have occurred early in Earth's history. So 129Xe variations provide clues to the early degassing history of the Earth.\" These conclusions are contrary to this proposal and is the best science available today. Scientists have experimented and theorized about some means of increasing the isotope decay rate, for to do so might be advantageous say in energy generation, but to date no such method or possible theory has been discovered.\nConclusion: The total amount of 40Ar in the atmosphere today and the results of studying the concentrations of the other noble gas levels in the atmosphere and in the earth is another strong indicator of a old age earth", "What is the main premise of the game's story in Vessel", "What is the source of the isotope Argon-40 (40Ar) in the atmosphere", "Chat Box Chicks ~ Welcoming the New Year!\nView Single Post\n02-10-2013, 03:02 PM\nJoin Date: Sep 2006\nDoes anyone have the long rectangle nesties? They're on my wish l", "What are the details of the sheet music composer and editor mentioned in the text segment", "f the country of Congo by the French. It is largest city in the country, both by land area and population, followed by Pointe-Noire. Pointe-Noire is located in the southern part of the country and is its main port for trade and industry.\nThe Republic of the Congo is a French-speaking country and French is the language being used in almost all communication situations. It is used as the medium of instruction in schools and is being taught as a subject as well. It is used in the government and in general conversations. With almost hundreds of ethnic groups in the country, it is inevitable that each region has their own mother tongue and lingua franca, but French remains to be the dominant language used by the Congolese especially in trade with their export and import partners", "What benefits does the code provide up until 5/31/13", "of the documents placed in evidence. Interestingly, every one of the members of the \"Dromantine Six\" (those lurking about the primates' meeting in Ireland who were chastised by name by PB Griswold this last week) make an appearance in these pages. I'll just mention a few things that jumped out at me.\nThe first piece of evidence is what appears to be a verbatim transcript of an earlier hearing, in which the Chapman letter was dismissed as \"one individual...(making) notes on a piece of paper.\" A bit weak, it seems to me, but ok, let's move on.\nThe next document, which appears to have \"Mainstream Meeting\" scribbled at the top, dated 11/20/03, seems to be from a meeting of Network/AAC bishops. It has quite a few enlightening pieces to it, but the ones that caught my eye were near the bottom; \"D. We intend to cross diocesan boundaries...F. We commit to the guerrilla warfare of the next year.\" Oh, that's what was going on in Ireland; guerilla warfare? Imagine that.\nNext follows a few e-mails. The one from Hugo Blankingship, an attorney, is worth noting. He states, \"John Rees won't listen to anything but our staying in ECUSA.\" Who is John Rees? The legal consultant assigned to the Eames Commission, the body which drafted the Windsor Report. The plan was to have the recognition of a separate province included as one of the recommendations in the WR. Since it looked like that wasn't going to happen (it didn't), plan B was to make sure \"that changes if pressure within the Communion builds up.\"\nThe next rather revealing document is an e-mail from Diane Knippers, President of the Institute on Religion and Democracy, with whom the AAC/Network shared office space, board members and wealthy contributors for many years. To refresh your memory, the IRD started as an anti-communist grant clearinghouse during the Reagan era, focusing especially on Central America (does Iran-Contra and death squads in Nicaragua, El Salvador and Honduras ring a bell?) When they ran out of communists, they turned on the mainline Protestant churches. Knippers begins with this statement; \"...I believe it will be increasingly important for the Network to take on the various functions of a Church.\" Sure sounds like a planned coup d'etat to me. We then see Knipper's continued inclination towards clandestine operations in the last paragraph; \"I'm still on the SCER (Standing Committee on Ecumenical Relations) - but not because I could honestly represent the Episcopal Church in ecumenical dialogue...I'll resign when I need to, but I would like to hang in there as an obstinate and contrary voice a bit longer.\" Infiltrate and be a subversive element; hmmm...that tactic sounds familiar.\nTake a careful look at the \"Draft Proposal for Overseas AEO\" (Alternative Episcopal Oversight). This is where the foreign bishops come in. It's all spelled out in black and white. I wonder how Abp. Akinola is going to feel when it dawns on him he's been merely a pawn in the plan?\nWhat conclusion do you come to when you read this stuff? What I see is a handful of folks, primarily bishops, priests, and attorneys, trying to orchestrate a takeover of the Episcopal Church; building this \"parallel universe\" on the backs of our gay and lesbian members. To the troops, they scream about the bible and tradition. Among themselves, it's all about property and power.\nThe sad thing is, I know quite a few good folks who have bought their...what was the phrase they used?...oh yea; \"road shows,\" and are going to really be hurt when they wake up one day and realize they've been hoodwinked by a band of scoundrels, and in the name of God, no less."]}