{"q_indices": [80, 41, 27, 111, 99, 1, 37, 44, 113, 105, 49, 22, 72, 71, 91, 89, 124, 32, 106, 18, 70, 50, 74, 40, 58, 43, 119, 112, 78, 30, 125, 65, 63, 61, 21, 36, 7, 68, 26, 2, 127, 90, 103, 86, 8, 93, 98, 59, 16, 0, 84, 3, 116, 95, 11, 13, 48, 55, 14, 66, 77, 46, 122, 120], "a_indices": [102, 83, 24, 19, 15, 107, 51, 47, 87, 25, 101, 100, 82, 33, 60, 85, 123, 20, 9, 94, 56, 126, 110, 39, 121, 10, 57, 62, 4, 69, 5, 92, 88, 104, 114, 42, 23, 97, 45, 75, 64, 54, 81, 79, 29, 67, 118, 31, 53, 109, 12, 28, 34, 108, 117, 38, 17, 76, 96, 73, 35, 6, 115, 52], "texts": ["What is included in the Early Bird price for the ASA conference", "What promotional offers are available for beginners learning to dive and certified divers wanting to dive in Nusa Lembongan", "What are some key interventions discussed in the paper that can improve schooling outcomes in rural Bangladesh", "What are the key ingredients for the Shu Han Lee-inspired fried cashews recipe", "The Ecstasy black plus size suspender garter belt completes this gorgeous set. Super sexy lingerie.\nA wide, strong front panel that won't cut into you any more! Wide extendable straps a", "Last Updated on\nComposite photography is blending two or images into one, to create a final picture. There are different types of composite photography, but we will go over that later. The most important thing to know is that you need photography and editing skills to create a composite photograph.\nThe image above is a great example of this type of photography. The images are pieced together making it look like a woman is walking her dog attached to balloons. It is well made and hard to tell that it was edited, even though we know that this situation is impossible.\nYou know what composite photography is, so let\u2019s learn about the different types.\nTypes of Composite Photography\nComposite photography is used for many reasons. This section will talk about types including;\n- Deceptive Images\n- Fantastical Images\n- Images to Show Movement\n- Images to Build Story\nThese images aren\u2019t meant to trick the viewer; they purposely show something impossible. Depending on the skill level of the photographer, these can still seem \u2018realistic\u2019.\nWhen you think of composite photography, you think of these impossible pictures. You know while looking at it that it must be more that one image, but because they are seamlessly pieced together, you process it as one single image.\nTake the image above for example. I know that there is not a company that changes the phases of the moon, but it is such a quirky idea and executed so well that I don\u2019t care about the different images that go into it.\nImages to Show Movement\nThis type of composite photography is mainly used to show the movement of individual people. Often times, you will find this in sports. For example, the image above tracks the movement of the induvial, letting you see his form throughout the entire timeframe. If you were watching this scene live, you wouldn\u2019t be able to process everything that fast.\nYou can also find this in other sports, such as track and diving. With a composite image, you can see each pose a diver makes and the position a runner takes as they begin a race.\nImages to Build Story\nComposite photography can also be used to tell a story in a picture that otherwise would be difficult to understand. Instead of taking a video or having a series of photos, photographers can create an image with several storytelling aspects.\nThe picture above is a great example of this. Based on what is provided, we know that it is a mom and dad, cleaning up a bunch of toys while Family Feud plays in the background. A photograph like this would be difficult to capture. The Minnie Mouse figure is flying through the air but is still perfectly clear to the viewer. If an image was taken while it actually flew through the air, it would just be a blur.\nDeceptive Composite Images\nDeceptive composite photography is meant to trick the viewer. This is pretty simple and very common on the internet. Have you ever seen a picture that looks real, only to find out later that it was fake? It happens to all of us, and chances are, it was a composite image.\nSome photographers acknowledge that they use composite images, however many claim that their images are real. The organization World Press Photo (WPP) stated that in 2015, 20% of the images submitted to their annual photo contest were faked. In 2012, Paul Hansen won the contest with the photo above. Ultimately this was confirmed as a fake, causing a controversy.\nWhat is a digital photography image?\nThe first photograph ever was taken in 1822. It wasn\u2019t until 1957 that digital photography came into existence. Chances are, most of the pictures you take on a daily basis are digital images.\nDigital images are basically pictures taken with the help of technology. They are made of tiny pixels that come together to make the bigger picture. If you zoom really far into a digital image, you will see the pixels that make it up.\nLet\u2019s look at the picture above. The digital image has not been edited, so this is what you would see a few seconds after taking the picture. The image taken on film is a bit brighter as well. Film and digital both hav", "autiful volumes. I only wish I had enough money, and enough shelf space, for them all.\nAbove: The In Bloom collection, $64 from Rifle Paper Co.\nJuniper Books doesn't actually publish books \u2014 instead, they create custom dust jackets for series of books, turning them into miniature works of art. Frankly, I wouldn't mind owning all of their collections, but I'm especially drawn to this Anne of Green Gables set, which is available for $165.\nThis beautifully pacakaged set of the complete works of William Faulkner is available from Juniper Books for $250.\nThis lovely hardcover edition of To Kill a Mockingbird ($22.50) is one of Barnes & Noble's collectible editions. They have plenty of other titles available, including classics like Moby Dick and newer titles like Jurassic Park.\nPuffin classics makes these beautiful hardcover editions of well-loved childrens' books. This image is from Read the Bloody Book; you can buy a set that includes 10 of the books pictured above from Amazon for $149.99 (and you can also purchase the individual books on their own).\nPenguin's clothbound classics have a bit of an old-school feel, but with lovely, modern graphic covers and spines.\nPicador's series of modern classics features more recent titles you won't find in these other collections, packaged beautifully in tiny little books that are just the right size to fit in your hand. Image from Michael J Seidlinger.", "What is the purpose of the Common Ground sidewalk feature", "What type of information does Customised Service Solutions request that you not provide", "Bodybuilders Can Be Pregnant Too! It\u2019s Called Palumboism!\nBodybuilders have big stomachs for a couple of reasons. The first one would be, they are on steroids!\n- And what happens when someone is on steroids?\nTheir muscles grow, and it just so happens that every other body part grows as well (except your penis).\nIt also includes your abs, and your intestines. So when you have some big ass intestines, they are going to stick out.\nSo why else do bodybuilders have big stomachs?\nWell before we get into details on the other causes, you should read this article we previously wrote on steroids, and do you really need them to get big!\nThe second cause could be a disease called Palumboism. Here are some more details.\nPalumboism is a funny disease, since no one knows what really causes it! BUT, we do know where it came from!\n- It came from Dave Palumbo! It was named after his big ass stomach!\nSome people think and guess that the reason the bodybuilders in the last twenty years got these big ass stomachs, was because of the high does HGH and insulin.\n- I believe that these are definitely some of the reasons for this disease.\nIf you notice the bodybuilders from the beginning of competitive bodybuilding all the way to the early 1990\u2019s, you\u2019ll notice not a single person with the disease or its symptoms.\nWhy is this the case?\nWell to simply put it, bodybuilders back than were not trying to be the insane mass monsters that they are trying to become today.\n\u201cTrying to be a mass monster in bodybuilding, is going to involve a \u201cmass\u201d amount of steroids.\u201d\nThe guys in the sport tod", "rimes in your area. No password is required, just an email address which we can send your video unique reference number to. Once you\u2019ve recorded a crime, contact the police with your unique reference number and tell them to contact Eyes on Crime to get the video.\nNews and Missing Children\nContact Eyes on Crime if you have some crime related news you would like to include in the application. If you would like to report a missing child or have information about a missing child published through the application, a simple contact form will let you get in touch.", "What steps should one take when starting a photo printing business", "Shu Han Lee-inspired fried cashews with curry leaves\nThe recent lockdown has resulted in all sort of unexpected effects. Instead of sending physical birthday cards, I have taken to sending virtual recipes. In this case, I was searching for something suitable for a colleague in Singapore.\nThe charming and creative Shu Han Lee came immediately to mind. Born and bred in Singapore, she moved to London, taught herself to cook (needs must!), and built up a following via supper clubs. Her book, Chicken And Rice, is a treasure trove of accessible Asian recipes.\nOne of them is for fried peanuts with curry leaves. Han Lee comments that these fragrant nuts, \u201care dangerously addictive, so it\u2019s best to share them with a couple of good friends, preferably over bottles of cold beer and a good movie\u201d. Then she suggests experimenting by substituting other nuts.\nI\u2019ve done that. We", "What are some essential features people look for in picture printing services", "What was the main focus of the documentary 'Tell No One' by Tomasz and Marek Sekielski, and how did it influence the reaction of the Catholic Church in Poland", "Learn to dive in Bali with our lowest price ever!!\nNow only Rp4,875,000 3-4days\nAfter undertaking your pool training with 2\u20133 pool training sessions at our PADI 5* Dive Center in Sanur you will then make 4 amazing training dives in Amed & Tulamben over 2days, or you can choose to do your dives around Nusa Lembongan/Nusa Penida.\nLearn to Dive in Bali Schedule\nYou can start the course now with the PADI eLearning Option, this allows you to study the knowledge development at home online before you start your course, this can save you time on your holiday and you can get started with the practical stuff right away when you arrive!\nYou will need to sign up for eLearning and affiliate with our store, and there is an extra fee is that is paid directly to PADI upon registration.\nFREE DIVE INSURANCE FOR BEGINNERS\nWe realise that this is all new for beginner divers, so in order to make the learning process easy and carefree for beginners, and as as part of our commitment to dive education, we provide free insurance worth mor", "What are the dates and location of the ASA's Grow Your Portfolio conference in 2016", "Okay I need to speak to someone about this book! To start Hocus Pocus is my all time favourite movie, I think I have seen it upwards of 50 times and If I ever get a black cat his name will be Binx.\nSo, when I heard a few months ago that they were making a sequel to the movies I was so pumped. I know many people have mixed feelings, but I\u2019m pretty exicted. I\u2019m not a fandom purist and I don\u2019t expect it to be the best movie ever or to compare to the original, I\u2019m just hoping to watch a fun witchy movie.\nSo about a month ago I saw someone had a Hocus Pocus book (I\u2019m pretty sure it was a review copy) and I knew I immediately needed to find out what it was. So I ended up googling for the title, which is actually a bit difficult given that Hocus Pocus is a title used by a couple of books. I\u2019ll leave a link here if you want to read the synopsis. Here it is!\nSo from some research I discovered that this is a book version of the first movie and the second movie", "What are the main causes of Palumboism mentioned in the text", "and support for parents of special needs children, adults with new or complicated medical diagnosis, and adult caregivers.\nI also offer DBT services, EMDR, a targeted trauma treatment, and am equally affirming to heterosexual and same sex couples.\"\"Having over 20 years of clinical experience, I provide individual, couples, and group psychotherapy in a bias free, discreet, nurturing setting.\nI utilize a holistic view of clients, meaning I focus on mind and body health. I understand these feelings and how they can make you feel stuck in indecision.\"\"When I reflect on my education, professional, personal experience and distill my thoughts; I conclude *You are feeling pretty bad or you would not be making this search.\nI utilize a holistic view of clients, meaning I focus on mind and body health.\nCreating a partnership with my client is primary before any meaningful work begins.\nSearch for transgender dating in minnesota:\nWhatever reason you feel this way (life transitions like a new baby, empty nest, sexual dysfunction, low desire, etc--I can help you and your partner find your way to a sex life that feels good for both of you.", "it just as they choose.\"\nA History of the Jews - Ancient and Modern\nStarting from a political interpretation of the period when judges, kings and prophets held sway over Israel and Judah, Ilan Halevi traces the evolution of the Jewish identity through its numerous sta...\nMarx at the Margins: On Nationalism, Ethnicity, and Non-Western Societies\nAnderson, Kevin B.\nMarx\u2019s critique of capital was far broader than is usually supposed. To be sure, he concentrated on the labor-capital relation within Western Europe and North America. But at the same time, he expen...\nSeeing Ourselves: Exploring Race, Ethnicity and Culture\nJames, Carl E.\nStrange Fruit: Why Both Sides Are Wrong in the Race Debate\nMalik makes the case that most anti-racists accept the belief, also held by racialists and outright racists, that differences between groups are of great importance. While racialists attribute the dif...\nWorking Class Experience: Rethinking the History of Canadian Labour, 1800-1991\nPalmer, Bryan D.\nFrom nineteenth-century tavern life to late twentieth-century cinema, from rough canallers and the first stirrings of craft unionism to contemporary public-sector strikes, this books provides a sweepi...\nWorking Toward Whiteness: How America's Immigrants Became White\nSources Experts & Spokespersons\nThe Commonwealth is an association of 53 independent states consulting and co-operating in the common interests of their peoples and in the promotion of international understanding\nThe New Look\nAffirmative action may be out of favor at the Supreme Court, but it is becoming a stronger force on America's campuses. Until a decade or so ago, questions of ethnicity and equity could be considered ...\nMedia and Minorities\nRepresenting Diversity in a Multicultral Canada\nFleras, Augie; Kuhz, Jean Lock\nAn examination of the politics of media minority relations in a multicultural Canada.\nSources Select Resources Encyclopedia\nVirginia Tilley is an American political scientist specialising in the comparative study of ethnic and racial conflict and known especially for her work on a one-state solution in Israel-Palestine.", "What positions does Daniel Hyde currently hold at Magdalen College, Oxford", "When did Romsey Golf Club win women's pennants", "Common Ground is a sidewalk feature powered by curiosity and empathy between strangers.\nCommon Ground is a sidewalk installation consisting of pairs of seats and floor panels which activate special features when stepped on simultaneously by two strangers. The concept is designed to adapt to any urban environment and", "Transgender dating in minnesota best muslim dating sites\nSessions will be a blend of work, fun and together we will search for joy, insight and meaning, while getting to know your strengths and create healing.\"\"I believe that each individual frames their life from their experiences.Such experiences can cause distress, sometimes making life unbearable.My relational process aims to alleviate symptom's, express repressed/disavowed feelings, facilitate personal growth, reassign existential meanings, and repair/rebuild personality structures. I accept out of network insurance and direct fee for service.\"\"How Can I Serve You?I work with your pain to ultimately transform this into a greater capacity to express/receive love. I am an attachment based psychologist who uses the therapeutic relationship as the means for growth & change.Our approach is holistic and we steer away from labels and focus on you as a unique individual.We will work together to develop your strengths and to find your growth areas.I'm advanced trained in Discernment counseling as well.\nWhole Wellness Psychology offers medical advocacy services, providing therapy", "akdown of the resistance area and continued growth of XRP/USD to the area above the level of 0.3655. A confirmation of the fall in the digital currency will be a breakdown of the support area and closing below 0.2550. In this case, we should expect acceleration of the development of the downward trend of Ripple.\nRipple Forecast and XRP/USD Analysis November 13, 2019 suggests an attempt to test the resistance level near the 0.2815 area. Where can we expect the cryptocurrency to continue to fall with a potential target at the level of 0.2075. An additional signal in favor of reducing Ripple will be a test of the trend line on the relative strength index (RSI). Cancellation of the option of falling quotes will be a strong growth and a breakdown of the area of 0.3045. In this case, we should expect continued development of growth in digital currency with a target above 0.3655.\nLooking for the Best Forex Broker? We trade at RoboForex. You can receive a rebates from each trade when registering using our partner lin", "What is the main objective of the recent investments made in the education sector in Bangladesh", "What approach does Whole Wellness Psychology take in their therapeutic process", "tried her version \u2013 with peanuts and chillies \u2013 and it was indeed excellent, with powerful flavours and good with beer. This version is adapted to accompany a cold, nutty sherry; or a delicate, blushing ros\u00e9. I also struggle to find fresh curry leaves, but I find dried do well.\nRecipe for Shu Han Lee-inspired fried cashews with curry leaves\nServes a couple of friends with a drink\n- 4 cloves of garlic\n- 3 sprigs of curry leaves\n- a generous pinch of Urfa pepper flakes\n- groundnut oil for frying\n- 150g/1 cup cashews\n- Maldon salt\n- Crush the garlic cloves \u2013 don\u2019t bother to peel\n- Heat a little oil in a smallish frying pan.\n- Fry the nuts over a medium heat. Add the garlic, the Urfa pepper flakes, and the curry leaves. Stir.\n- When the nuts start to turn a golden brown, take off the heat. Put into a bowl, minus the garlic. Sprinkle with Maldon (or any textured) salt.", "You can use the Customised Service Solutions Website without telling us who you are or revealing other \u201cPersonal Information\u201d. The purpose of this online service is to provide you with information specifically relating to Customised Service Solutions, service offerings, contact information and pricing.\nIf you contact Customised Service Solutions via email, your email address, other identifying information such as name and phone number will be collected as per your signature block. This information will only be used to maintain contact with you regarding your service requests.\nCustomise Service Solutions request that you do not provide personal or sensitive information that does not directly relate to the provision of services delivered by Customised Service Solutions.\nCustomised Service Solutions train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. Access to your Personal Information is restricted to employees who need it to provide benefits or services to you.\nTo safeguard customer", "What kind of visuals or impact is the set intended to create when worn", "ife Lynn of Natchitoches, Ronald \"Red\" Floyd and wife Sandy of Shreveport, James \"Randy\" Floyd and wife Vicky Lynn of Longview, Texas, and son and daughter Billy Carroll and Carolyn, sisters Ann Howard of Birmingham, Alabama, Carolyn Cunningham of Walnut Ridge, Arkansas, brother Gene Floyd of Swifter, Arkansas, sisters-in-law Joyce Floyd, Lola Gilmore, and Frannie Rogers, seven grandchildren and sixteen great-grandchildren.\nPallbearers will be Scot Floyd, Michael Williams, Daniel Butler, Micky Davis, Tanner Holt, and Tucker Holt.\nRose-Neath Funeral Home\n211 Murrell Street Minden, LA 71055\nPublished in Shreveport Times on May 11, 2014", "What topic does Virginia Tilley specialize in according to the text segment", "week, may drop another 44 percent should the world economy slip into a recession.\"\nIf you recall, when oil prices were peaking (~ $140) earlier this year, Goldman Sachs started predicting that we'd see $200-a-barrel oil soon. Ha! They used this announcement to lure many players into the market - to then crush them all with their massive manipulation efforts.\nDon't trust anything these folks say! Oil will now RISE!", "Event 107: $600 No-Limit Hold\u2019em SuperStack $250,000 Guarantee\nBlinds: 50,000-100,000 w/10,000 ante\nTotal Entrants: 731\nPlayers Remaining: 3\nChip Average: 4,875,000\nWithin the same orbit of Paul Ahi\u2019s elimination, Xiu-Xian Deng exited after grinding her short stack all the way to fourth place.\nDeng", "Books have been around for a long time, but the introduction of the printing press in the 15th century transformed books from luxury objects that only the very wealthy could afford into almost mundane things, present in every home. But in our lifetimes we're witnessing another technological revolution: the advent of the e-book, which makes traditional books seem, at best, a bit of a throwback, and at worst, obsolete. This had has, I think, a really interesting effect on the design of books: just like folks in the middle ages, we are once again starting to see them more as cherished objects and less as utilities.\nAs the value of books as sources of information has declined (because just look it up on Wikipedia, right?), the value of books as tactile objects, even as works of art, has increased. To own a book in its physical form seems in a way indulgent, almost luxurious, and manufacturers of books are capitalizing on that by making the experience of holding and reading books more pleasurable than ever before. Not since the illuminated manuscripts of the middle ages has more attention been paid to the aesthetic experience of book reading.\nIf you're a bibliophile like myself you may be worried about what the ascendance of the e-book means for reading in general \u2014 but it's hard to argue that we're living in a sort of golden age when it comes to book design. Just look at these examples of be", "What institutions and ensembles has Daniel collaborated with since moving to Magdalen College in 2009", "What safety requirement is in place for children using the floats and launches", "lf to digital picture printing. This will cut down on the amount of space and equipment you will need to acquire to start.\nResearch and acquire printing equipment. A popular option for digital printing is a self-service kiosk. The customer can insert a media card or other digital storage device and select the pictures for printing. The kiosk does all of the work. A clerk can assist the customer as needed and facilitate payment after printing. People expect on-the-spot printing, so the kiosk is a competitive choice for printing equipment.\nSelect a location for your picture printing business. A shopping plaza is a good option because people will be there for other shopping needs. Convenience in picture printing has become essential. Quick, good quality, and easily accessed are all key features people look for in picture printing services. Choose a location and acquire a lease agreement.\nAcquire a good selection of camera accessories to have on hand in your storefront. Camera batteries, bags, and media cards are in high demand. Picture frames and albums are a good choice for home accessories. Place these items in an area visible to your printing kiosk. While their pictures print, they will have an opportunity to browse for accessories.\nStart a weekly or monthly camera club. Creating an event or experience for your customers can lead to a loyal customer base. Photographers love to network and share ideas, techniques, equipment advice and photographs.\nDo not open your doors for business until you are ready to make your first impression. The first impression you make can determine your success", "linux users with this problem.\n> On previous releases of wing 4 the icon was ther.\nI wonder if the icon/menu installation script failed. Can you try\nmanually running the following to see if it fixes things?\nAlso, that writes a desktop install log that should already exist and\nmight contain the errors that occurred:\nPlease let me know if this doesn't help.\nWingware | Python IDE\nAdvancing Software Development\nMore information about the wingide-users", "What should Linux users do if they experience an issue with the icon/menu installation in Wing 4", "What motivated Judi to start her kaftan business Ruby and Raven", "nic Variations on the organ of the Royal Albert Hall. As an ensemble player he is regularly engaged to appear with the Britten Sinofnia, Aurora Orchestra, Gabrieli Consort and the Academy of Ancient Music.\nSince moving to Magdalen College in 2009, he has often collaborated with the viol consort Phantasm, with whom he has given concerts and broadcasts at the Wigmore Hall and in Vienna and Finland, as well as recording for Linn Records. Formerly Director of Cambridge University Chamber Choir and the locally based Harlow Chorus, Daniel was more recently Assistant Director and Accompanist to the London Bach Choir. Increasingly in demand as a conductor, he has worked with the Britten Sinfonia, the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment, the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, the City of London Sinfonia, Players of the Orchestra of the Sixteen and International Baroque Players. In Oxford he has collaborated with the Philomusica and has also engaged Oxford Baroque to join Magdalen College Choir on numerous occasions. Magdalen College Choir enjoys an exclusive recording contract with Opus Arte, the label of the Royal Opera House\nRecent and forthcoming engagements include concerts at the London Oratory and the St Albans International Organ Festival, and summer festivals in Germany, Finland and Edington. In 2014 he gave the recital as part of the RCO annual conferment of diplomas, the occasion at with the College marked its 150th anniversary. Tours are planned with the Choir of Magdalen College to Holland and China. In the academic year 2014/15 he gave a series of recitals celebrating the inauguration of the new Dobson organ at Merton College, surveying the complete organ works of J S Bach.", "What do users need to provide in order to receive a unique reference number after recording a crime", "What is the fee structure for using the facilities at PYC", "Education Achievements and School Efficiency in Rural Bangladeshby Shahidur R. Khandker\nBangladesh spends only 2 percent of its GNP on education, compared to 3.2 percent in an average low-income country and 6 percent in an average high-income country. Low investment in education results in low literacy, which in turn results in low productivity, low incomes, poor health and, above all, high population growth. To counter these trends, Bangladesh has invested substantially in the education sector in recent years. The objective of this investment has been to improve both the quality and quantity of education, especially among the female population. This paper assesses whether these interventions can improve the literacy, school participation and school attainment rates. It first presents a descriptive analysis of schooling achievements at the household level in Bangladesh and then discusses educational outcomes at the school level. It presents a model framework for analyzing the effect relevant", "What types of books or collections are mentioned in the text segment and where can they be purchased", "rmit any charge for use of a mooring. There is a fee for use of our facilities, covering launch service, showers, laundry, parking, and use of the Dining Room. The fee is $37/night for the first four nights; it decreases to $30/night for additional nights up to 10. The Town of Falmouth limits stays to 14 days or fewer.\nFull Marine services, including fuel, holding tank pump-out, and repairs are available next door at Handy Boat Service. The Falmouth Town Landing to the north of PYC also offers pump-out service", "What is the speaker's favorite movie and why are they excited about a sequel", "What notable achievements has the Romsey Golf Club had in Pennant Golf over the years", "Which school did St Mary's Year 10 defeat to win the State Championships", "Ice, water, electricity, and loading carts are available. Trash and recycling receptacles are located 100 feet from the top of the pier by the parking lot. Tie-up time at the floats may be limited to 30 minutes in very busy times. No overnight tie-up is permitted; however, we keep a dinghy on the inner float for those who may arrive after launch service ends. Lifejackets must be worn on the floats and launches by all children 12 and under.\nWhile the Club has moorings available, the Town of Falmouth does not pe", "structure opportunities.\nClickFunnels sustains email assimilation with every one of the significant email automation systems such as:\n- Active Campaign\n- Constant Contact\n- Get Response\n- Mad Mimi\n- Market Hero\n- And others\nNonetheless, ClickFunnels additionally has their own powerful automation tool called Actionetics.\nAlthough you could produce, schedule, and deliver e-mails as with other e-mail marketing platform, Actionetics is a lot a lot more.\nI enjoy Actionetics since it not only replaces your email advertising yet carrier advertising and marketing and SMS advertising and marketing software programs also. This takes automation to an entire brand-new degree as well as assists you interact the perfect message to your consumers, precisely when they require it. A video clip review of Actionetics will be offered additionally listed below.\n* Payment and also Settlement Assimilation *.\nAn amazing feature within ClickFunnels is the ability to gather all the payment information from your customers exactly on your sales web page. Marketing is made so much easier when consumers do not need to leave your website.\nClickFunnels integrates with significant payment portals such as PayPal, Red Stripe, as well as InfusionSoft, to name a few.\nWhile you could start with the Free 14-Day Trial, there are 3 various prices options with ClickFunnels:\n- $ 97/month.\n- $ 297/month.\n- $ 997 bulk price cut strategy (advised).\nI\u2019ll explain for each of these plans below.\n1. ClickFunnels Criterion Plan \u2013 $97/month.\nThe standard strategy consists of every one of the attributes you would require within ClickFunnels, yet with limitations on the number of funnels (20) and also web pages (100) you can have in your account, along with the number of site visitors (20K) can watch your web pages each month.\nYou likewise do not receive innovative capability such as ClickFunnels very own e-mail advertising and marketing as well as affiliate monitoring devices.\n2. ClickFunnels Etison Suite \u2013 $297/month.\nThis plan includes all the bells as well as whistles of the conventional strategy, without any limitations. It also has 2 added items created by ClickFunnels called Actionetics (e-mail advertising and marketing) as well as Backpack (associate administration system).\nIn Actionetics \u2013 you can take care of all of your calls that sign up for your list, send e-mail programs, as well as create a host of other automations. AnyMeeting Windows Phone\nThe distinction between the two plans truly is the constraints, and also Actionetics/Backpack. If you are a fundamental customer and don\u2019t anticipate to use more than 20 funnels in your account \u2013 the Standard Strategy must be sufficient.\nNonetheless, if you prepare to have an affiliate program or intend to keep your e-mail advertising within ClickFunnels and also not utilize a 3rd party software application, the Etison Suite is for you.\nYou can constantly start on the lower plan as well as upgrade if needed.\n3. Funnel Hacks System \u2013 $997\nFor any individual that\u2019s serious about their business, the ClickFunnels Funnel Hacks System is the deal of the century.\nThe $997 Funnel Hacks System contains durable training programs packed with 6-month accessibility to the ClickFunnels Etison Suite.\nThis is an incredible deal since outside of this program, 6-months of Etison Collection alone would certainly cost you $1782.\nNot only are you saving $785 yet you\u2019re getting a lots of trainings as well as guides to aid you get the most from ClickFunnels!\nClickFunnels Pros and Cons\n- Creating funnels is really basic, easy, as well as quick\n- All-in-one platform with every little thing your company needs to win\n- Split screening and also conversion tracking consisted of\n- Email combination with all of the major e-mail autoresponder platforms\n- Repayment handling capabilities within ClickFunnels\n- ClickFunnels is always adjusting as well as upgrading to the times\n- There is always support readily available (whether online or otherwise).\n- Extremely active Facebook Team Community.\n- Free 14-Day Test \u2013 allows you to attempt it take the chance of free.\n- As outstanding as ClickFunnels is, it definitely is not an economical solution as well as calls for a continual subscription to use\n- Support isn\u2019t really always the fastest and also may draw from 1 min to 24-HOUR depending upon the issue.\nClickFunnels versus Everybody Else.\nLots of people ask exactly how ClickFunnels as compares to other touchdown web page contractors such as Leadpages, Unbounce, and Infusionsoft.\nFor the most part it\u2019s not actually a fair contrast since each of these devices succeeds is one location or the various other.\nThe graph over provides a detailed evaluation \u2013 yet I\u2019ll highlight a few of the major contrasts below.\nClickFunnels vs Leadpages\nBefore ClickFunnels, Leadpages was the huge pet.\nLeadpages is simply a lead capture software program \u2013 absolutely nothing more. You could produce touchdown pages, lead boxes, accumulate leads \u2026 that\u2019s basically it. Additionally, the Leadpages layouts are additionally limited on modification.\nClickFunnels is much more versatile \u2013 it\u2019s much easier to use and does so far more than produce lead capture web pages.\nBasically, Leadpages is really simply a touchdown page home builder, while ClickFunnels is concentrated around developing very integrated funnels.\nClickFunnels vs Infusionsoft\nInfusionsoft is not a landing web page or sales page home builder. It has a few of that functionality built it, but that\u2019s not exactly what it\u2019s recognized for.\nAt it\u2019s core, Infusionsoft is a CRM platform \u2013 one that permits you to manage your entire client data source. ClickFunnels has this ability with Actionetics, but it\u2019s not almost as progressed as Infusionsoft.\nInfusionsoft is likewise exceptionally expensive and also forces every new consumer to pay $2000 for a compulsory kickstart mentoring package simply to learn how to use the intricate system (which is infamously hard to make use of).\nClickFunnels Associate Program\nThere are two primary paths people decrease as ClickFunnels customers.\nThose that opt to make use of the tool for their company \u2013 in hopes of one day accomplish the Two Comma Club (over $1M in profits).\nAnd those that are interested in making easy earnings as a ClickFunnels Associate as well as winning the Dream Cars and truck Contest (where they pay $500/$1000 to your dream vehicle if you get to 100/200 energetic regular monthly signups, specifically).\nWith a whopping 40% month-to-month repeating commission, ClickFunnels quickly has one of the best affiliate programs of any kind of system available.\nThat\u2019s right \u2013 you make money an ongoing 40% compensation on every affiliate signup you make through the ClickFunnels Affiliate Program. However, what does that really equate to?\nThe basic plan is a $97/month investment as well as the Etison Suite strategy is a $297/month investment. for that reason you make $38.80 per basic strategy and $118.80 each Etison Suite strategy \u2026 each and every month!\nTypically, every 100 signups will generate $4000/month in associate payments (essentially depending upon how many Etison Plan customers are in there).\nThe Bottom Line\nClickFunnels is hands down the greatest system if you are planning to quickly build high transforming sales funnels.\nSince it was built from the ground up to be the best sales funnel home builder, it beats out all of the competitors in that respect.\nExternally, it may not be the cheapest product out there \u2013 however if you utilize it to its complete capacity, your company will end up being extra lucrative as well as you will certainly conserve money from not needing to make use of other devices. AnyMeeting Windows Phone\nIf you have actually reviewed this far right into my ClickFunnels Testimonial, I advise you see for yourself with a Free 14-Day Trial below", "See you at the ASA's Grow Your Portfolio conference 2016\nOn behalf of the Australian Shareholders\u2019 Association, we\u2019re delighted to announce that Sharesight will be sponsoring and exhibiting at the 2016 Grow Your Portfolio conference, to be held 16-17 May at Sheraton on the Park, Sydney.\nAccording to the ASA, they have \u201cput together an impressive program with high calibre, thought-provoking speakers ensuring you receive the maximum return on your registration investment.\u201d\nThe comprehensive program includes the following streams:\n- Buying and selling shares\n- Investor\u2019s toolkit\n- Investor\u2019s opportunities\n- Investor\u2019s alternatives\nRegistrations are now open for the two day conference with an optional third day.\nRegister before 15 March 2016 to take advantag", "to determine how to reset your password. Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.\nCode red: A confusing few days for Meck County homebuilders\nFor a handful of days last month, confusion reigned among Meck County homebuilders\nFor three days in February, no one knew when Mecklenburg County was going to be able to consider new requests for residential building permits", "What are the concerns about the book's writing style mentioned in the text", "Year 10 State Champions\nSt Mary's Years 9,10 and 11 debating teams represented the Southern region of NSW in the Regional finals of the CSAD Debating Competition.Schools from Murwillumbah, Lithgow, Booragul, Forbes, Adamstown, Young, Gateshead and Nowra gathered to fight it out for the Country Championship. The Year 10 team defeated their oppositions", "Grime music on the West side of the Atlantic ocean is an especially acquired taste. Technically, the best way to describe grime music is a blend of Dancehall, Hip Hop and Electro [Techno, Drum and Bass etc]. You can always tell it\u2019s grime if the MC sounds slightly off of the beat, that\u2019s just the way they flow to it.\nSubjectively speaking, I would classify Grime as the resonance in between buildings when a car tha", "What functionality does the Eyes on Crime application provide to users", "Who are the family members mentioned in the text segment", "Sheryl\u2019s Last Stand is the first in the Bellydancing and Beyond series - a satirical look at romantic comedy.\nSheryl has seen better days; but now, at the wrong side of thirty-five she has lost it all and must start again. Not alone; but under the watchful eye of her mother, her sister and various friends who have known her since she was in na", "What types of improvements is Southeastern planning to implement under their current contract with the Department for Transport", "t drives by is bumping a hard ass beat. Grime is the sound of a subway [or a metro as they call it], it\u2019s the sound of the sewers, it\u2019s the sound of an alley way. When I first heard Grime about 6 or 7 years ago I can honestly admit I wasn\u2019t feeling it. But the only thing that\u2019s changed since then is that I moved to the city, and when you walking down the street with grime blasting in your ears you feel invincible.", "What delay time does MP Gareth Johnson suggest should trigger compensation for Southeastern passengers", "You may have reached this page due to new security upgrades that have been implemented regarding multiple user logins. For security reasons, only one user is able to be signed in to an account per session. If multiple users at a single site need online access, please contact firstname.lastname@example.org for firm access reduced pricing. If, however, you believe your login information has been compromised, please call customer service at 1-800-451-9998", "What are the basic steps involved in creating a composite image using Photoshop", "What is MP Joanna Scheuring-Wielgus's stance regarding the actions of the Catholic Church towards victims of paedophilia in Poland", "information, Customised Service Solutions is a https:// website, providing a Secure Socket Layer (SSL), used to encrypt transmission of data between the visitor and the website. Web browsers such as Chrome, Firefox and Internet Explorer will display a green lock icon on top left side of the Customised Service Solutions web address bar to indicate the website has an active HTTPs connection.\nCustomise Service Solutions provides products and services to both Holiday property owners and/or agents. Information relating to service requests, location and household inventory are managed electronically, with safeguards \u2013 Norton Antivirus software as well as SSL protection for our service delivery emails.\nAll Customise Service Solutions staff sign a confidentiality clause as part of their employment contract, failure to comply with the confidentiality clause constitutes misconduct for which employment may be terminated immediately.\nContact us about your privacy concerns.\nCustomised Service Solutions \u2013 0497 939 034\nAlternatively \u2013 firstname.lastname@example.or", "What does Common Ground aim to achieve among participants in public spaces", "nd sturdy hook and eye panel on the back. Look drop dead fantastic in this lovely set that will accentuate your curves!\nMatch with our sexy plus size harness cage bra and panties briefs", "Which year team from St Mary's became the champions at the CSAD Debating Competition", "What kind of condition could cause oil prices to drop another 44 percent, according to the text", "What do analysts from Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch predict regarding future oil prices", "provoking religious groups with antireligious posters.\n\u201cInstead of kneeling in front of the bishops, you should all kneel before the victims of paedophile priests and beg for forgiveness! You have done nothing for the raped children for years and continue to do nothing!\u201d yelled MP Joanna Scheuring-Wielgus of the opposition party Spring before showing a map of the case of paedophilia in Poland in the Sejm. Ms Scheuring-Wielgus is running for the EP from Warsaw \u2013 the list of Spring, no.2.\nMicha\u0142 Szu\u0142drzy\u0144ski, a conservative journalist wrote in Rzeczpospolita that \u201cthe Church paedophilia film has surprised Law and Justice\u201d. On Saturday morning, hours before the Sekielski documentary is released, Jaros\u0142aw Kaczy\u0144ski is talking about the need to defend traditional values. Szu\u0142drzy\u0144ski: \u201cthe Kaczy\u0144ski party misses out the social mood\u201d and points out all the strategic mistakes and steps that the ruling party did. He concludes: \u201cthe European Coalition lead by Grzegorz Schetyna just caught a second breath\u201d and \u201cSchetyna paraphrased Kaczy\u0144ski words, when the PiS leader was saying a hand raised against the Church is a hand raised against Poland. The European Coalition leader in response to the documentary said, that the hand raised against the Polish state belongs to the one who raises it against a Polish child\u201d.\nI agree with Mr Szu\u0142drzy\u0144ski. Law and Justice misinterpreted the gravity of the Sekielski documentary. The final 10 days ahead of the elections is a moment when Law and Justice has additional problems to motivate their electorate to come out and vote. Their general support may not be evaporating as fast, but the willingness to go out and vote for the reactionary force may be softened.\nIf Law and Justice stalls and potentially is set to lose out, who wins? The European Coalition is quick to respond properly, says Mr Szu\u0142drzy\u0144ski. Yet there is the third party of Robert Biedro\u0144, the Spring, who is the most credible with secularisation. Ms Scheuring-Wielgus has been raising the issue for months; she arose to prominence when she handed in the report on paedophilia in the Polish Church to Pope Francis, who embraced the victim of paedophilia Marek Lisi\u0144ski, head of the foundation \u201cDo Not Be Afraid\u201d back in February. Mr Lisi\u0144ski travelled to Rome with MP Scheuring-Wielgus.\nThe issue is bigger that the current EP campaign and most likely will overshadow the rest of the remaining period. Every day new victims come out with their stories and the media are fully reporting on the issue. The group of people who are in denial is cracking. Since the head of the Catholic Church in Poland is no longer in that group alongside many bishops, it will be very difficult for the ruling party to deny the problem. The problem not being the paedophilia, but the Church cover up of paedophilia.\nIn a normal country MEP candidate Saryusz-Wolski should be forced to apologize for his words and MEP Ryszard Legutko, who has been PiS leader in the EP, should be removed from the ranks.\nYet there is another twist to the politics of the situation. The \u201chard core\u201d deniers of the Confederation are raising their heads. They, too, can benefit from the softening of the message of the Church, and potentially Law and Justice. A former MEP Janusz Korwin-Mikke expressed some understanding for the paedophiles", "What problem is Noe Nieto experiencing with WingIde in Gnome 3", "policy variables on both the household-level and the school-level education outcomes, and then gives the estimates of these outcomes. The estimates of school-level outcomes provide a measure of school efficiency in terms of the effectiveness of government inputs in determining these outcomes. The paper then gives the results of a simulation exercise, which suggests ways in which the government can improve schooling outcomes and school effectiveness in rural Bangladesh. It concludes by summarizing the findings and discussing policy options for increasing human capital in Bangladesh. The paper also concludes that school interventions, such as more and better schools, better trained and educated teachers, more female teachers, and better water and sanitation facilities in schools, allkey elements of the Bank-supported educational projects in Bangladesh, are able to promote literacy and improve school participation and school attainment rates.\nMost Helpful Customer Reviews\nSee all customer review", "together. It seems to be written by a ghost writer and it comes out in July.\nNow the question is, do I need this book?\nI\u2019m so conflicted! For some reason I think I\u2019d like reading this book more if it was only the sequel, for some reason reading a novel based on a movie seems really odd to me. Especially in this case because I know the movie oddly well. I think I prefer reading a book first then experiencing the movie, but that might just be an odd personal quirk.\nI am also slightly put off by the fact that this is written by a ghost writer, so I can\u2019t really know too much about the writing style.\nBut, it\u2019s a Hocus Pocus Book. I might just need it for all of that witchy goodness. Also the cover art is gorgeous and might be worth it only for that!\nOh gosh, I think I may have just convinced myself that I need this book! If you love Hocus Pocus I\u2019d love to hear your opinion on this! Or if you have read a book based on a movie , I\u2019d love to hear about it", "How has the introduction of the e-book affected the perception and design of physical books", "What does the Ecstasy black plus size suspender garter belt complement in terms of lingerie", "uest to firstname.lastname@example.org.\nLINKS FROM OUR SITE\nWhere Our Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.\nJURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW\nThe English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to Our Site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.\nIf you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact us at email@example.com.\nThank you for visiting our site.", "What inspired Judi Barrkman to become a cook and pursue a career in hospitality", "LINKING TO OUR SITE\nYou may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.\nYou must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.\nOur Site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of Our Site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy.\nIf you wish to make any use of material on Our Site other than that set out above, please address your req", "Get ready for much higher oil prices!\nIn this Bizarro world we live in, Goldman and Merrill pronouncements usually turn out to be the inverse of reality. Well today they both stated oil will likely fall another 44%. See below from Bloomberg (1 hr ago):\n\"Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Merrill Lynch & Co. analysts say crude, which fell more than 50 percent from a record $147.27 a barrel in July to a 14-month low last", "t transplant you within three to five years of having had cancer. So my concern was, if I only got one breast removed and it came back in another breast later in life, I wouldn\u2019t be able to have the transplant and I\u2019d have to be on dialysis for years until I was past that period of time,\u201d she explains.\nJudi had the double mastectomy in September 2013 and decided not to have a reconstruction after much deliberation.\nFor a year I had no breasts, because I wanted to see if I could cope living with no boobs, and I didn\u2019t like it. I swim a lot and I\u2019m also pretty relaxed in my dress style. You feel very self conscious,\u201d she says.\nBut as they say, there is always a silver lining, and Judi\u2019s was stumbling upon what is now her kaftan business Ruby and Raven.\n\u201cThree months after that my partner at the time and I went to India. I\u2019d been a couple times before. It\u2019s a place that whenever you need to put things into perspective, go to India,\u201d she says.\nSo I went there, no boobs, very self conscious. We were in this shop and I bought this beautiful kaftan and felt so much better because it was all loose and flowy. Everywhere I went women were coming up to me asking me where I got it and telling me I look amazing.\u201d\nAt the time, Judi was looking for a career change, as she suspected that the years of stress in hospitality was one of the causes of the cancer. Another moment of kismet followed and everything fell into place.\n\u201cI\u2019d met this guy, Niyas, while we were there, we just got into his cab one day and he and I just seemed to hit it off.\u201d\nShe came back to Australia and had the strongest sense that she wanted to do something for Niyas\u2019 family who was struggling to put food on the table and keep their house from literally falling down. Judi employed Niyas to help her with Ruby and Raven and he began finding her fabrics, tailors and suppliers.\n\u201cHe co-ordinates everything there. I entrusted him with all this money, he could have ripped it off and to date he\u2019s been spot on. And now he\u2019s rebuilt his house,\u201d she says.\nIn the meantime, Judi decided to get the breast reconstruction, which brought back her confidence. It was 2015 and Judi was starting life afresh with a newfound zest for life.\n\u201cI moved up to Sunrise Beach. Got back into it, pumped. Life moves on. Single. New boobs. Let\u2019s do it!\u201d she says excitedly.\nBut then Judi\u2019s kidney function started crashing and by September that year it had fallen below 20 per cent.\n\u201cI had a complete meltdown because I\u2019d just been through all that, and financially I was really starting to get in a pickle,\u201d she says.\nLittle did Judi know, she had a saviour by her side since she was 13 years old. Her best friend, Kerryn, had always said that she would give her a kidney when the time came. After months of testing, they found she was a match.\nI don\u2019t think there would be a truer test of friendship or a more generous thing you could do. A complete legend. She has been part of my family for years but now she\u2019s the other sister,\u201d says Judi.\nKerryn was able to go home the day after surgery, but Judi had a long road to recovery, including numerous medications (and their side effects), a stint of neutropenia, a virus called CMV, and mental health issues. Thankfully in the last two months Judi is back on her feet again with a brand new perspective.\n\u201cI\u2019ve given up smoking and drinking, and I\u2019m vegan. I\u2019m doing lots of swimming, walking and eating raw foods. I\u2019m just going for it,\u201d she says.\n\u201cI want to enjoy life, slow it down, keep it simple. My tribe of people; that\u2019s what has gotten me through and that\u2019s what makes you strong. The support I have around me is just amazing. You don\u2019t go through all that without changing and without wanting a different life.", "Who is the author of the book 'Chicken And Rice' and what type of recipes does it contain", "ppies.\nHow does she cope?\nWith a newly discovered passion for belly dancing Sheryl sets out to chase her fantasies. But with a teacher like Nefertiti, and mother like Beatrice chasing your fantasies is easier said than done\u2026\nSheryl\u2019s last Stand is a comedy for women who love to laugh, believe in romance but like it served with a bit of reality", "What is the site's policy regarding links to third-party sites", "XRP/USD are trading at 0.2691 and continue to move as part of the decline. The capitalization of the Ripple cryptocurrency at the time of the publication of the forecast is $11 875 120 229. Moving averages indicate the presence of a short-term bullish trend for Ripple. Prices fell below the area between the signal lines, indicating pressure from sellers. At the moment, we should expect an attempt to correct the digital asset and a test of the resistance level near the 0.2815 area. Further, the continued fall of cryptocurrency to the area below the level of 0.2075.\nRipple Forecast and XRP/USD Analysis November 13, 2019\nIn favor of reducing the XRP/USD quotes, a test of the downward trend line on the relative strength index (RSI) will come out. The second signal in favor of falling asset quotes will be a rebound from the upper boundary of the bearish channel. Cancellation of the option of falling cryptocurrency will be a strong growth and closing of quotations above the level of 0.3045. This will indicate a bre", "Dartford MP slams \"poor\" Southeastern's passenger repayment service\nPUBLISHED: 09:35 04 March 2016 | UPDATED: 09:47 04 March 2016\nThe comments came in a debate on Wednesday\nRail service Southeastern has been criticised by Dartford\u2019s MP Gareth Johnson, who said the company had \u201call but given up on getting its franchise renewed.\u201d\nAt a House of Commons debate on Wednesday, Mr Johnson asked the rail minister, Claire Perry, to consider the way the company\u2019s \u2018delay repay\u2019 scheme works.\nIt currently compensates passengers who have suffered a 30 minute delay.\nBut Mr Johnson believes the rail service should offer repayment after 15 minutes.\nThe Conservative MP said: \u201cSoutheastern\u2019s performance this year has so far been particularly poor. Their trains are consistently late, are cancelled or miss stops.\n\u201cIt is not good enough. There has to be a fairer compensation system for passengers when delays occur.\n\u201cA fifteen-minute delay is still significant and so compensation should begin at that point rather than the current thirty minutes.\n\u201cWe should not allow for trains to be delayed for say 25 minutes without there being any consequence for Southeastern.\u201d\nIn response the rail minister said: \u201cIt is a manifesto commitment of my government, reiterated by the chancellor, to introduce in a relatively shor", "What is Sheryl's newly discovered passion in her pursuit of chasing her fantasies", "What caused confusion among Meck County homebuilders last month", "What is the main premise of Sheryl's Last Stand", "e their advantages, and both are utilized when it comes to composite photography.\nFilm has to be developed, typically in a dark room, so you can\u2019t just upload your picture to Photoshop and start editing. Fortunately, there are amazing composite photographers who work with film.\nHow do you create a composite image?\nYou are probably wondering how to create composite images from digital cameras, but before we discuss that, let\u2019s talk about film and composite photography.\nIn the picture above, do you think it is film or digital? Jerry Uelsmann creating this with film, letting them develop on top of each other in a darkroom. While working, he combined the negatives of images together to create one seamless piece.\nIf you don\u2019t know how to develop pictures in a darkroom, that\u2019s totally okay! Jerry Uelsmann created his photographs before Photoshop even existed, but luckily, we now have access to editing programs.\nLet\u2019s look at the steps to creating a great composite image. Wix Photography Blog has a simple and easy-to-read list of the steps that go into creating your piece. This isn\u2019t an in-depth list, so be sure to read the section below to find out about tutorials to become a better composite photographer. To watch these steps in action, watch this video.\n- Choose a photo that will be the background of the final image.\n- Add a new layer with the image that contains the element you want to add.\n- In this case \u2013 the added element is a hot air balloon.\n- Use the Magic Wand (or any other selection tool) to select the added element (i.e. the hot air balloon).\n- Now click the \u2018Mask\u2019 button below the layers, to mask out the element. To remove the background in the hot air balloon photo, paint the mask square white.\n- Now click the \u2018Mask\u2019 button below the layers or cut the selection into a new layer. If you choose a Layer Mask you can always hide or reveal parts of the original photo by coloring the mask layer in white or black (white to reveal; black to hide).\nKeep in mind that there are more steps than creating the actual image on Photoshop. Each element of the piece needs to have appropriate lighting and blend into the picture so it doesn\u2019t seem too unnatural. We don\u2019t want a part of the picture to be overly bright compared to the rest.\nGreat composite photography is an art. Individuals like Erik Johansson didn\u2019t just snap a few pictures and edit them, he spent time perfecting each piece. With practice, you can do this too!\nComposite Photography Tutorials\nThere are plenty of how-to lists on the internet, but you need a full and informative tutorial on how to create amazing composite images. Here are a few tutorials and courses that will teach you all about composite photography.\nCreating Your Reality with Composite Photography with Renee Robyn\nThis is an online course offered by Creative Live. It is packed with 60 lessons that cover everything you need to know. The teacher, Renee Robyn, is a photographer with an impressive portfolio on her website. With this course, you can rest assured knowing that you are getting great and informative lessons from someone who knows what they are talking about.\nPhotoshop Composite Image Course on Udemy\nPrice: $199.99 (there are discounts often though, when I viewed this, the course was $11.99!)\nThis is 5 courses in 1! Udemy offers this bundle, along with several other photography courses so if you are eager to learn more, check out their website. If you don\u2019t know how to use Photoshop, that\u2019s okay too. Although this course is for mid-level users, there is a section on the basics of Photoshop.\nWhen you pay and complete this course, you will also get;\n- 6 hours on-demand video\n- 5 articles\n- Full lifetime access\n- Access on mobile and TV\n- Certificate of Completion\nTop Tips for Photoshop Compositing by Karl Taylor\nIf you aren\u2019t looking for an actual course, definitely check out this website. This is an article that contains all the basics of composite photography without the structure of course. The article goes in-depth and describes how to create images like the one above.", "What security measures does Customised Service Solutions implement to protect data transmission on their website", "ay are taking INSANE amounts of steroids and it all started in the 90\u2019s.\n- That is exactly why these bodybuilding freaks started having big ass stomachs!\nHowever, I believe the main culprit of Palumboism is stress and adrenal fatigue.\nBodybuilders put vast amounts of stress on their bodies.\n\u201cFrom various things, such as forced eating, steroid and performance enhancer use and weight training, which in itself is very stressful to the central nervous system.\u201d\nOver time, it\u2019s no wonder these people\u2019s bodies begin to breakdown.\n- Stress can do that to a person and high stress levels is one of the indications of adrenal fatigue.\nTherefore the main causes of Palumboism can be broken down into these four areas\n1. High steroid usage\n2. High HGH/insulin usage\n4. Adrenal fatigue\nThere are currently no known cures for Palumbosim.\nThat said, I strongly recommend you lay of the steroids for breakfast, lunch and dinner!\nThe only solution to the disease is if the person gives their bodies a rest, meaning no more usage of steroids and other various performance enhancers.\nSimple rest and recovery will soothe the disease and halt it right into it\u2019s tracks.\n- Keep in mind that this all goes back to your own insecurities as a meathead. You are using the juice in order to get bigger muscles, which will eventually increase your self confidence?\nWell that has a price my friend. You seriously do risk of having a big ass stomach, and that very well might not be reversible.\nSo ask yourself, if looking like a pregnant bodybuilder is really worth the temporary fake muscles you will have", "What were the starting hands of Deng and Qiao Chi in the poker game", "11 May 2019, the Tomasz and Marek Sekielski documentary about the paedophilia in the Catholic Church in Poland is released. No major TV wanted to produce it, so the journalist Tomasz Sekielski and his brother collected the necessary resources via crowd founding site and released the documentary on YouTube.\n16 May 2019, the documentary \u201cTell No One\u201d has been watched 16 million times. You can watch it here with English subtitles:\nThe real problem\nThe impact this movie has is enormous. It is impossible to predict the full scale effect of the wave it has ignited. The chain of events is very fast.\nIf you see this movie you know, that the problem addressed in the Sekielskis\u2019 documentary is not paedophilia. It is the Catholic Church cover up of paedophiles among priests.\nThe bishops of the Catholic Church are apologetic. Even archbishop S\u0142awoj Leszek G\u0142\u00f3d\u017a, who was initially dismissive of the documentary, is apologetic now. The leading voice belongs to the country\u2019s primate Wojciech Polak: this film is \u201can element of crushing down of this reality\u201d.\n\u201cThe reality\u201d is a reality in which there is a system of cover up, a system where the victims are left alone and left oppressed not to tell. A system in which the Catholic Church is proven a wrong doing and requires soul searching and change.\nCan the change be generated from within the Catholic Church in Poland or it requires an external pressure? Vatican sends archbishop Charles Scicluna, who has been sent before to Chile to help the local degenerated clergy to come to terms with their past. Now the Vatican seems to be deeply worried with the situation in the Polish Catholic Church.\nThere is a major difference between those who saw the documentary and whose who did not see it. Those who did not see it are in a state of denial. Those who saw it are in a state of shock.\nLaw and Justice (PiS), the ruling party, tries to spin the debate to talk about paedophilia. The millions who have seen the documentary cannot be moved, for the problem is not the general paedophilia, but elsewhere.\nIt is quite telling that the initial reactions of the bishops (apologetic) are more proper that the reactions of the PiS politicians. Two of the leading PiS MEP candidates have had disqualifying statements in this context:\nFirst, Jacek Saryusz-Wolski, PiS candidate in Warsaw on public TV: \u201cIt is a baffled problem, specifically invented, to provoke [\u2026]. The European Coalition has nothing to say on European issues, and therefore deals with what it should not do\u201d.\nSecond, Ryszard Legutko, PiS candidate (no. 2) in Krak\u00f3w claims that Church\u2019s problem is homosexuality. Then, he says, \u201cMore than 80 percent of cases of abuse refer to boys from 12 to 17 years of age, well sorry about what is paedophilia? It is not paedophilia, it is simply pederasty\u201d.\nThe ruling party wants to change the penal code, too. The sentence for the crime of paedophilia will be 30 years, children will be protected until the age of 16, and Zbigniew Ziobro, the justice minister and a former MEP: \u201cThere will be no time limitation to punish someone for raping a child\u201d.\nThe problem is not in the law, the problem is with the application of the law. There is no image of the police arresting priests accused of paedophilia on TVs. There are images of the police arresting activists for", "to delight participants with surprises ranging from light and water to sound and motion. By requiring coordination between strangers and rewarding them with mutual discovery, Common Ground builds empathy and community in our shared public space.\nTo see past iterations of Common Ground, please visit www.cloud-arch.com", "What are the details surrounding the funeral services for James W. Floyd", "What activities are included in the diving course offered in Bali", "ey did make the final in 2011 however it was not their day and they were soundly beaten.\n2010 turned out to be a great year for pennant success with both our \u201cscratch\u201d and 1st handicap teams winning their respective pennants.\nIn 2012 our Handicap Section 3 had a great year to make the final where we ground out a 4/3 win.\nIn 2018, after many years of not fielding a stand-alone team, RGC was successful in Section Two of the DDGA Women\u2019s Pennant competition. The RGC women successfully defended that title in 2019 and in 2021.\nThe annual Dalhousie District Golf Association Pennant golf competition provides a wonderful opportunity for our members to challenge themselves against new players, in a \u201cscratch\u201d or handicap \u201cmatch-play\u201d competition, on the many different courses of the Dalhousie District Golf Association. It is also a wonderful opportunity to make new friendships and to renew old ones.\nRomsey Golf Club has won men\u2019s pennants in 1973, 1978, 1981, 1989, 1990, 1992, 1995, 1996 (2), 1997, 1999, 2002 and 2010 (2) & 2012.\nRomsey Golf Club has won women\u2019s pennants in 1978, 1995, 2018, 2019 & 202", "Romsey has a very proud history in Pennant Golf. The club has been in both The Inner Western and The Dalhousie Districts of the Victorian Golf Association and has achieved pennant success in each of these districts. In recent years the club has entered two or three teams, one or two handicap teams and one \u201cscratch\u201d (scores off the stick) team, each pennant season.\nOver the years many of our juniors have moved through the handicap pennant teams to take up a position in the \u201cscratch\u201d team. From an early age players such as Andrew Newell, Darren Freestone and golf professionals Chris Gaunt (OneAsia Tour) and Daniel Gaunt (European Tour) have earned and held a position in the \u201cscratch\u201d team. During the past few years talented juniors Daniel Wright, Shannon Wright, Brad Klaaysen and Dean vanDenHeuval have joined this elite group.\nIn 2007, 2009 and 2010 the \u201cscratch\u201d team played off in the final.\nThe 1st handicap team played off in the final in 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012.\nThe 2nd handicap team has had mixed success; in 2010, after a count-back of games won, this team just missed out on the final. Th", "December 1, 2017\nFinding the silver lining\nThe effervescent Judi Barrkman has one of those infectious personalities that could light up any room. So it\u2019s quite fitting that the woman with the bright and bubbly nature has designed a range kaftans with equally as vibrant qualities.\nKaftans are only a small part of Judi Barrkman\u2019s story, albeit a fitting symbol for the journey she\u2019s taken. She\u2019s travelled the world, worked in a range of different jobs, from cigarette girl to wedding co-ordinator. But it\u2019s the most recent bout of health issues that have impacted on Judi\u2019s life the most. She doesn\u2019t let it define her; today she\u2019s a beaming ray of positivity with an incredible story of discovery to tell.\nBorn in Brisbane, Judi grew up in a creative family with two sisters who were eight and 10 years her senior. Judi\u2019s parents separated when she was young and she grew up with her mother who ran a bed and breakfast in Clayfield. After school, she moved to Sydney and worked in advertising for a few years before heading overseas in her mid 20s where her two deepest loves were realised; travel and hospitality.\nI got a job at the Golders Green train station in London cooking for all the bus and train drivers. I got a real thing for cooking and I always wanted to open a caf\u00e9, that was kind of my dream,\u201d she says.\nBut it wasn\u2019t until Judi scored a job rubbing shoulders with the rich and famous as a cigarette girl at the renowned Quaglinos restaurant that she discovered the best job of her life.\n\u201cI literally walked about in a black velvet outfit with a tray selling cigars and cigarettes. It\u2019s a really posh, full on restaurant with lots of famous people, and it was a real novelty because the venue had been there since the \u201830s. I met Princess Diana, Sylvester Stallone, Annie Lennox, Gillian Anderson, Roger Moore.\u201d\nAfter a few years of exploring Europe and the UK, Judi returned to Australia where she pursued her dream of owning her own cafe. She worked in Darwin, Sydney and finally fulfilled her dream of owning a caf\u00e9 when she moved to Melbourne.\n\u201cThat\u2019s what I always wanted to do. That was the dream and it was amazing. I was at the caf\u00e9 in Melbourne for five years and had a blast, living the dream,\u201d she says.\nEventually Judi made her way back to Queensland when love saw her move to the Sunshine Coast, where she\u2019s been ever since.\nIn 2013, Judi went for a routine pap smear and her doctor decided to do a breast examination.\nMy father had just died from cancer a month or so beforehand in Sydney, so that had been very traumatic. My GP found a lump, so I had my mammogram and the results came back as highly suspicious of cancer.\u201d\nWith no history of breast cancer in her family, Judi anxiously undertook a biopsy and a fine needle aspiration. What followed was a very traumatic and suspenseful period for Judi and her family. The biopsy came back clear but her surgeon was still suspicious of the lump. They operated and found there was cancer all through Judi\u2019s left breast.\n\u201cLuckily it hadn\u2019t exploded out of the ducts yet \u2013 they got it really early. So the treatment was to have my breast removed.\u201d\nOn top of the breast cancer, Judi had suffered from a hereditary kidney disease her whole life.\n\u201cI was 21 when I picked that up. Mum decided that she didn\u2019t want us to know from a young age that we would possibly have this disease because she thought it would change things for us. She wanted us to just live free from it for as long as possible,\u201d she says.\nDue to impending kidney failure that doctors had suspected Judi would suffer from in her 60s, she made the decision to have both her breasts removed.\n\u201cSo the decision to have them both off was partly based on the kidney disease because they won\u2019", "What are the conditions under which a person can link to the home page of Our Site", "t time \u2014I certainly want to do it this year\u2014 a compensation commitment on which the clock starts ticking at 15 minutes.\u201d\nSoutheastern said: \u201cThe specification and letting of rail contracts is a matter for government. We are focused on working with Network Rail \u2013 who are responsible for infrastructure such as the track and signalling - to deliver an improved service for passengers.\n\u201cUnder our current contract with the Department for Transport, we will be investing more than \u00a370m in better services, including refurbishing trains and stations, more employees at our stations and better quality information.\n\u201cWe will now work closely with the Department for Transport and Transport for London as they develop these proposals further.\n\u201cThe Delay Repay scheme offering compensation to passengers delayed by 30 mins or more is approved by the Department for Transport and hardwired into our franchise agreement. Any changes to this scheme are a matter for the Department for Transport rather than individual operators and we will wait for further information from them.\n\u201cWe look at all compensation claims on a case by case basis and additional goodwill gestures are paid to passengers who are excessively delayed, held on trains for lengthy periods or who occur expenses that are within our responsibility.", "What are the indicators that suggest the potential rise or fall of the XRP/USD cryptocurrency according to the Ripple Forecast and XRP/USD Analysis from November 13, 2019", "What is Palumboism and who is it named after", "e than US$10 to all beginners learning to dive with us for FREE (part of the course price).\nOcean Diving in Lembongan\nWe can offer an exciting option to do your Ocean Diving in Lembongan instead of Amed with an additional supplement, but this will depend on your own individual circumstances, for example:\n- Whether you want to spend the weekend on Lembongan or have day-trips from Sanur\n- Whether you are with a group of certified divers\nPlease let us know if you are interested in this option and we will do what we can to accommodate you.\nDive & Save More after your course!\nTake a weekend trip to Nusa Lembongan and get 20% discount on diving!\nOnce you are a certified Open Water Diver, you\u2019ll be able to dive at even more of Bali\u2019s amazing dive sites including those around Nusa Lembongan \u2013 where the manta rays are spotted!\nTake a weekend on Nusa Lembongan:\n- 2 nights in private Villa Accommodation with savings of up to 50%\n- 2 days of diving (2 boat dives each day) with 20% discount at our dive center on Nusa Lembongan", "moved all-in for 870,000 under the gun with A\u26608\u2666 and Qiao Chi called on the button holding 4\u26664\u2665. The blinds released and the flop came out K\u2665J\u26665\u2665. The 6\u2660 did not nothing to improve Deng and she was officially out after the 2\u2665 fell on the river.\nDeng takes home $25,088 and Chi improves to 9,250,000", "e of the Early Bird price of $515 per person, which includes a discounted Green e-Membership to the ASA.\nFind out the benefits of ASA membership.\nOptional extras include the Conference Dinner, Investment Disruptors full day seminar on Wednesday 18 May and the following Site Tours:\n- Lend Lease site tour \u2013 tour Barangaroo site \u2013 18 May\n- Stockland site tour \u2013 18 May\n- Virtus Health site tour \u2013 18 May\n- Woolworths site tour \u2013 19 May\nThere are a strictly limited number of places available for these Site Tours which will be allocated on a first come first served basis, and are only available to conference delegates and their partners.\nFull details and more information about the conference are available on the ASA website.\nWe look forward to seeing you there!", "[wingide-users] wingide 4.0.4-1 (rev 25075) and Gnome 3 /Fedora 15\nsupport at wingware.com\nWed Sep 21 07:34:21 MDT 2011\nOn 9/20/11 3:41 PM, Noe Nieto wrote:\n> Today I downloaded the rpm of the new release of wing-ide. Looks\n> pretty solid. but I only have a very small issue: WingIde is no longer\n> present in gnome3's list of apps. Seems like the .desktop ini file is\n> not there or is corrupted but haven't look at it.\n> I don't know if there are any", "What types of services does the professional offer for individuals dealing with special needs or complex medical diagnoses", "How did the author's perception of Grime change after moving to the city", "What is the current trading price of XRP/USD and what are the expectations for its price movement according to the text", "Daniel Hyde biography\nDaniel Hyde is Informator Choristarum, Organist and Tutorial Fellow in Music at Magdalen College, Oxford. He is also a University Lecturer in the Faculty of Music. A former chorister and organ scholar of Durham Cathedral, Daniel was Assistant Organist at Perth Cathedral, Western Australia, before taking up the organ scholarship to King\u2019s College, Cambridge. Upon graduation from King\u2019s with First Class Honours in Music, Daniel was appointed as Director of Music at Jesus College, Cambridge. During his time there he was responsible for overseeing the development of the College\u2019s two choirs, and was responsible for the design and installation of a new organ in the chapel.\nAs an organist he won second prize and the audience prize in the RCO Performer of the Year Competition 2002, and since then he has performed across four continents. Recent recital engagements have taken him to the USA, Germany and Holland; he has performed throughout Australia, including the Sydney Opera House and Adelaide Town Hall. Closer to home he has recently played in the St Davids and Easter at King\u2019s Festivals; St Paul\u2019s, Gloucester, Christ Church and Durham Cathedrals; Windsor Castle, Birmingham Town Hall and the Wigmore Hall. He has been a concerto soloist with the BBC Philharmonic and the Britten Sinfonia, with whom he has performed the Poulenc Concerto a number of times, and has recorded the Hindemith Concerto to great critical acclaim. A disc of Christmas Organ Music from King\u2019s was released in 2008. A regular accompanist to the BBC Singers on Radio Three, he has appeared at the BBC Proms on numerous occasions, and made his solo debut there in the 2010 season, performing Bach\u2019s Cano", "Thanks for your interest in AnyMeeting Windows Phone!\nI\u2019m currently working on a detailed video to get you the latest information on this\u2026\nBut in the meantime\u2026\nCheckout the best ClickFunnels offers, benefits, and features below.\nIn this day and age, the way your service runs online can make or damage you.\nHow do most services currently have a presence online?\nThe reality of the matter is, however, that web sites have considerably evolved over the past decade \u2013 and also the methods of old are not functional for modern organisation.\nBack then, it would suffice to have an easy web site with a home page, services, prices, concerning us, as well as contact pages.\nA possible consumer would certainly go to your website, scroll about, see the different web pages and consume web content as they please.\nNonetheless, if you are a service spending any type of cash on advertising, you wish to manage what clients are learning about on your site, present offers at the right time, as well as make the most of the earnings you make from each individual.\nHow does one achieve this?\nUtilizing sales funnels.\nGo into ClickFunnels\nClickFunnels is the most convenient method to make high transforming sales and advertising and marketing funnels.\nIt is an one-of-a-kind tool produced particularly to turn potential customers right into purchasers.\nIt truly is an all-in-one option to develop sales funnels as well as consists of landing pages, e-mail combination, billing, webinars, subscription sites, and so far more. No wonder it has swiftly end up being a favorite device for marketers.\nBelow is my comprehensive ClickFunnels Evaluation, including preferred attributes, prices, pros/cons, and comparisons versus competitors.\nAnyMeeting Windows Phone: But First, Exactly What Is a Sales Funnel?\nSales funnels (likewise called advertising funnels) are multi-step projects that are made to move prospective prospects through your sales process, and also turn them into buyers.\nPhoto a real-life channel. At the top, you pour fluid in, which narrows down to one fixed destination.\nIn sales, a similar occasion takes place. On top, site visitors arrive at your site, but not all that get in make it out of the other end as buyers.\nNumerous points need to happen from the moment a visitor enters your channel, to the time they do something about it and efficiently finish an acquisition.\nBy damaging down the consumer\u2019s journey into smaller steps, you can be more precise about how and when you provide an offer to your target market.\nThe thorough steps in a channel could look something like this:\n- Unqualified lead gets to touchdown page\n- Web page connects the very first offer (something free to collect an e-mail).\n- Once email is gathered, main offer is pitched.\n- Lead ends up being a paying client.\n- More e-mail communication supplying customer worth.\n- Further connection building\n- Persisting sales.\nClickFunnels additionally has a visuals that describes this in a simple method:.\nJust what is ClickFunnels?\nAs stated earlier, ClickFunnels is the very best sales channel software around today.\nThe firm makes the vibrant case of offering you whatever you should market, sell, as well as supply your items online \u2013 and also they absolutely supply.\nA typical channel will certainly use an opt-in page (to accumulate email addresses), an email auto responder (to send emails to your clients), plus an added sales page with some web content and also an order type, possibly followed by added material, a membership website, and so on\n. Previously, you would certainly need to use various systems and also tools to accomplish every one of these jobs such as:\n- Produce a web site\n- Discover Hosting\n- Find an autoresponder service\n- Locate membership website software application\n- Find split-testing software \u2026 and so on\nHowever ClickFunnels looks after everything with their system. You not just conserve a lots of money by not needing to purchase different products/services, but you likewise prevent the technical mess of needing to set every little thing up, and also could concentrate on what\u2019s truly vital \u2013 growing your organisation.\nClickFunnels supplies a Cost-free 14-Day Test, so you get to explore the device as well as truly see if it\u2019s appropriate for your service.\n* Quickly Create Pages Using Templates as well as Components *.\nBefore obtaining as well much, it\u2019s important to comprehend that a funnel is a collection of pages created in a calculated order, with the objective of transforming as lots of prospects right into consumers. As well as a web page is merely a collection of numerous components created to obtain a person to take a particular activity.\nClickFunnels provides even more compared to 50 various components to assist you build the perfect web page. The editor is incredibly easy to make use of and all you have to do is drag as well as go down different components on to the web page, as well as upgrade the message and look to fit your demands \u2013 no coding abilities required!\nClickFunnels also makes your life simpler by providing you with a ton of cost-free layouts.\nIn fact, ClickFunnels provides over 37 kinds of pages for you to mix as well as match with. These are broken down right into the following 10 groups:\n- Presell Pages: Survey Web Page, Post Web Page, Presell Web Page, Clickpop Page\n- Optin Pages: Press Web Page, Reverse Squeeze Page, Lead Magnet, Promo Code\n- Thanks Pages: Thank You Page, Deal Wall, Bridge Web Page, Share Page\n- Sales Pages: Video Sales Web Page, Sales Letter Web Page, Item Introduce Web Page\n- OTO Pages: Upsell Page, Downsell Web Page\n- Order Forms: 2 Action Order Page, Typical Order Page, Video Sales Letter Order Web Page, Sales Letter Order Web Page, Item Release Order Page\n- Webinar Pages: Webinar Registration Page, Webinar Verification Web Page, Webinar Program Room, Webinar Replay Area\n- Membership Pages: Gain Access To Page, Participant\u2019s Location\n- Associate Pages: Gain Access To Page, Affiliate Location\n- Various Other Pages: Application Page, Ask Page, Shop Front, Web Page, Hero Web Page, Hangout Web Page, Live Demonstration Web Page\nThe pre-built templates are fully customizable, and also are what most customers use.\nYou have the ability to select a design template, modify or change the aspects with your very own, and your new web page prepares to go.\nYou can likewise connect any type of channel you develop with your personal e-mail marketing service (if you don\u2019t use the one consisted of in ClickFunnels), as well as use the ClickFunnels integrated in invoicing system.\nThis is additionally a great time to point out that ClickFunnels supplies extremely beneficial and understandable training videos when you initially register. I highly recommend experiencing those due to the fact that they rapidly allow you to make use of the device at its complete capability, and also you\u2019ll have a lot more enjoyable messing around. AnyMeeting Windows Phone\n* Create One-Click Subscription Sites *.\nOne of the very best features with ClickFunnels is the ability to easily develop subscription websites and deliver content to your target market in one location.\nYour membership website will certainly come complete with registration pages, membership access pages, and also web content web pages which you could conveniently secure or drip feed to your consumers inning accordance with purchases they made in your channel.\nClickFunnels membership sites enable you to send out emails, quickly manage your emails, as well as develop an area all while eliminating the stress and anxiety that\u2019s associated with various other options such as Kajabi, or WordPress systems.\nIt\u2019s truly handy to not have to purchase a different software or plugin to produce subscription websites.\n* Email Assimilation & Actionetics *.\nWith every funnel comes e-mail list", "What place did Xiu-Xian Deng finish in after her elimination in Event 107", "Picture printing businesses are busier than ever. Electronic devices from mobile phones to personal MP3 players have the capability to take photographs. People love capturing candid moments with these devices. Even digital cameras the size of credit cards can take high-quality photographs. Capturing a memory is something people desire, and sharing that memory with others is part of that experience. A photo printing business can focus solely on digital printing or can be broader and include traditional photo processing. However, creating a niche business can keep you competitive and also keep costs down at the start.\nPut together a business plan. Research and develop your idea through the process of creating a detailed business plan. Acquire all of the necessary documents such as lease forms and other agreements. Research the competition and the overall market. Compile all of this information into your business plan.\nHire a lawyer to assist you in starting a legal business. There are many decisions to make, such as what form of business you will start, from a sole proprietorship all the way to a corporation.\nHire an accountant. File all of the necessary applications on the local, state, and federal level to make sure that your business is set up to comply with all tax laws. Set up an accounting system for your business, and work with your accountant regularly.\nDecide what type of services you would like to offer. Most people are using digital photography. Artists and other high-end photographers use traditional film. However, when you are starting up, it may be a good idea to limit yourse", "James W. Floyd\nNatchitoches, LA Funeral services for James W. Floyd will be held Monday, May 12, 2014 at 10 a.m. at Rose-Neath Funeral Home Chapel in Minden, Louisiana. Officiating will be Rev. Bill Crider. Interment will follow at Gardens of Memory in Minden, Louisiana. The family will receive friends from 8:30 a.m. Monday until service time.\nJames was born October 9, 1924 in Earl, Arkansas, and passed away May 8, 2014 in Natchitoches, Louisiana. James was a veteran of the United States Navy during WWII.\nHis wife Vernal Lee Floyd and son David Allen Floyd preceded him in death.\nHe is survived by his sons Donald \"Blackie\" Floyd and w", "How is grime music described in terms of its musical influences", "What are the main features of ClickFunnels and how do they compare to other marketing tools like Leadpages and Infusionsoft", "Eyes on Crime\nEyes on Crime allows you to record, report and reduce crime. Login with your email address and either begin recording straight away or close the app and as soon as you see something which needs reporting, open it from standby and it will begin recording automatically.\nEyes on Crime provides you with regularly updated news and information about missing children directly through the application.\nEyes on Crime will keep your community safer, keep you informed with crime news and help locate missing children faster.\nEyes on Crime lets you record c", "What unique features does ClickFunnels offer to help businesses manage their online presence and sales process", "Below are groups and resources (books, articles, websites, etc.) related to this topic. Click on an item\u2019s title to go its resource page with author, publisher, description/abstract and other details, a link to the full text if available, as well as links to related topics in the Subject Index. You can also browse the Title, Author, Subject, Chronological, Dewey, LoC, and Format indexes, or use the Search box.\nAngels of the Workplace: Women and the Construction of Gender Relations in the Canadian Clothing Industry, 1890-1940\nExamines how the intricate weaving together of the meanings of class, gender, ethnicity, family, and the workplace created a job ghetto for women. Detailing the disparities between men and women in te...\nClass, Gender, and Region: Essays in Canadian Historical Sociology\nKealey, Gregory S.\nThis is reprinted from The Canadian Journal of Sociology. It is a collection of new work by historians and sociologists from across Canada.\nCombatting Racism in the Workplace: A Course for Workers\nThomas, Barb; Novogrodsky, Charles\nWith the ultimate aim of combatting racism within the labour movement, the Cross Cultural Communication Centre, under the auspices of the Humber Collage for Labour Studies, ran a ten-week, 30 hour pil...\nConnexions: Volume 4, Number 3 - May 1979 - Immigration\nSerial Publication (Periodical)\nConnexions Library: Race, Racism, Ethnicity, Multiculturalism Focus\nSelected articles, books, websites and other resources on race, racism, ethnicity, multiculturalism, identity.\nDavid Roediger's Working Toward Whiteness: Against The Current vol. 125\nPoitevin, Ren\u00e9 Francisco\nA disturbing aftermath of the pro-immigrant demonstrations recently held in dozens of cities across the United States, besides the obvious anti-immigrant backlash, has been the increase in Black/Brown...\nEthnicity and Politics in South Africa\nGatekeepers: Reshaping Immigrant Lives in Cold War Canada\nThe History of Costa Rica\nMolina, Ivan; Palmer, Steven\nAn overview of Costa Rican history with an emphasis on how Costa Ricans have been able to make their own history, \"though they do not make", "What are some of the topics covered in the groups and resources related to Canadian workplace issues presented in the text", "What are some types of composite photography mentioned in the text", "in prepared and impromptu debates making then Country Champions in their year group. In the evening, the Country Champions debated the Metropolitan schools for the State Championships. After a gruelling day, St Mary's Year 10 defeated St Mary's Cathedral School and took out the State Championships in their year group. We are very proud of our girls!", "What should you do if multiple users at a single site need online access to an account"]}