{"q_indices": [124, 4, 70, 39, 64, 102, 46, 67, 72, 74, 85, 121, 108, 27, 82, 18, 98, 115, 111, 28, 73, 15, 66, 106, 19, 104, 3, 50, 29, 91, 84, 48, 65, 49, 37, 86, 2, 69, 99, 75, 40, 88, 125, 12, 114, 36, 63, 79, 119, 116, 78, 43, 0, 105, 9, 38, 55, 97, 71, 17, 81, 6, 62, 113], "a_indices": [90, 110, 80, 117, 96, 56, 16, 22, 44, 11, 83, 7, 13, 76, 41, 77, 107, 103, 10, 57, 123, 45, 34, 1, 32, 60, 59, 101, 33, 112, 42, 89, 92, 87, 61, 23, 5, 51, 109, 30, 52, 68, 54, 21, 95, 31, 47, 122, 26, 20, 14, 24, 53, 94, 127, 8, 35, 118, 120, 126, 25, 100, 93, 58], "texts": ["Who is the first graduate of the MSLS/JD Dual Degree Program at UNC School of Law", "ools.\u201d\nThe board strongly believes Dr. Vanden Wyngaard\nmeets those standards, Egan said.\nA decision from State Ed regarding Dr. Vanden\nWyngaard\u2019s certification could take 3-6 weeks. Current Superintendent\nRaymond Colucciello, Ed.D., is under contract with the district through\nIn Paterson, Dr. Vanden Wyngaard is responsible for\nday-to-day operations of all facets of the school district, which has an\nannual budget of approximately $560 million. In Albany, she would lead a\ndistrict with 8,600 students and a 2012-13 budget of $207.7 million.\nDr. Vanden Wyngaard would be the second\nAfrican-American woman to lead the district; Eleanor Powell Bartlett\nserved as interim superintendent during the 1996-97 school year.\nThe board selected Dr. Vanden Wyngaard from an\noriginal candidate pool of 27 candidates after a national search in\nMarch and April. The board narrowed the field to 10 candidates for\ninitial interviews in May, and then to six semifinalists for meetings\nwith three teams of community members in June.\nFollowing the input of the community groups, the\nboard selected Dr. Vanden Wyngaard as one of three finalists. The board\nconducted final interviews with those candidates July 12-14.\nThe mission of the City School District of\nAlbany is to educate and nurture all students to be\nresponsible citizens, critical thinkers and lifelong learners to\nsuccessfully compete in the global community by providing an\nacademically rigorous and safe environment in partnership with parents,\nstudents and the community. The district serves about 8,600\nstudents in 15\nelementary, middle and high schools. In addition to neighborhood\nschools, the district includes several magnet schools and programs, as\nwell as other innovative academic opportunities for students,\nincluding four themed academies at Albany High", "What is advised for bloggers to do beyond just publishing an article to ensure successful blog posting", "What topic is the Grayslake village board considering regulations for, and how does this relate to recent incidents involving a local massage business", "What is the purpose of the sharing circle event on January 29th", "The truth is, no matter how good your copywriting skills are, you can\u2019t just simply write an article, publish it and then sit back and relax. There is a whole lot more to successful blog posting, and most people are missing out.\nNever fear! You don\u2019t have to be one of those people. We\u2019ve got a great, easy to follow checklist full of valuable and easily actionable tips for you right here \u2013 meaning you can boost your blog posts to the max. Check them out and check them off for every post you publish.\nUse great free Google tools like Adwords and Trends to help you select the best keywords for your content. Choose words and phrases that are relevant, popular and have the less competition. Take your chosen keywords and go back through and enhance your copy. Make sure to include your primary keywords in your title and at the beginning of your post for utmost effect.\nPost Cross Platform\nMake sure all your fans and followers are aware of your fantastic new posts no matter what social media platform they\u2019re on. Tailor each status update individually for each community and schedule different times for successful results without being repetitive.\nHave you got an email newsletter for subscribers? You should include all your blog posts. Use some snappy headlines to link to the full articles on your site and add some funky images to grab the most attention.\nTease your Targets\nNetworki", "What items does the author express a preference for regarding vintage fashion", "the firm here to lock in to receive tax preparation services and account opening paperwork for an investment account.\nEddy Company, LLC is a Registered Investment Advisor and Accounting Firm. Securities offered through Interactive Brokers, member FINRA/SIPC/NYSE", "e at DSW Shoes for a discounted $189.95, But if that is still beyond your budget, check out this amazing substitute I found at 6pm:\nLumiani Annora $69.00 on sale for $20.70 (available in black, natural and white)\nTres chic, no", "What is the price of the Riva sandal from Mark + James by Badgley Mischka", "Employers want to know what\u2019s in it for them, and employees want to know how it can help ease stress and pain. We\u2019ve put together this handy list to help demystify workplace massage.\nBenefits of Chair Massage: Why Do It?\nChair massage is often used in high stress locations like airports, trade shows and conventions, but it is also used a lot in corporate settings as well. Companies utilize corporate chair massage services for their health fairs, employee appreciation days, and corporate events w", "arning new concepts like MVC and other design patterns and applying them on the fly.\nThe most important aspects by far were the small teams and the fast pace, both of which are perfect training for doing anything fun when you get out- like starting software companies. Technologies and methodologies change, understanding design and how to work with people under intense deadlines is always useful.", "What did the leaders of the weight watchers aim to achieve for romantic slimmers on February 14", "Industry Veteran Shpock Becomes Vitec President\nSTEPHEN W. SHPOCK, a twenty-four-year microwave industry veteran has joined The Vitec Group RF Systems (VGRFS) as president and managing director. VGRFS is a business unit of the Broadcast Systems Division of The Vitec Group, plc., comprised of Microwave Services Corp. (MSC), Nucomm, and RF Central. Shpock will oversee all three of these U.S.-based companies and be responsible for their operations worldwide. Prior to his current role, Shpock was CEO of Thales Components Corp., where he was responsible for all North American component activities for the multinational Thales Group. Shpock has a BEE from Stevens Institute of Technology, an MEE and a DEE from the University of Utah, and an MBA from the University of Rochester. He is based at Nucomm headquarters in Hackettstown, NJ.\nInstitut fr Hoechstfrequenztechnik und Elektronik at the University of Karlsruhe, GermanyWERNER WIESBECK, director of the institute, received the 2008 IEEE Electromagnetics Award, which recognizes Wiesbeck for innovative electromagnetic applications in communication systems, remote sensing, and EM compatibility.\nQualcomm Inc.STEPHEN M. BENNETT elected to Qualcomm's board of directors. He is president and CEO of GE Capital e-Business, and serves on the board of directors of Intuit, Inc. and Sun Microsystems, Inc.\nBliley Techno", "LONDON: British investors have called upon investment banks to stick closer to lock-up agreements\non sales of company shares after a major transaction, saying it would ensure more stable markets.\nLLC is releasing a lock-up restriction with respect to certain shares of ServiceNow's common stock held by a director of ServiceNow to be sold in the proposed offering and, in addition, is granting a waiver to a specific provision found in all of the IPO lock-up agreements\nthat were entered into by ServiceNow and ServiceNow's security holders.\nSecurities law permits takeover bidders to enter into prebid lock-up agreements\nwith major target shareholders.\none of the world leaders in satellite-based digital radio services, today announced that it has entered into new lock-up agreements\nextending through December 31, 2006 covering all shares held by Noah Samara and the other members of the Company's senior management and certain shares held by its directors and certain of its significant stockholders.\nLLC, on behalf of itself and the other underwriters for ServiceNow's previously completed initial public offering of shares of common stock, is releasing a lock-up restriction with respect to certain shares of ServiceNow's common stock held by a director of ServiceNow to be sold in the proposed offering and, in addition, is granting a waiver to a specific provision found in all of the IPO lock-up agreements\nthat were entered into by ServiceNow and ServiceNow's securityholders.\nHolding and Agora or in the l", "When did Ranch Inc. begin operations", "Scientists have found a gene that regulates lifespan in mammals which could one day lead to treatments to hold off ageing and its related illnesses such as Alzheimer's, cancer and heart disease.\nExperiments in male mice showed that those without a gene called IRS-1 lived 20% longer and had much healthier lives. Female mice without the gene had even better longevity, living 30% longer on average. In addition to longer lives, the mice without IRS-1 were much healthier than normal mice as they aged - they had brighter eyes, better immune function and healthier skin and bones.\nDominic Withers, of the Centre for Research on Ageing at University College London, who led the study, said: \"These results suggest that IRS-1 is a pathway conserved by evolution that regulates the lifespan of mammals, and it may point to methods of potentially delaying ageing in humans.\"\nIRS-1 is involved in regulating the function of insulin, a hormone that controls the amount of sugar in the blood. Prof Withers' results, published online in the Faseb journal, add to a growing body of scientific work which points to a link between the genes that regulate insulin and how an animal ages. Similar genes in fruit flies and worms have already been linked to extended lifespan.\nDavid Gems, another of the study's authors, said the work on IRS-1 in mice was the first to show that mammals could stay hea", "What methods are recommended for cleaning titanium jewelry with gemstones based on the provided text", "What changes are anticipated for the Mavs due to their poor road performance this season", "What were the reasons cited by CLSA analyst Mike Mayo for Bank of America's underperformance in stock valuation", "he lease, such as mile restrictions, above normal wear and tear/end of lease condition of the vehicle, and possibly more restrictions on when and where the equipment may be serviced. Traditionally, at the end of a lease term the equipment is either returned and account settled or offered as an off-lease purchase to the lessee.\nWhich is Better?\nThat depends on your situation. If you\u2019re able to make a larger deposit up front to reduce monthly bills, taking an ownership stake of the equipment through a loan might be a better method. Often big rig financing companies provide different options for early payoff and flexible payment arrangements\u2014it never hurts to ask. Leases, on the other hand, can be attractive for new owner-operators who don\u2019t have a lot of capital to invest in their first truck and trailer, therefore foregoing the equity in exchange for a lower deposit and lower monthly bill is appropriate.\nAt the end of the day, finding a truck financing company who understands your needs and can answer your questions thoughtfully will provide the most value and place you in an appropriate financing solution, putting you on the road to success", "ight watchers leader, came up with the idea so romantic slimmers\ncould still enjoy a touch of old fashioned romance on February 14.\nSeventeen other slimmers\nalso won the regional awards, having achieved a combined weight loss of 157st 7lb.\nin Teesside are needed to sign up for The Children's Society Slim Into Summer.\nFeeling the excess baggage from our super slimmers\n- Gillian Cameron, holiday after the summer holidays?\nWell, we say if the 60 Minute Makeover team can do it for a whole house, we can surely make a makeover work for our slimmers\nWhile 44% of slimmers\nsay they previously saw fast weight loss as a priority when choosing a diet, only 7% still feel that way in 2014, according to the survey by Slimming World.\nShe was one of eight slimmers\nwho lost a total of 67 stone between them to be revealed as winners of the Rosemary Conley Diet & Fitness Magazine slimmers\nof the year.\nThe local Slimming World consultant, who runs weekly groups at Trinity Church, Gosforth, every Wednesday, met Vernon at a glitzy event to celebrate the most successful slimmer", "lthy as they lived longer. \"In these animals we see delay in the onset of age-related illnesses such as osteoporosis, diabetes and immune dysfunction. Obviously, it's much harder to study these mechanisms in humans because our life expectancy is so much longer, but this study and our other work on ageing are laying crucial scientific groundwork.\"\nProf Withers is not yet certain why removing IRS-1 led to a longer life in mice. \"Probably the reason why it works is that if you give the animal a little bit of stress, that's good - you switch on the pathways that protect from stress, cellular stress and damage.\"\nHe likened the effect to endurance training in athletes. \"Running several miles day in, day out is probably quite stressful. But it then means that, over time, you can run lots of miles and it hurts you less.\"\nIf scientists find a way to manipulate the IRS-1 gene in humans, the results could provide great medical benefits. \"Ageing is a major risk-factor for all diseases, heart disease, cancer, Alzheimer's,\" said Prof Withers. \"Intervening in the ageing process may capture and ameliorate a wide range of diseases.\"\nBut he said the research would take another 10years of work in mouse models before the lessons could be transferred to humans. There were still some disadvantages to manipulating IRS-1 - the modified mice were 50% smaller than normal mice, for example", "ady lit.\nOnce all four chandeliers are lit, go to the first bookcase. There is a something small and yellow that is next to the suit of armor that you put the ladder in front of. Click on it. It is a small, yellow eye. The Glass Eye will go to your items.\nClimb up the ladder and jump onto the top of the bookcase. If you look at the stuffed tiger\u2019s head, you will see that one of its eyes is missing. Go to your items, find the Glass Eye, and use it. You will put the Glass Eye in the tiger\u2019s eye socket, and the tiger\u2019s mouth will open. There is a key inside the tiger\u2019s mouth. Click on it. The Armory Key will go to your items.\nJump down off of the bookcase, and go to the left, until you see a locked door. Go to your items, find the Armory Key, and use it. You will unlock the door and enter the Armory.\nYou will see two weapons hanging on the wall to your left. A mace and a crossbow. Click on the crossbow. The Crossbow will go to your items. Go to your left until you see a cannon. There are three cannonballs below the cannon. Click on one of the cannonballs. You will put it inside the cannon.\nExit the Armory and go back to the Great Hall.\nGo to the fireplace, get a candle, light it, and run back to the Armory. Light the cannon using the candle. The cannon will fire, and then it will flip, facing the right now instead of the left. Repeat that process two times.\nWhen you fire the cannon when it is facing to the right, the cannon will roll back into the Great Hall. Don\u2019t worry you\u2019ll use that cannon later. When you fire the cannon when it is facing upwards, will break part of the roof, revealing a new area. Jump up into the new area.\nThere will be a wooden bucket to your right. Click on it. The Bucket will be added to your items.\nExit the Armory and go back to the Great Hall.\nGo all the way to the right. You will see a red door that\u2019s made up of two doors, so I guess it\u2019s called a double-door. There are two chains stretching across the double-door, blocking the way out. Go to your items, find the Crowbar, and use it. You will use the crowbar to break the chains. The doors will open slightly, making a way out of the Great Hall. Exit through the doors.\nUse the bucket. You\u2019ll fill the bucket up with water. Go back to the Armory.\nJump up onto the top of the cannon and go into the area that you blasted open with the cannon. Use your Crossbow to make a \u201cstaircase\u201d of arrows that you can jump up on to reach another little part of the area.\nYou\u2019ll see a little plant that has fallen out of its pot. There are some boards blocking a window above the plant. Use your Crowbar to pry off the boards. Use your Bucket to water the plant. The plant will turn into a huge vine. The vine will go out the window. Go out the window.\nGo up the stairs to your left, and then jump up the vine to reach a window. Go in the window.\nGo to the right. You\u2019ll see a bunch of papers on a desk. Click on the papers. You\u2019ll get Count Bram\u2019s Notebook. Examine it.\nIt will say that Count Bram needs three ingredients: garlic extract, wilted wolfsbane, and mandrake root. He needs those ingredients to rid him of the vampire\u2019s curse so that his immortality will go away so that he can be with his wife, who\u2019s dead. (So complicated.)\nThere\u2019s a shelf thing on the column that a door is on. There\u2019s a jar of garlic on the top shelf. Get the jar. Go out through the door.\nGo right and go through a door.\nJump up on furniture and stuff to get to a cage that is hanging from the ceiling. There\u2019s a girl in the cage (Katya). Talk to Katya. She\u2019ll tell you that you need to get rid of Count Bram\u2019s curse, and that there\u2019s a book in the library called \u201cRoot Causes\u201d that might help you. Katya will also tell you that Count Bram has captured her because she reminds him of someone.\nExit the room and go back to the Great Hall.\nMake sure that the ladder is in front of the bookcase on the right of the fireplace. You\u2019ll see the book that you need on the top shelf. Climb up the ladder and jump off of it to get the book. Examine the book. It will tell you that mandrake root usually grows in high, shadowy places. Exit the Great Hall.\nGo to the left and out through the arch. Go to the right. Make a ladder of arrows on the wall. Climb up the ladder. There\u2019s a little platform to the left of the top of the wall. Jump onto the platform. You\u2019ll get the Mandrake Root.\nGo back to the Great Hall.\nFind the cannonball that rolled into the Great Hall. Push it over to the fireplace. The cannonball will heat up. Get the fire poker from the fireplace. Use it to push the cannonball a little bit past the column that to the left of the bookcase to the left of the fireplace. Pull the red lever. A little tray sort of thing will come down, and the cannonball will roll into it.\nExit the Great Hall and go back to the room where you found Count Bram\u2019s notebook.\nGo to the right until you see a red lever like the one you found in the Great Hall. Click on it. The cannonball will come up and roll under a thing of wolfsbane. The cannonball will heat it up. Click on the wolfsbane.\nGo over to the desk and click on the microscope.\nUse this amount of each ingredient:\n- Garlic Extract- 3\n- Wilted Wolfsbane- 3\n- Mandrake Root- 1\nClick on the cells. The Anti-vampirism Serum will go to your items.\nGo back to the room where you found Katya.\nGo all the way to the right. You\u2019ll see a door with bars over it. There\u2019s a shiny cane sort of thing in the umbrella stand next to the door. Click on the cane. Use the cane to get a key out from the doorway. The Cage Key will go to your items.\nJump up onto Katya\u2019s cage and use the Cage Key. Katya will be released from the cage. She will thank you. You\u2019ll suddenly see the shadow of a bat flying across the room. You and Katya will get scared.\nSuddenly the Count will appear in the doorway. You and Katya will jump up, break a window, and go through the window.\nFollow Katya. After a little bit, the Count will jump through the window that you and Katya went through.\nKatya will tell you to keep up with her and to use the Garlic to keep the Count away.\nGo to your items, find the Garlic, and use it. After that, follow Katya.\nYou\u2019ll climb up a ladder. The ladder will fall after you get off of it, leaving the Count without anyway of getting up. Or so you think.\nThe Count will turn into a bat and fly up to where you are. Katya will tell you to use the serum.\nAim at the Count and shoot the serum at him. He will fall, taking you with him.\nYou will find yourself in the Great Hall with the Count and Katya.\nThe Count will turn from a vampire into an old man. He will ask Katya to forgive him, and he will thank you. He will then disappear.\nSuddenly, Katya\u2019s boyfriend will run into the room. He\u2019ll end up being the big hero to Katya. Some thanks.\nYou\u2019ll get the island medallion and some credits to spend at the Poptropica Store.\nCongratulations! You have now completed Vampire\u2019s Curse Island", "ock-up agreements\nconcluded by Agora Holding and\nTORONTO -- O&Y REIT Institutional Unitholders Enter into Lock-Up Agreements\nin Support of Transaction\nNabors has entered into permitted lock-up agreements\n(as contemplated by the Command rights plan) with shareholders and optionholders of Command who own or control an aggregate of 7,016,550 common shares of Command and options to acquire an aggregate of 526,250 common shares of Command, pursuant to which such shareholders and optionholders have agreed (subject to the terms and conditions of the lock-up agreements\n) to deposit their common shares of Command (including common shares of Command acquired upon exercise of such options) pursuant to the offer intended to be made by, or on behalf of, Nabors.\nCertain of Fastclick's management and significant stockholders entered into lock-up agreements\nwith the lead underwriters in Fastclick's initial public offering that may place restrictions on their ability to tender their shares in the exchange offer.\nI believe lock-up agreements\nshould be used widely throughout the industry by people in my position.\nOTCBB:PSDS) announced today that 19 shareholders have executed one-year lock-up agreements\nwith the Company insuring the Company, as well as the investing public that existing shareholders have continued faith in the future of the Company.\n5% of its issued and outstanding common stock, have entered into lock-up agreements\nunder which they agree to vote their shares in favor of the Plan of Arrangement.", "Yesterday, I explored a chic look inspired by the 50's, and today I am still very much stuck in a vintage haze. I stumbled upon the gorgeous white dress below while searching through Etsy. It led me to Allen Company Inc. which is a vintage boutique based out of Allentown, PA. Along with their Etsy store, they also have a lovely blog found here. They offer a wide s", "When purchasing a new truck or trailer, you\u2019re often faced with the question of whether to lease or purchase the truck or trailer. Depending on your intended use, long-term goals, financing incentives, and tax situation, one method may be more favorable than the other.\nWhat\u2019s the Difference?\nIn short, a loan is borrowing money to purchase equipment, a lease is a long-term rental agreement with fixed term pricing.\nDiving in a little deeper, a loan provides immediate stake in ownership of the asset, in this case, commercial equipment, and the asset is generally assumed as collateral for the loan, and the interest on the loan is based on Prime plus any risk-based calculated percentage based on borrower credit. At the end of the term you own the asset, or if selling before the term is up, the balance and possibly an early-pay penalty (depending on loan structure) is due before the title is released.\nWith a lease, one typically will have a deposit and fixed lease payment and duration, and generally these payments are lower than a loan payment, making them more attractive in low cash-flow situations. Some of the risks are the terms accompanying t", "Which individuals were appointed or promoted and what were their previous positions in the companies mentioned in the text", "What are some of the benefits of chair massage for employees", "What caused the quarrel between Henry Agabu Vunga and his wife Tikhala Benson", "Crepe takes wash-and-wear to the next level. This ultra-comfortable, no-wrinkle fabric has a little more give and texture, so it does wonders to hide those trouble spots. There's much to love about the forgiving fit of this miracle worker that smooths and flatters all shapes and sizes", "with the help of fan-made English subtitles, both couples landed a top spot on our 2011 Cutest Couples poll. There was never subtext between Cristina and Isabel or Jenny and Emma; both shows featured full-on, beautifully-acted, main text \u2014 some of it so delicious that Americans didn\u2019t even need English translations.\nTHE REAL SIDE\nIn recent years, we have seen a growing trend of out and proud gay ladies moving to the top of their entertainment-related fields. With Oprah finishing up her talk show in 2011, Ellen DeGeneres has become the uncontested queen of daytime. With the departure of Keith Olberman from MSNBC, Rachel Maddow has become the go-to voice for liberal politics. Suze Orman continues to rule the world of money advice; Cat Cora continues to dominate the realm of cooking advice; and Sara Gilbert continues to be a voice of queer reason on The Talk. Plus, Rosie O\u2019Donnell returned to television late this year on Oprah\u2019s OWN.\n2011 also saw the second season of Ilene Chaiken\u2018s reality series The Real L Word. The show followed Whitney, Romi, Claire, Francine, Cori, Kacy and Sajdah through the highs and lows endless shenanigans of living, laughing, fighting and f\u2013king in West Hollywood.\nTHE FUTURE SIDE\n2012 is shaping up to be an interesting year for lesbian and bisexual visibility on TV. The losses of 2011 will certainly be felt in the coming year, but the silver lining is that most of the queer characters we lost were recurring or supporting ones. Already we\u2019re excited that Life photographer Joyce Ramsay could be back on our TVs next year when Mad Men returns to AMC. Maya St. Germain promises to be a fixture in the winter season of Pretty Little Liars. Portia de Rossi\u2018s Lindsey Bluth-Funke will return when Arrested Development kicks off again. With any luck, Carol Leifer\u2018s My Best Friend is a Lesbo will find its way into the 2012 fall pickup schedule. And Rachel Maddow will no doubt be omnipresent in the election year.\nCautious optimism is almost always the order of the day when it comes to lesbian and bisexual characters on television. The gay rights movement felt a multitude of hard-won victories in 2011, and we hope to see those victories reflected on the small screen in the coming year.", "Bank of America's ROTCE for the 12-month period ended Sept. 30 was just 6.09%, the lowest among the big four, and the lowest among the 24 components of the KBW Banking Index. Investors are clearly placing a high value on the company's national branch network and continued recovery prospects as home prices continue to rise.\nBank of America CEO Brian Moynihan during a conference presentation on Tuesday said the bank was seeing momentum in its core businesses, with \"some decent commercial loan growth,\" an improved credit card business, improved credit quality and success in selling 500 401-k plans to institutional customers during 2013.\nCLSA analyst Mike Mayo in a detailed report later on Tuesday made it clear that he was among the disbelievers in Bank of America's current stock valuation.\nDespite having a fantastic market presence that includes half of U.S. households, \"strategic missteps have caused the company to fall short,\" according to Mayo. \"Under the current CEO (since 1 January 2010), the share price has underperformed the BKX by 58%, the worst in our universe,\" Mayo wrote. He was factoring in the epic 58% drop for the shares during 2011, as the company muddled", "A 47-year-old man in Dowa, just outside Malawi\u2019s capital Lilongwe, is on the run after he chopped off his wife\u2019s arm and leg after a quarrel\nPolice have identified the man as Henry Agabu Vunga. His wife was Tikhala Benson both from the same traditional area of Dzoole\nShe died from heavy loss of blood, police said.\nPolice Spokesperson Kondwani Kandiado said that police are yet to establish what led to the quarrel between the two, married since 1998.\n\u201cThe incident hap", "Board picks New Jersey educator\nto be the district's next superintendent\nALBANY, N.Y. (July\n24, 2012) --\nThe City School District of Albany Board of Education\nhas selected Marguerite Vanden Wyngaard, Ph.D., as its choice to become\nthe district\u2019s next superintendent. The board voted July 24 to ask the\nNew York State Department of Education to grant Dr. Vanden Wyngaard a\nSchool District Leader certificate that would allow her to serve in that\n\u201cDr. Vanden Wyngaard has the experience, drive and\ncommitment to be an outstanding superintendent for our school district\nand a strong leader in our community,\u201d said board President Dan Egan.\n\u201cShe was enthusiastically received by the community groups that\ninterviewed our six semifinalists in June. Her strengths closely match\nour needs, and the board concluded that she would be an excellent fit\nfor our city. \u201d\nDr. Vanden Wyngaard is deputy superintendent in the\nPaterson (N.J.) Public Schools. Although she currently does not hold a\nSchool District Leader certificate in New York state, she is certified\nas a superintendent in New Jersey, Minnesota and Wisconsin. She has been\nsecond-in-command in the 28,000-student Paterson district since 2010 and\nhas been a senior administrator for the previous eight years.\nShe holds a doctorate in curriculum and instruction\nfrom Kent State University.\nState education law allows Commissioner John B. King\nJr., Ed.D., to grant a School District Leader certificate to\nexceptionally qualified candidates who do not meet certain educational\nand training requirements in New York state. In those cases, the law\nallows the commissioner to grant a certificate to those \u201cwhose\nexceptional training and experience are the substantial equivalent of\nsuch requirements and qualify such persons for the duties of a\nsuperintendent of sch", "I had absolutely no idea that I would be doing this this year. None whatsoever. It was sparked from a bunch of wooden theatre swords that the students were just messing around with which drove me nuts. \u201cIf we are going to play with swords, we are going to do it right darn it!\u201d I I bellowed.\nSo, I called a meeting to see who would be interested in choreographing some stage combat. I did not realize that it would turn into what you just watched above. But holy cow, I am sure happy it did. This is what emergent curriculum looks like.\nWe went through a 4 month rehearsal and production process.\nIn terms of thinking in old school courses, the students covered: English, Digital Media, Film, Info Tech, PE and Dance Choreography. Pretty good interdisciplinary inquiry. However, at PSII, we are trying so hard to get away from organizing things in courses. We", "What developments related to lesbian and bisexual visibility on television were highlighted in the text for the years 2011 and 2012", "What obstacles must a player overcome to enter Count Bram's castle in order to rescue Katya", "What is the price of the Lumiani Annora pair of shoes on sale at 6pm", "What issues have some families raised regarding the storage of unidentified remains within the museum building", "What event prompted the police response on January 01, 2014, at the Theatre Royal in Hobart", "Ring Them Up\nIt was quiet on the practice court. Almost eerily so--like a wake without the dead men. But give it time on that score--by the end of the season, there will be plenty of corpses around here. Only a few of the scrubs remained when they let the media into practice--all the principals had long since scattered, scurried up the stairs and into the locker room where the salivating reporters couldn't get to them. The Mavs--Steve Nash and Dirk Nowitzki and Michael Finley and the whole lot of them--took the easy way out. They decided not to answer any more questions. It was hard to blame them.\nThe night before, Dallas took the Sixers to double overtime and won. It was a crazy game, complete with wild swings and more than a few wasted leads. There was drama, but not nearly as much as in the pre- and postgame interviews. Rumors abounded leading up to the game, rumors about trading this player or that one, rumors about Mark Cuban being dissatisfied with the club's lack of achievement, rumors about various higher-ups in the organization blaming each other for the team's disappointing record, rumors about the possibility of head coach Don Nelson being fired before the end of the season and being replaced with former Heat coach Pat Riley. All kinds of rumors, none of them good.\nNaturally, the talk before and after the game was dominated by those rumors. Somewhere in there Cuban even called Nellie a drama queen but promised he wouldn't fire his coach. Which prompted Nellie, in front of various journos, including The Dallas Morning News, to quip: \"He told me he's not firing me--he didn't say when.\"\nYeah, there was a lot said before we were let into that empty practice last week, so maybe there wasn't anything left to say. Maybe. More likely, it was the stuff of cowards, the tactic of a bunch of basketball players who know they haven't measured up this season and who can't even look each other in the eye, much less a pack of critical reporters. It was weak and obvious.\nIt's easy to be counted when things are going well and your team is winning, but the real measure of an athlete is the one who offers himself to the mob when everyone is convinced there's something wrong but no one is sure how to fix it. Don Nelson isn't an athlete anymore, but he is most definitely a man. Perhaps the only man associated with the Mavericks these days.\nSo the day after all the drama, the day after the Mavericks kingdom very nearly crumbled, reporters and fans were far from appeased. We wanted more. Nellie was the only one willing to sate our appetite, though he did what he could to spin the situation the way he knows best--with jokes and belly laughs and big, bright smiles.\n\"I think it's best to leave all that as yesterday's news,\" Nellie said when asked about the negative vibe associated with everything Mavs. He paused for comedic effect before adding, \"and let the chicken shit on the pages.\"\nApproximately halfway through the season, that exchange pretty much sums up everything that's happened to this point. Less than five months ago the Mavericks were busy making blockbuster trades and smacking each other on the ass for jobs well done. Now most of them can't point fingers fast enough. The reality here is that this crew is a long, long way from last year's run to the Conference Finals in both record and makeup. To win just 50 games, the Mavs (with a 24-16 record) would have to go on a", "The Sony Vaio E Series laptops are designed as everyday laptops, with a fresh new \"wrap around\" design for 2012. This reminds us slightly of the folded design of the Sony Tablet S and it's a design we like.\nSeparating the E Series from models higher up the Vaio range, like the S Series, these are finished in plastic. It's a noticeable difference, but the plastics look and feel like good quality.\nThere are 14, 15 and 17-inch models available of the new E series, with black, white and silver colours. We played with the white version and we like the contrast between the white surfaces and black sides; it's slightly reminiscent of a Stormtrooper's uniform.\nThe keyboard has a very nice action to it and seems well supported, with flex not being a probl", "What is the significance of lock-up agreements in the transactions mentioned in the text segment", "Software Dev Cycle As Part of CS Curriculum?\nThat was hands down the best software engineering course I took. The entire course is a series of short, intense team projects to develop an escalating series of more complex software products- starting from a simple day planner and working up to a networked multiplayer game, with graphics and all. This was back in 2000, and it was really all about le", "Ranch Inc. began on Nov 17, 2004.\nWe have calculated the average cost per day for Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. to be approximately $357 based off of data provided to CMS. Please note that this is only an estimate for reference and prices are subject to change. If you are interested in this facility you should contact them directly for exact pricing for you or your loved one's specific care needs.\n|Medicare and Medicaid Ratings|\nOverall Rating: 5 stars\nHealth Inspection Rating: 4 stars\nStaff Rating: 5 stars\nQuality Measures Rating: 5 stars\nRegistered Nurses Rating: 5 stars\nGlenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. in SARASOTA, Florida has 61 beds compared to a Florida average of 120.76 and a National average of 106.41. As of the last update they had 54 residents compared to a FL average of 106.88 and a National average of 88.66. This results in a 88.52% occupancy rate compared to a Florida average of 88.51% and a national average of 81.98%.\nGLENRIDGE ON PALMER RANCH INC.'s star ratings compare as follows:\n|Visual / Graphical Comparisons for GLENRIDGE ON PALMER RANCH INC.|\n|Hospitals near Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc.|\n|Compare Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc.|\nSARASOTA Florida Nursing Homes and Facilities by Overall Rating:\nHeartland Health Care Center - North Sarasota Sarasota Memorial Nursing And Rehabilitation Cente Plymouth Harbor Incorporated Life Care Center Of Sarasota Sunnyside Nursing Home Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. Sarasota Point Rehabilitation Center Pines Of Sarasota Springs At Lake Pointe Woods Crossbreeze Care Center\nThere are 7 Cities within 30 miles of 34238 Sarasota, FL with Nursing Homes.\nBradenton Englewood North Port Palmetto Port Charlotte Sarasota Venice\nFind Nursing Homes by State: Browse by State", "What gene has been identified to regulate lifespan in mammals and was studied in male and female mice regarding its impact on longevity and health", "MMVS NJ and Staten Island Retreat - Sept 5th\nThe Marth Mariam Vanitha Samajam of the New Jersey and Staten Island area is hosting a regional retreat on Saturday, September 5th at 9:30am at St. Mary's Orthodox Church of Staten Island, NY (130 Park Ave).\nRetreat leader: H.G. Dr. Gabriel Mar Gregorios, Metropolitan of Thiruvananthapuram Diocese\nAll are welcome.\nFor more information:\nMrs. Soffy Vilson, Area Coordinator \u2013 848-250-5992\nMrs. Ani Ninan, Area Representative \u2013 973- 908-3140\nMarth Mariam Samajam\nThe Northeast American Diocese accepts", "What is the screen resolution and aspect ratio of the 17-inch model mentioned in the text", "What does Kyrie Irving aim to achieve for the Cleveland Cavaliers and their fans", "What are the new regulations regarding the operation of massage businesses in Grayslake", "ng is key to increasing the power of your blog posts. Build relationships on other blogs and forums relevant to your business and subtly promote your content by writing an intriguing headline or question as your forum title, followed by insightful comments and the URL to your full blog post. Remember to encourage feedback and always respond \u2013 you will quickly gain authority with the right audience and generate valuable targeted traffic to your site!\nAdd it to your Sig\nSimple but effective, adding the title of your latest blog post to your email signature can be more powerful than you think \u2013 and you can take the ache out of it too with Wisestamp, an app that will automatically update your signature so you don\u2019t have to lift a finger (and it will add all your social media contact details too!).\nStick to the checklist and you should soon see your blog posts achieving better results that will really get your blog (and your business) moving forward. Let us know how you get on - happy blogging!\nJames T Noble makes small businesses bigger. He's worked with some of the world's largest brands and companies to market their products and services online - including Disney, Microsoft, 20th Century Fox, Virgin, Coca Cola, MTV and many others. Find out more and read business growth tips at http://www.JamesTNoble.com or follow him on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/WebsiteMarketingGur", "Man brought down from Theatre Royal roof\n- From: Mercury\n- January 01, 2014\nTASMANIA Police today responded to several calls from the public who were concerned for a man wandering on the roof of the Theatre Royal in Hobart.\nDetective", "Morgan Stoddard is the first graduate of the MSLS/JD Dual Degree Program offered by SILS and the UNC School of Law.\nThe degree offers students the opportunity to explore issues such as public access to information, ownership of information, an individual\u2019s control over personal information or an institution\u2019s reliance on information systems to accurately gather and analyze data, which all require critical legal analysis and knowledge of information systems and usage.\nProfessionals with degrees in law and library science are employed in law schools, law firms, federal, state and local courts, government agencies and corporations.\n\u201cThe MSLS/JD program at the University of North Carolina is excellent,\" said Stoddard. \"The faculty, students and course offerings at both the School of Law and the Scho", "All are welcome to come along to meet the slimmers\n- including Airdrie's young slimmer\nof the year - and get a flavour of Free Food February and SlimmingWorld, as well as some tasty treats from the spread.\nsize now loss She said: \"I knew I had do something serious about my weight, so in January last year I went with Joan to the Scottish Slimmers\nclass she attended.\nA WOMAN who was morbidly obese and struggled to stand has shed more than half her body weight to be named the biggest loser slimmer\nof the year.\nBut from the moment I joined the fitness class it was my dream to win a slimmer\nof the year title.\nThe average slimmer\nin Tyne and Wear lost 12lbs over 12 weeks.\nCalorie counters can now enjoy hearty meals such as bangers and mash, toad in the hole and cooked breakfasts thanks to Scottish Slimmers\nwildly-healthy venison sausages.\nDIET and exercise guru Rosemary Conley dished out awards yesterday to eight star slimmers\nwho between them lost 77 stone - including Super-Fit Slimmer\nof the Year Kerry Pillai from Swansea.\nTracey Skeffington, a Birmingham We", "What sparked the decision to choreograph stage combat and how long was the rehearsal and production process", "leaser.\nWith compassion-filled lyrics and catchy melodies delivered with commanding and powerful vocals, Chris' music grabs the listener's attention.\nChris Ross' music can be found on iTunes. Look for his albums \"I Believe\" and \"The Story of Freedom\" featuring the single \"Freedom\" which was featured on national television.", "ith excellent outcomes in attendance, foot traffic, stress reduction and morale.\nAfter a chair massage, the client feels energized, rejuvenated, valued and relaxed. It can work wonders for your body, your mental state and your sense of well-being and happiness.\nBenefits of Chair Massage for Employees\n- Lowers anxiety\n- Increases circulation\n- Boosts immune system\n- Lowers blood pressure\n- Relieves muscle pains and headaches\n- Decreases stress\n- Improves sleep quality\n- Generates more flexibility", "said,\n\"You'll never be able to say anything good about the devil!\"\nShe smiled and said,\n\"You must admit, he does his job well.\"", "A temporary halt in new massage business licenses will extend through next month in Grayslake as officials contemplate new regulations.\nIn a recent nonvoting session, the Grayslake village board endorsed some recommendations from the advisory plan commission/zoning board of appeals regarding more specific controls over future massage businesses. Current massage operations wouldn't be affected.\nMayor Rhett Taylor said state law doesn't provide many options to municipalities seeking to control massage businesses.\n\"We can control land usage,\" Taylor said, \"and so this is a mechanism for making certain that when these (massage) licenses are issued, they're issued in a way that is for the best health and safety of the community.\"\nGrayslake's six-month moratorium on new massage operations had been set to expire Friday, Jan. 31, until trustees recently voted for the extension through February. That move came after village officials last May revoked the business license of Kyoto Spa and Massage on Route 83, where police say two women were charged with prostitution after an undercover operation.\nDocuments obtained through a Daily Herald Freedom of Information Act request say Grayslake police received \"several complaints that sexual favors for money were being offered to clients of the Kyoto Spa during the provision of massage services.\" The complai", "through the mortgage mess inherited in major part from Countrywide Financial, which it purchased in July 2008.\nAccording to Mayo, \"investors over the past two years may be more satisfied given better management stability (same two co-COOs), less highly visible mistakes, a stronger foundation (costs, credit, capital), very recent growth in credit cards, a stabilizing margin, approval by the Fed to repurchase shares and a stock price that has almost doubled.\"\nBut he continues to rate Bank of America a \"sell,\" because the company \"needs a more focused strategy.\" This includes clearly stating the priorities for each of the company's five business lines, \"even if one sentence.\"\n\"Moreover, there should be related formal target metrics for outsiders to gauge management's ability to successfully implement these strategies (such as ROE and efficiency targets by business), and a link of these metrics to compensation,\" the analyst wrote.\nMay's price target for Bank of America is $12, implying 18% downside for the shares over the next 12 months.\nInterested in more on Bank of America? See TheStreet Ratings' report card for this stock.\n-- Written by Philip van Doorn in Jupiter, Fla", "A girl named Katya has been kidnapped by Count Bram, a vampire. The people of the town are in panic, and it\u2019s up to you to save her. Can you survive breaking into the vampire\u2019s castle? Do you have what it takes to save Katya?\nFirst, go to Vampire\u2019s Curse Island if you are not already there. You will arrive on Main Street.\nYou will see a lady to your right who is crying. Click on the lady to talk to her. She will tell you that Katya and her boyfriend are missing. You will tell the lady that you will see if you can rescue her daughter.\nGo all the way to the right, past the sign that says \u201cBram\u2019s Castle\u201d. You will find yourself in a rocky place that has a few trees. You will see a boy sitting on a rock. It\u2019s Katya\u2019s boyfriend. Click on the boy to talk to him. He will tell you that Count Bram took Katya away, but that he\u2019s not going to try to rescue her. He will walk away.\nJump to the top of the rock that Katya\u2019s boyfriend was sitting on by jumping from on the parts of the rock that sticks out and the tree limb. Once you reach the top, your Poptropican will freeze with fear. You will see a wolf come out of a cave to the left. Jump down to the other side of the rock. You will see a tree with a hole in it. Click on the hole. When the wolf comes by, click on the tree\u2019s branch to make it smack into the wolf.\nOnce the wolf is out of sight, jump back on the the rock. Jump down onto the other side of the rock, and go to the right, past a tree, over some spikes, up some stairs, onto an old part of a bridge, climb up a rope that\u2019s connected to a bridge, drop down to the left of the rope, and onto another part of an old bridge. That\u2019s when the wolf will attack you again. He will knock into you, forcing you onto a tree branch. Both you and the wolf will fall down. You will get a log. The Log will be added to your items.\nRepeat the process of going over the spikes, up the stairs, and so on. This time, when you get to the second part of the old bridge, jump up onto the vine that is hanging down over the bridge. Jump from one vine to the other until there are no more vines to jump onto. Drop down to the left, and you will land on a ledge of rock.\nThere is a vine hanging over the left part of the ledge. Climb up the vine and drop on the ledge of rock that was above the one that you were previously on. Go to the right. The wolf will probably attack you around here. The wolf will then run back to the bridge.\nContinue going to the right, jump over the small gap between the two ledges, and keep going right until you are in front of the bridge. Make sure that you don\u2019t actually go onto the bridge just in front of it. There will be a rope that connects to a wooden pole in the ground that attaches the bridge to the ground. If you look closely, the rope will already be broken part of the way. Click on the rope to break it completely. The bridge will swing down, and the wolf will fall down with it.\nMake a flying leap in the direction of the broken bridge. Hopefully, you will land on the bridge. If not, it shouldn\u2019t be too hard to get to it. Climb up the bridge and go to the right.\nYou will find yourself in a sort of graveyard place. Go to the right until you see a building that looks like a tool shed. Go inside the shed.\nThere will be a coffin with the statue of a girl on it. There is a book laying on top of the coffin, to the right of the statue. Jump up to get the book. The Teen Vampire Novel will go to your items. There will also be a crowbar that is leaning on the left side of the coffin. Go over to it to get it. The Crowbar will be added to your items.\nExit the shed. Go to the right until you see a second shed. Click on the shed\u2019s gutter to pick up part of it. There is an old-fashioned water pump next to the shed. Put the gutter down so that part of it is in front of the water pump and part of it is to the left of the pump. You can put the gutter down by clicking on it. Jump onto the pump\u2019s handle. Water will pour out of a gargoyle\u2019s mouth, into the gutter and out into a pit to your right that has spikes on the bottom of the pit. The water will stop when the pit is about halfway full of water. Jump on the pump\u2019s handle again to finish filling up the pit.\nJump into the pit and swim to the other side. There will be some stone steps leading up to an arch in the wall. Go through the arch.\nThere will be a boulder to your left. Walk over to it and start rolling it to the right. Keep rolling it until it falls into a small place that is indented. That will block the water coming out of it.\nGo back to the left and you will see a boulder that is trapped inside a big rock. Walk over to the rock. Go to your items, find the Crowbar, and use it to pry the boulder loose from the rock. Roll the boulder over to the right. It will fall into an indention to the right of the first one.\nKeep going right until you see a big rock with a bunch of little rocks that are sticking out. Use the rocks that are sticking out as a sort of ladder. Keep jumping from one rock to the other until you see another boulder. Push the boulder off of the rock and jump down after it. The boulder will roll into the fourth indention.\nThe only indention that doesn\u2019t have a boulder covering it is the third one. All of the water that was from the other three is now coming out of the third one, making a huge thing of water that goes straight up into the air.\nJump onto the thing of water. It will make you fly up into the air. Land on a windowsill. There will be a window that is broken to your left. Enter the castle through the window. You will find yourself in the Great Hall of the castle. It is so dark, you can barely see. Jump off of the bookcase that you are on top of and go to the right.\nYou will see a fireplace. There\u2019s nothing in the fireplace except for a bunch of glowing coals, though. Go to your items, find the Log, and use it. You will put the Log in the fireplace. Go back to your items, find the Teen Vampire Novel, and use it. Your will rip a page or two out of the book and put it under the log. Jump up onto the bellows that\u2019s next to the fire. Jump on it three times.\nGo to the right until you see a ladder. Push the ladder to the left until it is in front of a suit of armor that is to the left of the first bookcase. Go back to the fireplace.\nThere\u2019s a table to the right of the fireplace that has a bunch of candles on it. Click on the candles to get one. Light one using the fireplace. Run to the left, up the ladder, onto a ledge, onto another smaller ledge, and onto a chandelier that has a bunch of candles on it. The candles will light automatically when you get up there.\nThere are three more chandeliers to the right of the first one that you can get to by jumping from one chandelier to the other. Repeat that process with those chandeliers. You don\u2019t have to light the candle using the fireplace, though. You can use a chandelier that you have alre", "What was Abraham Lincoln's mother known for in her character", "What is the date and time of the regional retreat hosted by the Marth Mariam Vanitha Samajam in New Jersey and Staten Island", "What musical styles influence Chris Ross's signature sound", "What do players believe about Kyrie Irving's potential in the next three years", "Who has been selected as the next superintendent of the City School District of Albany", "What potential benefits does manipulating the IRS-1 gene in humans have according to Prof Withers", "Inspector David Plumpton negotiated with the man, believed to be from interstate, for about an hour before he was apprehended by officers while still on the theatre roof.\nThe man will be taken to Royal Hobart Hospital for assessment", "What are some effective strategies mentioned for promoting blog posts and generating targeted traffic", "What significant event took place in May at the National September 11 Memorial Museum", "What are the steps for cleaning titanium jewelry safely", "What types of software projects were developed in the course described in the text", "What is the capacity and current occupancy of Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. in Sarasota, Florida", "What were the most important aspects emphasized in the text related to working in small teams and fast-paced environments", "What are the benefits of crepe fabric mentioned in the text", "logiesDENNIS BARRICK hired as global vice president of marketing and business development; formerly the business manager of Integrated RF Solutions for Spectrum Microwave, Inc.\nABI ResearchROBERT CLARK appointed principal analyst, multi-channel video; formerly a senior consulting analyst with Stratecast, a division of Frost & Sullivan.\nQualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT) LEN LAUER promoted to COO; formerly executive vice president of Qualcomm and group president. STEVE MOLLENKOPF promoted to president of QCT; formerly executive vice president of QCT. JIM LEDERER promoted to executive vice president of business planning and finance for QCT; formerly senior vice president on QCT's senior management team.\nOSRAM Opto Semiconductors GmbH ELKE ECKSTEIN is chief operating officer in Regensburg, Germany; formerly vice president, manufacturing at AMD. JRG THLE, who held the chief operating officer post from 2006 to April 2008, moved to the parent company, OSRAM GmbH, where he is CEO of the Low Pressure Discharge Business Unit.\nMimix Broadband, Inc.GREG BAKER appointed senior vice president sales and marketing; formerly vice president international sales with Sirenza Microdevices.\nSandvik CoromantROBERT CASSANELLI appointed aerospace process engineer.\nLazer-TechPING LI appointed to inside sales position; formerly with Dynamic Details Canada and Data Circuits.", "26-16 run. Last season, they won their first 14. This year, they've already lost 13 on the road. Last year, it took them until the final month of the season to lose that many away from home. The contrast is alarming.\nAll that's left to do now is wonder when the boom is coming. Because you have to know that something is going to change with the Mavs--it always does. Either Nellie is going to get fired or one of the players is going to get traded or both. But something is going to happen, because the idea of Mad Mark watching this team struggle on the road and limp to an unimpressive record and an early-round playoff loss just doesn't seem possible. That's not Cuban's style. For good or ill, the man is not afraid to make moves. The players know it just as Nellie knows it, which is why Antawn Jamison has yet to buy a house here--unpacking doesn't make much sense if you're just going to move again. (Last weekend, he was very nearly traded to Portland, even though the Mavs denied it.)\nDespite the fact that they've played better the last week or so, you have to figure it's a matter of when and who, not if. For my money, I'd deal the other Antoine, because Walker will get you a triple-double, but he'll also disrupt the flow of the offense.\n\"No one is frustrated with any of the pieces,\" Donnie Nelson, president of basketball operations, told ESPN radio in an attempt to settle things a bit. \"Everyone loves the pieces. There's a lot of talent on this team, and they get along famously. It's about fitting the pieces together. It's a time issue. We preached patience on this thing since the very beginning. It's not gonna happen overnight. It's not the pieces. It's fitting the pieces together.\n\"And I don't buy that Antoine is the problem here. His spirit and energy is the same that Nick [Van Exel] brought. Antoine is a winner. The chemistry issue is this: In the past, with the other deals we've made, the big three carried the day for us. This year, there have been some struggles with Steve and Dirk having to play center and Michael starting slowly. We've had issues, but I think they'll come together over time.\"\nTime, unfortunately for the Mavs, is one thing they're all short on. There is the possibility that Donnie is right, that Dallas could coalesce, go on a second-half tear and play the kind of quality basketball that, on paper, it says they ought to be capable of, the kind of hoops we've all been eagerly awaiting. But that scenario seems unlikely. Which means we all have to prepare ourselves for something less palatable, for the ever-increasing chance that this little experiment isn't going to work and that they're going to have to come up with another plan. Worse, we might have to admit this season is already wasted and there's nothing left to do but plan for next year. It's a difficult notion to wrap your head around. For the Mavs, too.\n\"It's definitely wearing on me a little,\" Nellie said. \"I feel a little tired. I'm probably drinking too much when we lose--too many scotch and waters. It's hard.\"\nAnd ugly. Halfway through the season, and just a few months from the start of the playoffs, the Mavs seem further away from a championship than ever.\nGet the This Week's Top Stories Newsletter\nEvery week we collect the latest news, music and arts stories \u2014 along with film and food reviews and the best things to do this week \u2014 so that you\u2019ll never miss Observer's biggest stories", "What did British investors request from investment banks regarding lock-up agreements on sales of company shares", "What should AUTHORS keep in mind when submitting their articles for publication", "The new National September 11 Memorial Museum opened in May. The museum is located beside the remnants of New York\u2019s twin towers.\nOn opening day, flags outside were at hall-staff on the World Trade Center memorial plaza, where bronze panels bear the engraved names on the nearly 3,000 people who were killed in New York, Northern Virginia and Pennsylvania in 2003, and in the bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993.\nAbout 700 guests attended the somber ceremony held in the museums Foundation Hall. During the ceremony, elected officials, survivors and rescue workers rose one by one to talk about the victims and what was left behind.\nIn attendance was President Obama. \u201cNo act of terror can match the strength or the character of our country\u201d he told the audience during the dedication ceremony.\nIn his remarks, Obama singled out the heroism of Welles Crowther, a young man with a red bandana who helped save people in the south tower before it collapsed, killing him. His identity was long unknown until months later when his mother read an article about the mysterious savior with the bandana.\nMichael Bloomberg hosted the event, as chairman of the National September 11 Memorial Museum, and described the museum as \u201ca testament to the resilience, the courage and the compassion of the human spirit.\u201d\nFoundation Hall is dom", "What vintage boutique did the author discover while browsing through Etsy", "What rumors were circulating about the Dallas Mavericks leading up to and following their game against the Sixers", "Eddy Company is now booking tax service clients for year 2017 for businesses and individuals. For a limited time, with open and funded investment account of any size (no minimum), the firm will prepare and file your 2016 taxes (minimum value $200). Please contact", "What are the sizes and color options available for the Sony Vaio E Series laptops", "What year is Eddy Company currently booking tax service clients for", "What three ingredients does Count Bram need to rid himself of the vampire's curse", "ving, who is a very different kind of player and leader.\n\u201cIt\u2019s just me trying to be myself, I wasn\u2019t trying to replace anybody,\u201d Irving said. \u201cI am trying to turn a new page in Cleveland, get the fans excited again, to show the fans we have a lot of hope and are optimistic about this team.\u201d\nIrving, after returning from injury, has been very impressive, having made leaps since his rookie season \u2014 when he was Rookie of the Year.\n\u201cThe pace of the game slowed down for me,\u201d Irving said. \u201cJust understanding who else is on the floor, understanding defenses.\u201d\nIrving also had added a little muscle in the offseason to help with the physicality he has started to face, but that didn\u2019t exactly go according to plan.\n\u201cAt the beginning of the season I came in feeling like I had a lot of armor on me,\u201d Irving said. \u201cThen I had my wisdom teeth taken out, lost 10 pounds. I got sick, I lost five pounds. So now I\u2019m back to where I started.\u201d\nCavaliers players all talked about seeing more young players come in through the draft. Irving seemed interested in maybe seeing if some free agents can be brought in as well. The Cavaliers have what free agents covet most \u2014 cap space.\nBut whatever direction that goes, the young guns of the Cavaliers think they are building something special. And they may be.", "Who apprehended the man on the theatre roof after negotiations", "em, from the time we spent playing with the notebooks on show.\nThe display of the 17-inch model we played with offers a resolution of 1600 x 900 in a 16:9 aspect. The screen is nice and vibrant, offering good viewing angles.\nElsewhere, you'll find a choice of hardware available, with the option for AMD graphics, which you'll need in place if you want to opt for the Core i7 model with Blu-ray player.\nOtherwise, the large chassis means you have plenty of space for connectivity, with 4x USB, Ethernet, HDMI and VGA around the sides, with card readers on the front edge.\nOverall we like the design of the new E series and the new sizes mean plenty more options for a more affordable Vaio notebook. Expect to pay from \u00a3410 depending on the size you opt for", "New Times / Calendar Events\nFilm and TV\nThis class takes place on Sun. and is taught by a professional film actor/director. Annual LA trips to perform for talent agents and casting directors. Ongoing.\nSLO GRANGE FARMERS MARKET\nThis farmers market is held every Tuesday in the Grange parking lot from\nSpecial Art Events\nThe Land Conservancy SLO is proud to present Laurel Sherrie\u2019s paintings, \"Nature-Driven Art,\" highlights of the Central Coast to Jan. 31, 2013, including new work depicting the Open Spaces of San Luis Obispo. 547 Marsh St., San Luis Obispo 93401 (805) 544-9096 Hours : Mon-Fri: 9:00 am - 5:00 pm\nSports and Wellness\nJanuary 29 (6:30pm)\nCycling targets a wide variety of abilities, fitness levels and goals. You control the resistance and thus the intensity of the workout.Class meets: 1/8-4/16 Tu 6:30-7:30p $42,Class meets: 1/10-4/18 Th 6:30-7:30p $42.\nBIRTH AND BABY RESOURCE NETWORK'S BIRTH STORIES SHARING CIRCLE\nJanu", "What weapon did the man use to mutilate his wife's left arm and left leg", "When the microphones were turned off at one media session this week, one All-Star player (not from the East) wanted to talk about Kyrie Irving. He said he and other players were talking and think in three years he\u2019ll be the best point guard in the NBA.\nIt\u2019s hard to argue \u2014 his game has grown this year and he showed Saturday night he has range on his shot, winning the Three Point Shooting contest.\nThat is at the heart of what Cavaliers players have been saying all weekend in Phoenix \u2014 they\u2019re young but they like what is being built.\n\u201cIt\u2019s exciting,\u201d said forward Tristan Thompson. \u201cWe\u2019re all around the same age, we\u2019ve built through the draft. Look at the (Rising Stars game Friday night), we have four guys in our starting lineup who are in this game. It shows how much time and effort we are putting in to get better as a team.\u201d\nThose guys are Irving, Thompson, Dion Waiters and Tyler Zeller.\n\u201cWe\u2019re really young, we\u2019re figuring out things,\u201d Irving said. \u201cI mean our starting five, we probably have 10 years of experience, all five of us combined.\u201d\nBut you\u2019re not going to grow into an elite team in the NBA without an elite player, and that is Irving. His timing coming to Cleveland was unfortunate in that it was easy to see him as the guy replacing LeBron James. That\u2019s not fair to Ir", "Abraham Lincoln's mother was famed for never\nsaying anything bad about anyone.\nIn trying to catch her one day,\na group of people", "ol of Information and Library Science are outstanding, and the dual degree curriculum is well-tailored to provide students with the knowledge and skills they will need in a law library or other legal information setting. From the time I first visited the University of North Carolina in the spring of 2005 to today, the librarians have been a constant source of guidance and encouragement. I was given the opportunity to work in the law library as a circulation desk assistant my first year, and I continued to work there all four years, gaining experience in not only circulation and access services, but also reference, faculty services and technical services.\u201d\nStoddard is currently a reference librarian at the Georgetown University Law Library in Washington, D.C, a position she has held since August.", "If 2011 had a TV theme, it was lesbian and bisexual viewers saying to network executives, \u201cYou won\u2019t? YouTube!\u201d No longer content with the landscape of American television, innumerable viewers turned to online video services this year to watch lesbian storylines from Spain, Germany, Great Britain and Canada.\nBritish TV has always been a favorite with Americans, and this year was no different as lesbians flocked to Skins and Coronation Street. The latter saw the dissolution of Sophie and Sian\u2019s relationship when Sacha Parkinson decided not to renew her contract for 2012, but the build up to her departure kept fans at rapt attention. Sophie and Sian\u2019s relationship was perfectly indicative of true love, from the tempestuous ups and downs to the promises of forever. The pair even planned to tie the knot before Sian discovered that Sophie had been unfaithful to her. We will forever keep our fingers crossed that Sian returns to Corrie. After all, characters never really leave soap operas.\nSkins introduced us to the genderqueer Franky Fitzgerald in series five, and as she took a fascinating journey of self-discovery and self-acceptance, her very femme arch-nemesis-turned-best mate realized that her feelings ran deeper than friendship. Franky refused to define her gender by her fashion and she refused to define her sexuality with labels. She dressed how she wanted to dress, she kissed who she wanted to kiss \u2014 and she never apologized for being who she was.\nCanada\u2019s Lost Girl was also a favorite of American viewers. The sci-fi show follows the life of Succubus Bo, including her blossoming relationship with human doctor Lauren. The two finally consummated their relationship in two, only to be forced to slam on the brakes when Lauren\u2019s girlfriend awoke from a years-long coma. Their relationship is far from over, and American viewers who watch TV without the benefit of the internet will be able to watch it from the very beginning when Syfy airs the series from the beginning in January.\nTwo other shows that caught the attention of AfterEllen.com readers this year were Tierra de Lobos and Hand aufs Herz. Even though the majority of non-German and non-Spanish viewers watched the Crisabel and Jemma storylines", "The Chris Ross Band\nChris Ross has loved music for as long as he can remember. The son of an avid guitar player, Chris grew up listening to a variety of music that has led to his signature sound. A combination of modern acoustic pop, classic 70's acoustic rock, and a touch of modern country thrown in, he's always a crowd p", "What competencies are emphasized in the film-making process described in the text", "What was the purpose of the Honey Run Covered Bridge Association's pancake breakfast fundraiser", "What type of fabric are the Tara Pants made from, and what purpose do they serve", "election of gorgeous vintage items. Below are a few of my favorite pieces.\n|I see a few alterations being made,|\nbut all in all perfect for spring/summer.\n|Chanel-esque, n'est-ce pas?|\n|A short fur jacket is on my must have list for winter.|\n|Chic and simple.|\n|The perfect high waisted skirt.|\nDo you shop vintage often? What are your favorite vintage sites/stores", "nts were recorded before police initiated the undercover investigation at the business in March 2013.\nUnder the new regulations recommended by the Grayslake plan commission/zoning board of appeals, a massage operation would be allowed in all nonresidential areas as an accessory use to a state-licensed medical facility. Massage as a primary business also would be allowed in all nonresidential areas if a special-use permit is granted -- a requirement officials said would give greater oversight to the village board.\nMassage businesses wouldn't be allowed within 500 feet of a school, park or place of worship unless village trustees granted a special-use permit. The village board eventually will hold a formal vote on the plan commission/zoning board of appeals recommendations.\nAn original recommendation to ban massage operations in residential areas was declined. Instead, the village board agreed the advisory plan commission/zoning board of appeals should craft regulations for home-based massage businesses that may want to open in Grayslake.\nTrustee Amy Edwards said she did not see a reason to prevent someone running a licensed massage business at home.\n\"I guess I kind of feel like if you're going to run an illicit business from your home, why bother to get a permit or something?\" Edwards said. \"Why wouldn't you just try to fly under the radar.", "What are the titles of Chris Ross' albums mentioned in the text", "swim.\nThe association is planning on restoring some of the boards on the bridge that need repair and upgrading the bathrooms at the park to make them compatible with the Americans with Disabilities Act. The park recently began renting space for weddings.\nWith a bathroom upgrade, the park can also provide nicer changing rooms for brides and grooms, Salermo said.\nFor more information about the bridge call, 895-1243 or visit www.honeyruncoveredbridge.com.\nWith gold panning, vendors selling old-time goods, musicians playing folk music, a barbecue and a silent auction, the 49er Faire in Centerville was busy Sunday as well, with many people making the short drive up Centerville Road after eating at the covered bridge.\nThe fair's goal is to raise funds to preserve the schoolhouse, said Darlene Lightcap, treasurer of the Centerville Recreation and Historical Association and a resident of Butte Creek Canyon for 23 years.\nThe event takes place at the single-room schoolhouse that was in operation until the 1960s.\nThere were more vendor booths than usual, Lightcap said. This year, event organizers tried to provide more shady areas for booths, and it appeared to have worked.\nA silent auction inside the schoolhouse had many works from Butte Creek Canyon artists who donated works for the fair up for silent auction. People strolled through, examining different items before placing a bid and hoping nobody else would outbid them.\nIn the \"Kids Corner\" more games were provided this year, Lightcap said, but the ever-popular gold panning station, a large bucket with water, dirt and some real gold flakes where kids can learn how people living in 1849 actually panned for gold.\nOne popular attraction was Laura Burghardt's spinning station where she showed anyone who wished to learn how to spin wool into yarn.\n\"I love seeing the young women getting into it,\" she said as she worked with two women. \"Spinning was almost a dying art and now it's experiencing a resurgence.", "What are some factors that Mayer mentions have contributed to investor satisfaction with Bank of America over the past two years", "What position does Stoddard currently hold and where", "Who is Dr. Vanden Wyngaard and what is her role in the context of the school district", "BUTTE CREEK CANYON >> The Honey Run Covered Bridge Association raised more money than anticipated and the 49er Faire drew more vendors than ever Sunday.\nThe bridge association uses the money from its annual pancake breakfast fundraiser to maintain the park, which includes the bridge, a small park area and a section of Butte Creek which is used on hot summer days as a swimming hole. The fair at the Centerville schoolhouse also raises money for maintaining the schoolhouse grounds and the Coleman Museum, located next door.\nHoney Run Covered Bridge\nStretched across Butte Creek since 1894, the Honey Run Covered Bridge was already falling apart when a car crashed into the bridge, causing extensive damage to the old wooden timbers.\nThe first president of the Honey Run Covered Bridge Association, Harvey Johnson, started pancake breakfast 49 years ago, and the association, including current president, Johnson's great-cousin Nick Salermo III, has continued the tradition ever since.\n\"Our goal this year was just to keep it simple,\" Salermo said. \"But I think we broke a record.\"\nDiners buy a breakfast for $7.50 and the Butte County Sheriff's Office cooks up pancakes, and sausages on the Captain Bob Pancake Wagon for patrons to take inside the bridge to eat.\nThe fundraiser was expected to make about $2,000, but Salermo said there were more people than ever before and he thought the final cash tally would be close to $3,000.\n\"All the money pretty much goes into maintaining the bridge,\" he said.\nAmy Raucher has volunteered at the bridge for 23 years, since she was 10 years old.\n\"A lot of hours go into this place,\" she said.\nRaucher and her husband Byron Shaw are the park's caretakers, working for free to keep the park looking nice.\nThey recently cleared driftwood and weeds from the area around the river.\n\"I haven't seen the swimming hole look this nice since I was a kid,\" Salermo said of the work the couple put into one of the creek's most popular places to", "Who has been appointed as the president and managing director of The Vitec Group RF Systems", "The Tara Pant is where loungewear meets professionalism. In our comfortable yet functionable stretch fabric, these pants make you look like a boss while feeling cozy and at home. It is the work essential that every woman needs for her life on the go. With a bit more structure, our Moss", "ary 29 (7-8:30)\nJanuary 29th 7-8:30pm The wisdom of the sharing circle makes this FREE event a perennial favorite. Whether you just gave birth or your children are having children of their own, telling your birth story is powerful. When pregnant couples hear real stories of real births it opens their eyes, inspires and motivates them. Bring stories of joy and challenges surmounted, or victimization and despair. All stories will be honored.\nBirth and Baby Resource Network\nA former SLO inmate draws on real-life experiences for his role in the Web series 'Solitary' Empower Santa Barbara County expands to include all of the Central Coast Political Watch 7/17/14 Community Notebook 7/17-7/24/14 Community Corner: Tranz Central Coast organizes a forum on transgender surgery Strawberries continue to reign supreme in Santa Barbara County San Luis Obispo County Assistant District Attorney Tim Covello resigns, comes to Santa Barbara Count", "What are some common settings where chair massage is utilized", "pened around 7.00 pm on Tuesday. The man killed the wife by completely chopping off the wife\u2019s left arm and left leg. He sliced the woman\u2019s arm and leg using a panga knife,\u201d he said.\nThe couple has five children between them.\nThis is the second incident of domestic violence in the area which has gotten public attention. In 2006, Herbert Mankhwala chopped off both arms of his wife Marietta Samuel. She was lucky to survive the attack.\nThe husband is currently in jail.", "What did the woman assert about the devil's abilities", "What strategies did lesbian and bisexual viewers employ in 2011 to access satisfying storylines when they were unhappy with American television", "What improvements are being planned for the park mentioned in the text segment", "What factors should be considered when deciding between leasing and purchasing equipment", "inated by a giant slurry wall \u2013 the underground construction that survived the initial attacks and held back the waters of the Hudson River after the towers collapsed. In the hall\u2019s center is the Last Column, the final steel beam to be removed from ground zero.\nThere have been many controversies surrounding the museum. A video exhibit about the roots of the attack, which includes the terms \u201cIslamist\u201d and \u201cjihadist,\u201d was criticized by an advisory group made up of clergy members from different faiths who claimed that the video presented a prejudiced view of Islam. Ultimately, the chief executive of the memorial and museum foundation insisted that the video was objective.\nSome families are unhappy that the unidentified remains of the victims are stored in the same building as the museum in a specially built repository. The 7,930 unidentified remains were moved to the repository in a ceremonial transfer, alongside some remains that have been identified but that families chose to have stored there.\nMuseum and city officials say that the repository is under the jurisdiction of the New York City medical examiner\u2019s office. The repository is separated from the museum by a wall, and will not be open to the general public. It will, however, be open to victim\u2019s relatives who will be able to visit a reflection room there.", "would rather like to organize around competencies. The students hit these making this film: Media and Info Literacy, Collaboration and Leadership, Critical and Creative Thinking, Cultural Awareness and Understanding, Personal Responsibility and Planning. We believe these are greater forms for assessment.\nAdding on to all of that is the unparalelled experience of seeing a labour intensive, lengthy process through to an end. It is not about handing in assignments that only a teacher will see. It is about making valuable work to share with the world.\nBut even beyond all of that, the most important aspect of education is to light the fire. I mean, isn\u2019t that what it is all about? These learners are fully engaged, doing deep research and experimenting with numerous creative avenues. These are the skills that every innovative organization wants to see.", "What are the key differences between leasing and purchasing a truck or trailer, and how do they affect ownership and payments", "Titanium is one of the most durable metals jewelry can be made of. Here are some tips to help you clean your titanium rings or other jewelry pieces and take good care of them.\nCleaning Titanium Jewelry\nYou can clean your titanium jewelry in three simple steps:\n1. Fill a bowl with lukewarm water, and add some mild dishwashing liquid.\n2. Soak your titanium ring or other jewelry in the solution for about 5 minutes, and then gently rub the dirt off the pieces with a soft cloth.\n3. After your jewelry is clean, rinse it with water and dry it with a clean towel (leaving titanium pieces to air dry may cause them to spot).\nTitanium can also be cleaned using ammonia (you can use Windex, which contains ammonia) or jewelry cleaning solutions sold at the store.\nYou can also clean your titanium jewelry in an ultrasonic cleaner. However, keep in mind that it is not recommended for your metal pieces to be in contact with the hard surface of the ultrasonic device during the cleaning.\nOne solution is to hang your titanium rings and other items on a rubber-covered cup hook screwed into a wine cork; then, float the suspended jewelry in the cleaning liquid so that the piece doesn\u2019t touch the bottom of the container.\nWarning: If your rings or other jewelry pieces are made of colored (anodized) titanium, you should only use soap, water and ammonia (or Windex) on them; harsher cleaning solutions can discolor anodized titanium.\nCleaning Colored Titanium\nWhen cleaning titanium jewelry that has been anodized to change its color, you should be especially careful: Rubbing anodized titanium hard or scrubbing it may damage the piece\u2019s colored layer.\nTo clean colored titanium rings or other jewelry, follow these steps:\n1. First, soak the jewelry in a solution of warm water and mild soap for several minutes to remove dirt. However, do not scrub the pieces or you may damage their colored layer. Rinse the jewelry with water.\n2. Next, soak the items for a couple of minutes in ammonia or Windex. Clean them by patting gently with a clean towel while applying very light pressure, as if you were cleaning your glasses. Do not scrub the jewelry as hard rubbing may damage its oxide layer, which gives the piece its color.\n3. Rinse the jewelry with water, and pat the items dry with", "What services does Eddy Company, LLC provide related to investment accounts", "news releases and articles. The suggested length is 400 words, but submissions of\nany length will be considered. Submissions may be sent via email firstname.lastname@example.org.\nPlease note that e-mailed articles should be pasted or typed into the body of the message; please do not send attachments.\nWe read all submissions promptly and will contact you within three business days if we are going to publish your article.\nIf you have not heard from us within three business days, please assume that we will not be able to publish your article", "Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. in Sarasota, FL\nGlenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. is a medium-sized nursing home facility in SARASOTA, Florida ( Sarasota county ). They have 61 beds and house 54 residents. Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. participates in Medicare and are classified as a Non profit - Corporation ownership. They offer residential councils. They are not located inside of a hospital. They do not belong to a continuing care community.\nAdditional information about Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. can be viewed by clicking one of the links above for directions and maps, inspection / survey results, and penalty enforcements. Quality of care, resident ratings and reviews, nursing home comparison scores, and other service information can be reviewed below. They can be visited or contacted at 7333 Scotland Way, 34238 in Sarasota Florida and can be reached at (941) 552-3603.\n|Resident and Family Ratings|\nHow would you rate your overall experience with\nGLENRIDGE ON PALMER RANCH INC.\n|Please view our Glossary of Nursing Home Terms if you are unsure what any of the terms below mean.|\nName: Glenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc.\nNursing Home ID Number: 106063\nStreet: 7333 SCOTLAND WAY\nZip Code: 34238\nPhone Number: (941) 552-3603\nHealth Care Participation: Medicare\nType of Ownership: Non profit - Corporation\nIs it inside a hospital?: No\nResident and/or Family Councils: Resident\nIs it a Special Focus facility (more frequent inspections)?: No\nIs it part of a Continuing Care Facility?: Yes\nGlenridge On Palmer Ranch Inc. provides an average of 1.13 registered nurse hours, 0.57 Licensed practical nurse / LVN hours, and 2.97 CNA hours per day per resident.\n|Additional Care Home Services|\nMedicare participation for Glenridge On Palmer", "What exhibits highlights of the Central Coast and who is the artist", "What significant change did a woman who was once morbidly obese achieve in her weight", "a clean, soft towel. You can also use a can of compressed air to blow your pieces dry. Do not leave titanium to air dry if you don\u2019t want your jewelry to look spotted afterwards.\nIf you notice any discoloration in your anodized titanium jewelry, you can have it anodized again: Jewelers who work with titanium often offer such a service for a fee.\nCleaning Titanium Rings with Gemstones\nYou should be careful when cleaning titanium jewelry containing gemstones: Many gems can be damaged by ultrasonic cleaners or some jewelry cleaning solutions, so these options are not recommended unless you are certain that they are safe for your stones.\nChoose a cleaning method that is appropriate for the particular gemstones you have and will not damage them. Diamonds are quite durable, but softer gems should be handled with care. For example, pearls and opals are especially vulnerable.\nIf you are not sure how your stones should be cleaned, err on the side of caution: Do not soak your gemstone jewelry in water, and only use a soft, damp cloth to wipe dirt off your stones.\nWearing Titanium Jewelry\nAs you wear your titanium jewelry, it will inevitably scratch over time. Although this metal is very durable and hard to damage, it is not completely scratch resistant.\nThis is why you should remove your titanium rings and other jewelry when engaging in activities that can expose your items to the risk of bumps, hits and damage.\nIf your titanium ring contains other metals such as gold or platinum, avoid wearing it when you are in the shower or in the swimming pool. The chlorine found in the water can damage the other metals in your titanium jewelry.\nPolishing Titanium Rings and Other Jewelry\nIf your titanium jewelry is not very dirty, you can just polish it using a polishing cloth, which you can buy at any jewelry store.\nTo remove small scratches from your titanium rings or other jewelry, you can polish your pieces using cream metal polish: Rub the cream onto the piece using a soft cloth, and then rinse the polish with water and mild soap.\nAlternatively, you can take your titanium pieces to a jewelry store and have them polished by a professional.\nCredit: Special thanks to Bill Seeley, President of Reactive Metals Studio, who provided expert advice for this article", "In the quest for the perfect Spring/Summer wedge, I came across the adorable Riva sandal from Mark + James by Badgley Mischka. However, at over $250, the price tag was a bit hard to swallow.\nThe actual shoe is available for sal"]}