{"q_indices": [116, 89, 72, 50, 36, 55, 80, 96, 86, 35, 20, 110, 41, 109, 19, 9, 122, 49, 62, 87, 81, 106, 127, 95, 64, 11, 114, 44, 118, 12, 105, 124, 58, 2, 24, 88, 10, 123, 39, 83, 42, 29, 43, 13, 30, 68, 8, 66, 125, 31, 28, 1, 48, 75, 38, 57, 78, 71, 56, 98, 85, 3, 99, 94], "a_indices": [84, 61, 69, 126, 63, 51, 16, 33, 18, 6, 82, 97, 79, 77, 14, 115, 60, 5, 37, 40, 32, 76, 108, 100, 27, 45, 102, 53, 34, 119, 21, 120, 23, 22, 121, 54, 91, 104, 4, 15, 117, 112, 101, 93, 111, 46, 90, 107, 92, 25, 113, 67, 103, 7, 65, 59, 74, 17, 52, 47, 0, 73, 70, 26], "texts": ["Bishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College is an offshoot of the Bishop Cotton Girls\u2019 School and carries with it a rich tradition of more than 150 years of experience in imparting education. Bishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College was established in 1985 by the CSI TA Karnataka Central Diocese (Church of South India) with a mission to serve the educational needs of women in our society. Character formation, academic excellence and service to the student community are our goals. While the institution is open to students from different communities, nationalities and economic status, its commitment is in accordance to the avowed intentions of the founders, which is to provide education and opportunities for the upward mobility of the Christian community.\nThe Chairman, members of the Board of Management, Principal and the faculty of Bishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College, work tirelessly to forward the vision and the mission of the institution. The college has a self\u2013contained campus, with 100 faculty members, 2200 students and 40 administrative and support staff. It comprises several departments in various disciplines of Arts, Science and Commerce with state-of-the-art laboratory and library facilities. The Bishop, Karnataka Central Diocese and Chairman, Board of Management, Rt. Rev. Dr Prasanakumar Samuel, is a visionary leader. A progressive Board, faculty with academic exper", "What are the additional options available besides funnel cakes according to the text", "What factors should be considered when designing a logo for a lounge compared to a bar or nightclub", "What is the motto of Bishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College and what does it signify for the students", "The Pediatric Hospitalist Fellowship Program is designed to train candidates as diverse, qualified, well rounded physicians for a pediatric hospitalist career in an academic/tertiary care center or community hospital practice.\nThe long-term goals of the fellowship are to provide high quality training in patient and family-oriented hospitalized care, and to provide opportunities for additional growth in Hospital Medicine research and quality improvement endeavors. In addition, the program aims to develop fellows into future leaders in teaching, leadership, advocacy, and hospital administration.\nThe training rotations, opportunities, and focus areas are directed toward the culturally sensitive care of acutely ill, hospitalized children and their families in the diverse setting of beautiful Miami.\nThe Nicklaus Children's Hospital Pediatric Hospitalist Fellowship Program is a two-year postdoctoral program. Eligible candidates include postdoctoral trainees (with M.D. or D.O. degrees) who have completed a minimum of 3 year Pediatric or 4 year Med-Peds residency training at an ACGME-accredited residency program. Program candidates must be U.S. citizens or Permanent Residents. The program will recruit one trainee per year to start the first week of July of every academic year.\nThe pediatric hospitalist fellow will spend about 40% of their two-year training in non-clinical activities (e.g. research, QI, and teaching), 40% in clinical work, and 20% on an individualized curriculum based on their elective rotations.\nEach fellows has a Career Mentor and a Research Mentor. The Career Mentor is typically the fellowship director, but maybe another hospitalist within the division, who meets with the fellow on a regular basis to help with career development including their leadership and teaching skills. The Research Mentor is a faculty member who has expertise in the fellow's research focus area. They may include hospitalists as well as other sub-specialists within the institution. Both the Career and Research Mentors report back to the Scholarship Oversight Committee (SOC) and the Clinical Competency Committee (CCC) on the progress of each fellow.\nThe fellows will function as junior faculty and participate in residents' morning reports, medical student lectures, Grand Rounds, Radiology conferences and other didactic lectures. They are expected to participate in the annual PHM Conference, the PHM annual Fellow\u2019s Conference, as well as the institution\u2019s annual Research Day.\nSalary and Benefits\nCompensation is commensurate with ACGME-equivalent programs.\nIn order to tailor the training to the fellow's area(s) of interest, he/she will be required to choose a focus area from the following list:\n- Clinical Informatics\n- Medical Education / Curriculum Development\n- Care Coordination / Case Management\n- Patient Safety / Medical Errors / Hand-off\n- Sedation / Pain Management\n- Global Health\nThe chosen focus area will dictate:\n- Research project topic\n- QI project\n- Hospital Committee assignments\nThe fellow will have mandatory didactics spread over the course of the year. These include:\n- The Common Fe", "ty University of New York. Currently she was President of the Cultural Studies Association 2010-2012. Her books include Beyond Biopolitics: Essays in the Governance of Life and Death, with Craig Willse (eds.) Duke University Press, (2011), The Affective Turn: Theorizing the Social with Jean Halley. Durham: Duke University Press (2007), Autoaffection (2000),Feminist Thought (1995) and The End(s) of Ethnography (1992, revised 1998).\nWho Feel the Most Pain?\nby Matt Mullican, Artist\nPerformance lecture about a body of his works from the 1970\u00b4s to today.\nMatt Mullican is an artist and a professor of Visual Art, Art Academy Hamburg (HFBK). He deals with questions of perception of reality, fiction and the imaginary and the possibilities of its representation", "ight Star,\" featuring Grammy Award winners Steve Martin and Eddie Brickell. A limited number of seats are available.\nAn Appalachian Summer Festival at ASU kicks off a summer of arts each year for the Boone area. From June through August, take in a variety of summer performances, such as the classic, Revolutionary War era outdoor drama, Horn In The West, regional music acts at The Jones House and in the Valle Crucis Community Park, and visit the many art galleries, art supply shops, craft artisan studios, and museum exhibits in downtown Boone, Blowing Rock, and surrounding communities.\nAn Appalachian Summer Festival's Schaefer Popular Music Series\nAmong this season's dazzling variety of art programming, the Schaefer Popular Music Series lineup includes Kool & The Gang, I'm With Her, Shaken and Stirred with Michael Feinstein & Storm Large, The Hot Sardines, Rhiannon Giddens, and Kristin Chenoweth.\nWatch for more announcements at ExploreBoone.com as the time of the festival approaches", "ppeals you could be losing even more revenue. \u201cWe have received better reimbursement on the appeal than we when the claim was originally processed\u201d Dana B., Accounts Receivable Specialist.\nWhen the backend processes are in place Medorizon turns its attention to front end or point of contact where the claim starts:\n3. Patient interaction\nLike mentioned above Medorizon believes that rather than focusing on billing claims in revenue cycle management it is important to work together for a common goal. When the office is the main point of patient contact it only makes sense to direct attention how information is collected and updated. One study showed that incorrect or missing information that was not collected during front end registration extended the life of the claim by 90 days. Tim Tobin, CEO explains \u201cwe help with workshops and annual visits to help our clients stay current on intake methods and changes. Not every patient has the same coverage so it is especially important to pre-certify that your services will be covered\u201d. If your staff is not calling to verify benefits you could lose up to 50% due to denial for no \u201cpre-authorization\u201d. When a precertification is documented it increases the appeal potency and could bring you more revenue because of documentation. The final focus is the patient interaction, with larger deductable and copay\u2019s the patient portion is a very important way to increase cash flow. \u201cThe way you can increase your patient collections is with ongoing staff training along with solid company policies posted in your office\u201d Keith Tobin, VP. This job takes a strong and sensitive person, they need to understand that once the patient is gone without paying their copay or bill the chances of collecting go down to 10%\nMedorizon has grown to a 60-employee organization, reaching sales several million dollars annually. Our staff manages the billing and collection process for hundreds of providers throughout the United States. They can help you increase your revenue as much as 30% in 90days", "What advantages does Allan Block offer for building retaining walls", "What types of resources and services are mentioned in the text segment", "What parameters were used during the installation of Autodesk Design Review 2011 to try and disable the marketing dialog box", "How did Brown's experiences with illness and his satisfaction with Catholicism influence his literary development", "What factors contributed to the rise of the DAX 30 index", "What changes will CBS and Turner implement for the coverage of the Final Four starting next year", "We have the means to create prototypes in a variety of materials including zinc, aluminum, plastic, or steel; giving you the flexibility to test concepts quickly. Finishes include clear zinc, corrosion-resistant, black electroplate, and white electrocoat.\nWorldwide Capability for a Rapid", "llowship Curriculum lecture series: A series of educational topics common to all fellows such as: Adult learning theory, teaching how to teach, evaluation and feedback, dealing with the problem learner, Evidence-Based Medicine (EBM), preparing creative lectures, abstracts, presentations, workshops and posters, professionalism, research methods, biostatistics, to name a few. These occur monthly and are required for all Nicklaus Children's Hospital fellows.\n- Institutional Fellows Research Mini-course\n- Nicklaus CME series: Attend weekly Grand Rounds and Radiology conferences.\n- Hospitalist Division Lectures: Present in the Division\u2019s Journal Club, Root-Cause analysis, and Morbidity and Mortality meetings. Attend faculty led lectures with a focus on the business of medicine, caring for complex care patients, difficult conversations and more.\n- Web-based modules on practice management - (IPM) Introduction to the Practice of Medicine Modules from the AMA\n- IHI QI training\n- Simulation Sessions and Procedure Rotation\n- Pediatric Hospital Medicine Board Review and Self-Assessment Course in PGY-5 year\n- Pediatric Fundamentals of Critical Care Course\nEach fellow will also be required to participate in the following:\n- Serve on two Hospital committees ( Evidence Based Council and one chosen committee based on the fellow\u2019s focus area)\n- Attend the annual PHM Conference, the PHM annual Fellow\u2019s Conference, as well as the institution\u2019s Research Day\n- Completion of one QI cycle per academic year\n- Completion of a Research Project based on their focus area at the end of training\nHow to Apply\nOur institution requires applicants to submit the Pediatric Hospitalist Medicine Common Application Form, which can also be found on the phmfellows.org website. In addition, we require applicants to send us a CV and three (3) letters of recommendation. Applications will be accepted from July 1st to October 1st, 2019 for the 2020 appointment year. Once applications are reviewed, selected applicants will be contacted to schedule an on-campus interview.\nAll Pediatric Hospitalist Medicine Fellowships participate in the Pediatric Specialties Match. Please take note of the following 2019 NRMP dates:\n- September 25, 2019 - Match opens\n- December 4, 2019 \u2013 Rank order list deadline\n- December 18, 2019 - Match Day\nAdditional information can be found at www.nrmp.org/fellowships/pediatrics-specialties-match.\nPlease visit PHMFellows.org\nfor additional information on Pediatric Hospitalist Fellowships.\nAbout Our Team\nThe Pediatric Hospitalist Division began in 1997 and has had over 20 years of continuous growth. Currently, our group consists of 12 hospitalist attendings and a nurse practitioner. Our clinicians also work in the Global Health, Hospital Administration, Medical Education, Quality, and Sedation departments within the institution. All attendings are board certified in Pediatrics and are assistant clinical faculty at Florida International University, Herbert Wertheim College of Medicine. The division manages over 7,000 admissions per year at NCH and boast a high complex and diverse pathology patient case mix", "As doctors work to decrease opioid prescriptions for pain, they may start following the lead of a California hospital that is effectively using virtual reality to help its patients feel better.\nHoag Hospital in Newport Beach is one of the first hospitals in the country to use virtual reality (VR) technology treatment outside of clinical trial settings.\nDr. Robert Louis, neurosurgeon and Director of the Skull Base and Pituitary Tumor Program at the Pickup Family Neurosciences Institute at Hoag Hospital, is at the forefront of finding VR applications for the healthcare setting. He began using Surgical Theatre about five years ago to map out and rehearse brain surgeries.\nSurgical Theatre allows surgeons to virtually fly through a patient\u2019s brain and study it from every angle.\n\u201cAs I told patients about it, the patient engagement started to catch on,\u201d says Louis. \u201cThey would say, \u2018Can I see it?\u2019 So we started putting patients in VR to understand the plan for surgery. They fly through their own brain and we explain what we\u2019ll do in surgery. It decreases anxiety and makes it easier to understand for the patient.\u201d\nUsing virtual reality to manage pain\nDr. Louis\u2019s interest in VR didn\u2019t stop in the operating room. He\u2019s passionately focused on integrating this technology in other ways in the healthcare setting.\nHe says there have been countless, well-researched studies that show VR can effectively treat acute and chronic pain and decrease the use of opioids.\nHe cites a 2017 randomized trial at Cedars-Sinai that reported an average 3 point reduction on a scale of 0-10 for pain definition when patients were treated with virtual reality.\n\u201cIf you tell a nurse that you\u2019re a 7 or 8 on that pain scale, you\u2019ll most likely get fentanyl or morphine, but if you say you\u2019re a 3 or 4, you\u2019ll receive Tylenol,\u201d Louis explains.\nBeing able to lower the pain in a non-invasive, risk-free way can be instrumental in avoiding potential opioid addiction.\n\u201cThere\u2019s a ton of research, but no other hospitals have really rolled VR out as a treatment for patients,\u201d he says.\nJust as they were getting started implementing VR therapy at Hoag Hospital, the Covid-19 pandemic came into play and they had to take a step back. They ultimately decided to purchase the headsets and roll out to non-Covid patients who were already adm", "school at the beginning of 2008 and she died in May.\nSocial workers told the court they had seen Ishaq in February, 2008, but were not allowed into the house. However, they reported they had no concerns about her health.\nWhile Tony Howell, strategic director of children, young people and families, expressed regret that the council had been \u201cunable to save\u201d Khyra, he said the community had a role to play as well.\n\u201cAnother major concern that has come out of the trial is that many people in the local community were aware, or had suspicions, that all was not right in the home where Khyra died, yet no-one felt able to alert any of the authorities,\u201d he said. \u201cWe are currently addressing how through closer relationships with communities, we can get a clear and strong message about how those communities and public agencies can work better together on this important issue.\u201d\nHowell said the community had to be the \u201ceyes and ears\u201d for social services.\nLocal MP Khalid Mahmood has called for a public inquiry into social services handling of the case.\nProsecutors in the case accepted the plea of diminished responsibility after psychiatric reports showed Gordon was suffering depression and schizophrenia. The pair will be sentenced next week.", "Kristin Chenoweth, Rhiannon Giddens, I'm With Her, Kool & The Gang and more!\nAppalachian State University's Office of Arts and Cultural Programs will showcase a stellar lineup of music, dance and theatre performances, art exhibits, workshops, films, talks and other special events during the 34th annual An Appalachian Summer Festival set for summer 2018. The annual event has been recognized in recent years as one of the Top 20 Events in the Southeast by the Southeast Tourism Society.\nThe month-long celebration of the arts is scheduled to kick off July 1, 2018, and will take place in a variety of venues on the ASU campus in the downtown Boone area. Tickets are available now, and a \"Pick 5\" package deal offers 10% savings. The celebration runs through August 4, 2018.\nAs part of the series of events, An Appalachian Summer Festival will host a special, June 30th theatre bus trip to the Blumenthal in Charlotte to see a matinee performance of five-time Tony-nominated Broadway musical, \"Br", "What types of materials can prototypes be created from", "What qualities and experiences does Felicity Bryan attribute to Rosamunde Pilcher in the tribute", "Now in stock!\nRon Carter bass lines\nThis is your chance to get ALL of the bass lines from the popular play-a-long \"Vol. 12 Duke Ellington!\" Here you will find Ron's bass lines to many of the most well-known standards ever written, including Satin Doll, Take The A Train,", "ns on Design.\nBar & Nightclub Logo Design- The Design Effect\nThe image and design above gives any customer the enthusiastic feeling of walking in to this particular bar for the kind of entertainment displayed. And that is the goal to reach when designing a logo for the bar and nightclub industry. However adding effects to images can display the kind of satisfaction that people have had and are having! For example the image above if given a florescent effect to portray what has happened and could be happening would leave the viewer\u2019s mind thirsty for more.\nBar & Nightclub Logo Design \u2013 Diverse Designs\nIf you own a Lounge instead of Bar or a Night Club then your design and logo concept has to be more professional, serious and elegant rather than the Bold and Playful effect. What you have shouldn\u2019t necessarily be on display, but adding a hint to your design as to what you can offer relates to intelligent designing.\nIn the same manner of style you may own a Cigar Lounge, or a sports bar, integration of images is a great median of communicating what you have to offer directly to your consumers. While designing an elegant logo your designer will verify the kind of font being used. Brush Script, Castellar and Sans Serif almost always score. The colours play a significant role likewise, with mostly dark and electrifying colours from that of pitch black, blood red to bottle green and ocean blue. All transcend to entertainment psychologically.", "An elegant yet attractive Bar & Nightclub Logo Design that which corresponds security, care, entertainment, good ambience and terrific surround sound would be any professional logo designer\u2019s vision. Most nightclub logos would want to convey entertainment directly so that their audience is cemented on stepping in no matter how much a single vodka martini would cost. This is one industry which doesn\u2019t care about a certain target audience- as long as you are 18 and above!\nBar & Nightclub Logo Design- Let it Talk, Let it Rock!\nAs per the 2015, the world\u2019s 50 best bars rating and awards, honoured PDT (Please don\u2019t tell) bar, New York as the number 1 in entertainment and drinks! Some of their reviews were as followed:\n\u201cDelicious craft cocktails with pretty cool bartenders.\u201d\n\u201cThe David Chang hot dog piled high with kimchee was to die for.\u201d\n\u201cThe coolest speakeasy experience, entering through a phone booth.\u201d\nA fun and frolic hideout for those who would like to completely forget their weekdays!\nHowever what does a logo have to do with drinks or the bartender \u2013 EVERYTHING!\nThe reason people are attracted in the first place is your company logo- It has to have that mysterious effect and outstanding display of an exotic and unique nature luring even those who aren\u2019t interested. The logo has almost everything to do in selling, attracting and infusing entertainment. It\u2019s not only the first impression but also a long lasting word of mouth for Retur", "What event did disabled people from Kochi come together to protest in the last week of December 2019", "tour. The track is available to stream exclusively through the Neil Young Archives website and app here.\nThe second new track from Neil Young Archives Vol. II\n\u2014 Neil Young Archives (@NeilYoungNYA) October 21, 2020\nNeil Young is also set to release a new live album, entitled Return to Greendale, next month alongside an accompanying concert film. The project chronicles the tour behind Young and Crazy Horse\u2019s 2003 rock opera Greendale.\nFor more music news, click here", "Torres Strait Islander and Maori communities are advised that this catalogue contains names and images of deceased people. All users of the catalogue should also be aware that certain words, terms or descriptions may be culturally sensitive and may be considered inappropriate today, but may have reflected the author's/creator's attitude or that of the period in which they were written", "Am Bratach No. 251\nGeorge Mackay Brown: The\nWound and the Gift by Ron Ferguson, Saint Andrew Press,\nDespite their differences, they became friends and Ferguson has written a sympathetic but not uncritical biography, one that focuses on Browns spirituality and its relationship to the all too material demons that haunted him.\nThe book is divided into four sections. In the first part, he looks at his early life, focusing on the beginnings of his spiritual quest; the second primarily uses Browns own writings to examine his spirituality; the third examines relationships between art and suffering; and the final section concentrates on his ageing and his death. As well as using Browns own writings as a resource, Ferguson also interviews a wide range of people, some of whom knew him, some of whom were fellow writers and some of whom help to shed light on his possible state of mind at various stages. He also quotes from Browns correspondence, particularly the letters between him and his one time fianc\u00e9, Stella Cartwright.\nHe met Cartwright during his time in Edinburgh (one of the rare occasions he spent much time away from Orkney) in the 1950s, when he was part of the male dominated Rose Street literary crowd. Like Brown, Cartwright was an alcoholic, and she spent much time in the company of poets like Norman MacCaig, Stanley Roger Green and Hugh MacDiarmid, and had affairs with some of them. Ferguson describes Brown and Cartwright as being an odd couple, this shy, coughing poet from a poor island background, and this upper-class lover of poetry and of certain poets.\nWhen he returned to Orkney, he continued to correspond with Cartwright until her lonely death in 1985, aged 48. Though he did not attend her funeral, his letters to her attest to his fondness and concern for her. As we are taken through these letters, we get an insight into his guilt and the way this increased his addiction to alcohol. He expresses his guilt at the way he treats his mother, feels responsible for Cartwrights plight, regrets his own enslavement to John", "What is the cooking capacity of the Gold Medal 8050D FW-12 funnel cake fryer", "What are some suggested strategies for teachers to take on the role of a hero in their students' lives", "What is Karl's educational background", "What is the title of the new live album that Neil Young plans to release next month", "There\u2019s a little bit of heaven in every disaster area.\n\u2014-Hugh Romney aka Wavy Gravy, co-founder of Hog Farms\nGood morning! What we have in mind is breakfast in bed for four hundred thousand\n\u2014-The aforementioned eminently quotable Mr. Gravy\nReports vary as to exactly how many people were actually at Woodstock. Most estimates put it at somewhere between 4- 500,000. One official in New York \u2013 who did an aerial survey \u2013 swears it\u2019s closer to 700,000. It was impossible, he said, to count all the people under the trees. Regardless, it was \u2013 even if only temporarily \u2013 the third largest city in New York State.\nAnd given the fact that they barely had enough food and medical supplies for the 200,000 people they expected, the organizers approached the New York State Police to have the place declared a disaster area.\nAt first, Governor Nelson Rockefeller wanted to send in the National Guard to break the festival up. (Rockefeller was a total hard-ass and \u2013 outside of Richard Milhous Nixon \u2013 perhaps the most \u201cun-Woodstock\u201d person on earth.) The organizers convinced Rockefeller that this would only serve to provoke a confrontation with the National Guard. The disaster declaration was made.\nSo not only was a confrontation with the National Guard avoided, but in fact a local Air Force Base helped keep order and airlifted performers to and from the concert. Even Abbie Hoffman, about as radical and anti-war a guy as you could find, couldn\u2019t help but comment on how helpful the military were:\n\u201cThe people flying the helicopters were, of course, National Guard. And they were ready to go to Vietnam\u2026. And here we were, the antithesis. But when it came to things like saving lives and getting out good information\u2026.. the casual sex and \u2026 the fact we were against the war didn\u2019t matter. So in a sense, we were all Americans.\u201d\nMeanwhile, during the day, people were checking out information about various causes (\u201cStudents for a Democratic Society, Peaceniks, Motherfuckers, swamis, Meher Babaites\u201d), being led in yoga sessions and hanging on cars driving into town, flashing the peace sign at the smiling, incredulous townfolk.\nAt about 2 pm on Saturday, a then relatively unknown Santana came out. This appearance was prior to their first album. They were, in a sense, proteges of Fillmore impresario, Bill Graham. (Who was backstage much of the time.) Santana\u2019s performance is the stuff of legend and drummer Michael Shrieve\u2019s solo on \u201cSoul Sacrifice\u201d is renowned. (Shrieve, at 20, was one of the youngest performers at Woodstock.)\nThe whole band had done acid, not expecting to perform for a while. Carlos later said that his guitar strings looked like snakes so he is struggling to keep things under control. Carlos, perhaps to this day the performer most in tune with Woodstock values, later said:\n\u201cAt Woodstock I saw a collective adventure representing something that still holds true today. When the Berlin Wall came down, Woodstock was there. When Mandela was liberated, Woodstock was there. When we celebrated the year 2000, Woodstock was there. Woodstock is still every day.\u201d\nOne of the most famous \u2013 or infamous \u2013 events happened during The Who\u2019s performance. They performed most, if not all, of \u201cTommy.\u201d After \u201cPinball Wizard,\u201d a visibly agitated (and stoned, paranoid) Abbie Hoffman jumped", "itted to the hospital.\n\u201cThey couldn\u2019t have visitors and many were sitting in isolation,\u201d says Louis. \u201cIf a patient is alone in a hospital room, we can give them a chance to travel overseas to Bora Bora or go swimming with a dolphin. It\u2019s a distraction and it\u2019s calming.\u201d\nHospital administrators took some nurses who had been furloughed due to the pandemic and deployed a team of eight to help patients use the VR technology to ease their pain. In the past six weeks, they\u2019ve treated about 200 patients and Louis says they\u2019ve witnessed amazing results.\n\u201cSome have even told us, \u2018This gives me more relief than the morphine,\u2019\u201d he says.\nWhile some patients enjoy an up-close encounter with a virtual blue whale or visiting a new land, another VR experience includes seeing a dead tree. The patient is encouraged to take long, deep breaths. As their breathing becomes more relaxed, the tree begins to grow and bloom.\nThe average VR sessions range from 15 to 30 minutes. Louis says he doesn\u2019t like for patients to use the technology past the half-hour mark because it can cause cyber sickness or nausea.\nPatients rate their pain before and after each session.\nHe says the most compelling data comes from MRIs taken before and after some of the sessions that record the areas of the brain responsive to pain.\n\u201cThose areas decrease while being treated with VR as evidenced on the MRIs,\u201d Louis says.\nOther healthcare applications for VR\nDr. Louis says he\u2019s actively engaged in three areas: deploying, researching and developing new technologies that will cover all areas of the patient experience.\nA couple of examples: they\u2019ll send VR headsets home with some patients after surgery and they are developing a weekly educational experience to help women deal with all of the challenges of pregnancy. Each lesson will be paired with a fly through of her baby\u2019s development week by week and end with a guided meditation.\nLouis is also on a collaborative FDA committee to establish guidelines for VR to treat acute and chronic pain, and he\u2019s currently planning for a big event this fall.\n\u201cWe\u2019re hosting a VR and health care conference on October 10,\u201d he says. \u201cWe\u2019ll have known experts on using VR for pain from around the world.\u201d\nThis article originally appeared on Forbes.\nTo view the original post of this piece, visit Forbes.com", "Europe Roundup: Equities steady\nLONDON: Europe's leading stock markets mostly steadied yesterday after the previous day's strong gains, with traders cautious despite a possible deal aimed at preventing a US-led military attack on Syria.\nLondon's benchmark FTSE 100 index was off 0.10 per cent to 6,577.08 points in afternoon trading and the CAC 40 in Paris shed 0.15 per cent to 4,110.42 points. Frankfur", "What types of performances and events are included in the Appalachian Summer Festival at ASU", "How many Internet users signed up for the 'Koizumi Cabinet e-mail magazine' between June 9 and Friday afternoon", "The rally at the \u201cIsraeli\u201d Consulate located at 42d Street and 2d Avenue in New York City was a powerful indictment against \u201cisrael\u2019s\u201d war crimes and crimes against humanity in Palestine. The supporters of Palestine were very passionate and vocal in their condemnation of \u201cisrael\u2019s\u201d war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocidal attacks on Gaza.\nThe police were all on the Palestine support side. They harassed me (and others) at various points during the protest. We were herded into pens and were not allowed to walk on the block, stand on the corner or around the fruit vendor. One officer came very close to inappropriately touching a Muslim sister because she was standing beside a fruit vendor. On the other hand, the zionists were free to roam. Clearly maggot Bloomberg was protecting his own and tacitly letting the Arabs, Muslims and other supporters to Palestine know that they had better behave or risk police unpleasantness. SHAME ON ZIONIST MAGGOT MICHAEL BLOOMBERG !!\nThe protest went beyond two hours. I was not able to stay until the very end due to the fact that I have spinal fracture. I left only because I was in physical pain. Nevertheless, I am so proud of having been part of the protest and I send thanks to all the organiz", "What is the average summer temperature in the Eastern Cascades of Washington", "What are the long-term goals of the Pediatric Hospitalist Fellowship Program", "ations that participated for the sake of Palestine. Blessings to them all.\nAl-Awda: Palestine Right to Return Coalition \u2013\nNYAmerican Muslims for Palestine \u2013\nNYArab Muslim American Federation \u2013\nNY Muslim American Society \u2013\nNY International Action Center\nNew York University\nStudents for Justice in Palestine Brooklyn College \u2013\nStudents for Justice in Palestine Hunter College-\nStudents for Justice in Palestine \u2013\nSociety of American Egyptians \u2013\nInternational Socialist Organization-\nLabor for Palestine-\nCULTURES OF RESISTANCE NETWORK ANSWER\nCoalition International League of Peoples Struggle \u2013\nUS Existence is Resistance-\nJews for Palestinian Right of Return-\nNew York City Labor Against the War-\nJohn Jay Students for Justice in Palestine-\nAdvocates for Peace and Social Justice \u2013\nAlberto Lovera Bolivarian Circle of NY-\nRutgers University- Students for Justice in Palestine-\nColumbia University- Students for Justice in Palestine \u2013\nCoalition to Defend the Egyptian Revolution-\nAdalah NY \u2013\nGaza Gaza don\u2019t you cry.. Palestine will NEVER die!\nGaza will NOT go down ! It will survive to see VICTORY over the zionist apartheid threatening to consume it !\nLONG LIVE PALESTINE ARAB & FREE FROM THE RIVER TO THE SEA !\nAdvocates for Peace and Social Justice", "What are some elements from the novel 'The Regulators' that contribute to its classification as horror, and who are key characters involved in the conflict", "What is the significance of the lunchbox mentioned in the text, and how does it relate to the concept of heroes for students today", "How will CBS and Turner Sports manage the broadcast of the Final Four and NCAA Tournament games through 2024", "What were the main talking points and format used during the conference described in the text", "Barleycorn and urges Cartwright to renounce her affair with alcohol.\nBrown was diagnosed with TB at the age of 20, and at various times in his life the illness returned, undoubtedly not helped by his drinking and smoking. Ferguson suggests that this experience of ill health influenced both his literary and spiritual development.\nIn 1961, Brown became a Catholic, a move he had been contemplating for some time. Ferguson recounts Browns journey from his Presbyterian upbringing through his antipathy to Calvinism and his growing interest in Norse spirituality (both Pagan and Christian) and the eighteenth century Anglican metaphysical poets to embracing Catholicism. Ferguson, a Presbyterian, argues that the way Catholicism despite its internal divisions, regular changes of attitudes and at times unpalatable history has managed to remain intact as a world wide church attracted Brown. He contrasts this with the many divisions between Protestant denominations.\nIt is instructive that one of Browns favourite writers was the English Catholic novelist Graham Greene. Greenes greatest novel The Power and the Glory features an alcoholic priest on the run from a totalitarian government. The priest is flawed, often selfish, far from holy, yet has the courage to risk his own life by providing Communion to the poor. It is interesting that Ferguson, like Catholic doctrine (and Brown and Greene), does not believe the validity of sacramental action depends upon the character of the presiding minister.\nFerguson is, quite rightly, critical of much of Browns antipathy towards the Presbyterian tradition, which was often not only historically inaccurate, but sought to defend the indefensible. Yet despite this, the two remained friends, and Ferguson agreed that his church could be used for a Requiem Mass.\nThis moving and instructive book tells us a lot about one of our greatest writers; equally, we learn much about the author, who is one of the progressive and liberal clerics within the Church of Scotland. I would have loved to witness their debates.", "ded to much, but with care...\nExploring enlightenment and oneness.\nHave you experienced the great light inside?\nThen you, dislike lies and pretentions.\nYou should be younger,less than 65kg, less than 176 cm,\nnonsmoking, free off drugs.\nYou should be honest, express you expectations.\nWhat are your activities last week?\nWhat do your friends like most about you", "the world has enough exciting links and bonus games.\nKing Kong is a 5 reel, 20 Payline video slot game, its images and characters are published from 1933 to 2005 film \u201cKing Kong\u201c upgrade.\nJoin iBET Now, Enjoy \u201c918Kiss(SCR888) 1% Slot Games EXTENDED REBATE Unlimited Bonus\u201c.\nHow to play 918Kiss(SCR888), please refer 918Kiss(SCR888) slot game free download & betting Tutorial", "What are the three points of focus that Medorizon uses to assist physicians and facilities improve revenue and workflow", "What are the titles of some books written by the person currently serving as President of the Cultural Studies Association from 2010 to 2012", "What key phenomenon is explained by the model developed to interpret the NMR spectral results of water, and what notable achievement is made regarding spectral assignments", "e in 20 of Japan's Internet users.\n\"We should consider applying to the Guinness Book of Records,\" said Shinzo Abe, deputy chief cabinet secretary and editor-in-chief of the newsletter, who was excited by the large public demand.\n\"Since this is a government's magazine, it might be difficult to apply,\" said a Cabinet Office spokesman regarding Abe's comment.\nThe purpose of the magazine is to encourage more people to participate in politics, Koizumi said in a speech announcing the newsletter. The first edition includes an introductory article by Koizumi and essays from three ministers.\nThe magazine is delivered every Thursday to anybody who registers for a free subscription at the prime minister's Web site. Koizumi holds the position of executive editor.", "918Kiss(SCR888)(SKY888) King Kong Slot Game INFO\nFree Register iBET , Get Free Slot Bonus ()\nAbout 918Kiss(Scr888)(Sky888) King Kong Slot Game\nYou can try \u201cKing Kong\u201d newtown casino slot game for Free!You can also use the Newtown Casino mobile on your smartphone, enjoy newtown casino anytime!\nWhether you are in the jungle or in a big city, King Kong is the eighth wonder of", "unan, Jiangsu, Liaoning, Shandong, Shaanxi, and Zhejiang. Links between chapters largely involve thematic issues of work, households, and gender rather than data or methods per se, although there is some overlap in this regard for some chapters.\nShared topical focus and strong unifying themes help counterbalance this diversity. The conference generated a genuine sense of excitement about the topic and collegiality among participants. Part of the reason it worked so well was the innovative format, which assigned a larger than usual role to discussants and is reflected in the organization of this volume. The format for the conference emphasized both in-depth discussion of individual papers as well as more general and integrative discussion of papers in relation to one another. During the first morning, participants in each of the four sessions met separately for small-group discussion. Discussants provided detailed critiques of individual papers at this time. Authors also commented on each other's papers, which they had been asked to read in detail. These discussions were lively, interesting, and generative. All conference participants met together in the afternoon of the first day, and for the remaining one-and-a-half days of the conference. A half day was devoted to each of the four sessions. Papers had been made available in advance of the conference, so authors limited themselves to short, ten-minute summaries. Discussants followed, bringing out important perspectives and findings of individual papers and emphasizing general issues and unifying themes for the session. We include these remarks in the present volume at the end of the relevant section. One of the benefits of attending a conference is the opportunity to hear the discussant as well as general discussion. Authors have incorporated the detailed suggestions made by the discussants in the revised versions of their papers. The more general commentaries of the discussants are provided so that all can benefit from their larger view and insights.\n|\u3010\u5b57\u4f53\uff1a\u5927 \u4e2d \u5c0f\u3011\u3010\u6253\u5370\u3011\u3010\u5173\u95ed\u3011|", "t of attention. Over hundred people with disabilities participated in the event.\nNewzHook\u2019s final #StoryOfTheWeek for 2019 featured the thoughts and opinions of several people from the disability sector. They shared their highlights for 2019 and the one big wish for the coming year 2020.\nThis is all for this week\u2019s trending stories on NewzHook but do reach out to get your brand featured on NH Spotlight by mailing us at email@example.com.\nKeep reading NewzHook to get the latest news and share your stories at firstname.lastname@example.org.\nNewz Hook wishes its readers a very happy New Year!\nSupport us to make NewzHook Sustainable \u2013 Make a Contribution Today\nWe need your continued support to enable us work towards Changing Attitudes towards Disability. Help us in our attempt to share the voices of people with disabilities that enable them to participate in the society on an equal footing", "What is the purpose of the newsletter announced by Koizumi", "What is the King Kong slot game and where can it be played for free", "When is the heated pool open and what is special about the hot tub", "What are some elements that a successful nightclub logo should convey according to the text", "Our heated pool is open mid May through September and hot tub is open year around. There is nothing quite like relaxing in our hot tub overlooking the majestic Cascades on a clear , star filled evening inthe summer or the winter. Rather than experiencing our catch phrase \"1000 feet closer to heaven\",...you'll think your already there.", "Dialogue between Matt Mullican and Patricia T. Clough\nThe Calculative Aesthetic, Objects and Unconscious Desire in the Age of Big Data\nby Prof. Patricia T. Clough\nIn this presentation, I will address the contemporary concern with measure and big data. I will take up both the unconscious desire of childhood memory and the epistemological unconscious of sociological research in order to situate myself in the non-conscious and impersonal space of objects and the calculative aesthetic. This will allow for a reconsideration of the distinction of quantitative and qualitative measure as well as objects and systems.\nPatricia T. Clough: She is Professor of Sociology, Women\u2019s Studies, and Intercultural Studies at Queens College and the Graduate School of the Ci", "hey wander over many square miles to forage for food. In the GYE, pine nuts and other foods are critical for the bears to build their fat reserves in preparation for hibernation. Warmer temperatures in recent years have allowed diseases and beetles to spread, wiping out pines and greatly reducing the availability of this important food source. This is leading to more conflicts with humans as the bears look for alternative sources of food, like trash dumps.\nHibernation generally takes place from November to March in Yellowstone (shorter farther south, and longer farther north). As with black bears, they enter a period of hyperphagia in the months leading up to hibernation and put on several pounds of fat every day. If a female has a fertilized egg, implantation in the uterus will be delayed until December and will only occur if the mother has gained enough weight to support herself and her babies until the spring.\nOnce the hungry bears leave their winter dens, the carcasses that were left behind either by harsh winter conditions or the predation of wolves are their primary food. They will also hunt young elk that are still small and vulnerable. As the summer progresses and young elk gain in strength and speed, they switch their feeding to easier prey of grubs, mushrooms, plants\nGRIZZLY-WOLF INTERACTIONSFor the most part, grizzlies and wolves avoid each other. However, wolf kills are an important source of protein for grizzly bears, as wolves are far better hunters. Because of this, the reintroduction of wolves to the park has been beneficial to grizzly bears. If a bear decides to take over a kill from a pack of wolves, it is very unlikely that the wolves will be able to displace the bear unless there are cubs present. A mother with cubs will often leave a kill to protect her young.\nHeader Credit: Henry Holdsworth", "What was the main focus of the rally at the Israeli Consulate in New York City", "Could Junichiro Koizumi, Japan's most popular prime minister in years, be the Internet's most popular author? Koizumi, who entered office in April, surprised his opponents two weeks ago when he said he planned to start a regular e-mail newsletter. The \"Koizumi Cabinet e-mail magazine\" distributed its first edition on Thursday and delivered another surprise: between the opening of the subscription list on June 9 and Friday afternoon, 1.35 million Internet users had signed up to receive the newsletter, the Cabinet Office said.\nNetRatings Japan estimates there are 28.3 million Internet users in the country. On this basis, the current subscription total -- which has jumped by half a million after media coverage of the first edition -- represents around on", "What are the four sections of Ron Ferguson's biography of George Mackay Brown, and what do they focus on", "Heated Swimming Pool\nPlace mouse over image for larger view\nWashington is often thought of as damp andrainy, but not true over here in the Eastern Cascades! Just 2 1/2 hours from Seattle the climate changes drastically. The warmth and sunshine welcome you here on the \"dry side\" of the mountains. Summer temperatures average in the 80's.", "What are the steps involved in the construction process of an Allan Block retaining wall", "just funnel cakes, with some other options including elephant ears and French waffles.\n- 27-lb. oil capacity\n- Cooks 4 cakes at a time, 100 per hour\n- Drainboard and drain standard\n- UL and NSF approved\nFW-12 Funnel Cake Fryer, electric, 27 lb. oil capacity, (4) funnel cake capacity, drain board & drain, 24 amps/30 amp plug, 5500 watts, 208/240v, NEMA 6-30P, UL, NSF listed\n*The warranty will not be honored for residential or non-commercial use of any Commercial Equipment.\nGold Medal 8050D SpecificationsPDF Spec Sheet\n|Capacity||(4) 8\" Cakes", "What qualities should a person possess according to this text segment", "\u00b9H MAS NMR Spectral Coalescence of Water and Hydroxyl Resonances in MCM-41\nMetadataShow full item record\nSolid state \u00b9H MAS NMR spectroscopy was used to investigate the temperature and hydration dependance of water and hydroxyl proton spectra of hydrated mesoporous MCM-41. The NMR spectra show a complex peak structure, with hydroxyl proton resonances seen in dry MCM-41 disappearing as water is introduced into the pores, and new peaks appearing representing water and hydrated silanol groups. Until now the assignment of these peaks was unclear and the consensus was that magnetization exchange played an important role in the coalescence of the various peaks which appear in the spectra. It was found recently that magnetization exchange is not necessary to produce the spectral featured observed [Niknam, M., M.Sc. Thesis, University of Waterloo (2010)]. In the present study a simplified", "National Library of Australia\nEncyclopaedia americana : A popular dictionary of arts, sciences, literature, history, politics and biography, brought down to the present time; including a copious collection of original articles in American biography; on the bases of the 7th ed. of the German Conversations-lexico / Ed. by Francis Lieber, assisted by E. Wigglesworth\nMembers of Aboriginal,", "What did social workers report about Ishaq's health when they saw her in February 2008", "What technique was used to investigate the proton spectra of hydrated mesoporous MCM-41 in this study", "tise, vibrant student community, an efficient administration, and support staff have all contributed to the growth of the institution.\nThe path trodden by the institution is illumined by a spirit of commitment to excellence. The College envisions itself as being a charismatic educational institution addressing the multiple challenges thrown at students by society.\nBishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College stands faithful to its motto \u201cNec Dextrorsum Nec Sinistrorsum\u201d, an extract from the Bible and a commandment given by God to Joshua, the new leader of the Israelites. Joshua was instructed not to lose his focus, to be determined and confident, turning neither to the right nor to the left but always moving \u201cOn Straight On\u201d. Based on this precept, the young women who enter our portals are challenged to embrace the highest levels of integrity and justice; to be humane and constructive members of society.\nBishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College recognizes the need to move forward. In true Cottonian spirit, the college looks to new horizons, re-dedicating itself to the cause of women\u2019s empowerment. The institution encourages individuals to think and act as ethical leaders who help in the creation of a new order based on human dignity, equality and opportunity with social, political and economic justice. It will send into the world, women of substance, worthy of a place in society", "A High Court judge has concluded that Khyra Ishaq, the seven-year-old girl who starved to death at home in May 2008, would still be alive if there had been an adequate initial assessment by social services, it has been reported.\nThe revelation came at the end of the re-trial of Ishaq\u2019s mother Angela Gordon, 35, and her partner Junaid Abuhamza, 31, in the Birmingham Crown Court this week when prosecutors accepted manslaughter pleas from both on the basis of psychiatric reports presented late in the original murder trial.\nMrs Justice King made the remarks in care proceedings last year involving Khyra\u2019s siblings. She said Khyra\u2019s death \u201cwas caused by and is the responsibility of her mother\u201d and her partner, but added: \u201cOn the evidence before the court I can only conclude that in all probability, had there been an adequate initial assessment and proper adherence by the educational welfare services to its guidance, Khyra would not have died,\u201d it has been reported in newspapers today.\nBirmingham Local Children\u2019s Safeguarding Board has yet to complete a serious case review into the case of Ishaq, who died of severe malnutrition after her mother starved her and her five siblings as a punishment. The seven-year-old had been taken out of", "What strategies does Medorizon employ to improve patient interactions and increase revenue", "on stage and started preaching about freeing activist John Sinclair who had received a ten year prison sentence for a couple of joints.\nPete Townshend, not knowing who he was, whacked him with his guitar and told him to \u201cget the fuck off my fucking stage.\u201d (Townshend didn\u2019t want to do the festival anyway and was not the world\u2019s biggest peace/love guy. He later said he sympathized with the cause but not with Hoffman\u2019s random act.)\nMichael Lang: \u201cMore important than politics was community. All these different people coming together and getting along, sharing. .. Though crowds were queued up at the Portosans and phone banks, no one seemed to mind. People were calling and telling their friends how great things were. Word started to get out that the picture was quite different from what was being painted by the media.\u201d\nOne of the cool things I saw in the movie was when Canned Heat played. As they were doing a blues, some guy from the audience jumped up and started hugging singer Bob Hite. Instead of security coming in and getting rid of him \u2013 or Hite doing a Townshend \u2013 he just let the guy hang out and even lit his cigarette with his lighter.\nDespite the folky-countryish sound of \u201cGoing up the Country,\u201d Canned Heat actually were a blues band who in their zeal for the genre, gave themselves nicknames like \u201cBear\u201d and \u201cBlind Owl.\u201d But I think this song captures the feel of some of what was going on at Woodstock as well as anything:\nSly and the Family Stone absolutely killed at this show. Carlos Santana said it was the peak of the festival, music-wise. The clip here is only a small portion of what they did but it\u2019s still pretty great.\nReports are that Janis Joplin and Grace Slick of Jefferson Airplane were dancing together to Sly. (History has failed to record this momentous event so I will compensate by gratuitously publishing a picture of the two most awesome ladies of rock, ever:)\nAs part of advertising for the festival, Artie Kornfeld had put together a flyer. It read, in part, \u201cIf you like creative knicknacks and old junk, you\u2019ll love roaming around our bazaar. You\u2019ll see imaginative leather, ceramic, bead and silver creations, as well as Zodiac Charts, camp clothes, and worn out shoes.\u201d So now Woodstock had everything Michael Lang loved \u2013 music, community and boutique crafts.\nJanis Joplin was still getting the kinks out of her new band. So her overall performance wasn\u2019t considered as tight as some others. (In fact, none of her tunes made the original soundtrack album.) But I can find no reason not to love \u201cWork Me Lord,\u201d a song written for her by friend and bluesman Nick Gravenites:\nIt rained again during the Grateful Dead\u2019s set. (The Dead, by pretty much everybody\u2019s account including their own, sucked that night). It\u2019s kinda funny in the film to hear some attendees blaming the \u201cfascist pigs\u201d for seeding the clouds to make it rain.\nThe Jefferson Airplane ended Saturday night by playing for 1 1/2 hours on Sunday morning! (I just want to take a moment to point out that the last six bands on Saturday were Grateful Dead, Creedence Clearwater Revival, Janis Joplin, Sly and the Family Stone, The Who, Jefferson Airplane. On what planet is that not awesome?\nAnd the \u201chippies\u201d remained (happily) mired in their collective sea of mud.\nNext post \u2013 Day Three.", "ection: Kirstie Carver collects Hummel figurines. Her goal in life is to design one that looks like her son.\n- Ludicrous Gibs: When one character gets shot by the Regulators, she's described as simply disappearing, and then a second later a rain of blood falls to the ground.\n- Mauve Shirt: A character is introduced and given a rather full backstory, such as the fact that she's on her way back from cheating on her husband, and how she realizes she's not wearing any underwear, while she's in the act of dying. This is done to the point that she even believes that her husband and the neighbors, who are gathered after the death of the paper boy have figured out she is cheating are there to confront her moments before she is killed.\n- Missing Episode: This was marketed as a lost Bachmann book...that just happens to have many of the same characters as a story Stephen King just wrote, in an Alternate Universe.\n- Nightmare Fuel Coloring Book: Seth draws pictures of the drive-by shooting in which his entire family was killed. The pictures are actually included in the text.\n- Open Heart Dentistry: Subverted. Marielle Soderson's arm is torn off by a gunshot. Tom Billingsley, a vet, tries to treat her, but she soon dies. Billingsley remarks that she needed a trauma unit, not \"an old veterinarian with shaky hands\".\n- The Rainman: Seth.\n- Reality Warper: Tak.\n- Scrapbook Story: Interwoven with the narrative are diary entries from Audrey detailing her life with Seth and Tak's growing influence, as well as newspaper clippings, letters, pages from books, and Seth's drawings.\n- Sibling Switch Squick: Thanks to the alternate universe, the Carver family from one version of the story reverts who are siblings and who is married. In other words, David and Kirsten/Pie would be brother and sister in Desperation, and their parents Ellen and Ralph, but in The Regulators, they're married, with Ellen and Ralph as their children.\n- Stepford Suburbia: Stephen King spends the first 5 or 6 pages of the novel practically gushing over Poplar Street's all-American normalness with narration so upbeat it's almost manic. And then everything goes straight to hell, in typical King style.\n- Trash of the Titans: The Wyler/Garin household; Seth/Tak doesn't care what the place is like, and his aunt/guardian Audrey, the only surviving adult in the household, has much bigger problems occupying her time and energy. As a result, the place is a huge mess.\n- What Could Have Been: Was originally a script that King wrote for Sam Peckinpah.\n- Your Head Asplode: The result of Tak's failed attempt to possess Cammie.", "What did the High Court judge conclude about the potential impact of an adequate initial assessment by social services on Khyra Ishaq's survival", "Literature: The Regulators\nis a 1996 novel written by Stephen King\nunder the pseudonym Richard Bachman.\nIn the town of Wentworth, Ohio, an autistic boy named Seth has gained power to control the reality around him thanks to the machinations of the sinister Tak into a caricature of The Wild West\nbased off the shows that Seth watches. Creatures from Seth's imagination begin to attack the town and the residents are forced to work together to stop Tak.\nThis work contains examples of:\n- The Alcoholic: Gary Soderson.\n- Alternate Universe: Desperation, another book by Stephen King, is an alternate universe version of The Regulators. It has the same characters, but in different roles (a brother and sister become a married couple for example, with their parents in one book becoming their children in the other).\n- Anyone Can Die\n- Bang Bang BANG: Gunshots are incredibly loud; a sound of a shotgun is described as the sound of \"a detonating backpack missile\". Justified, because the shooters are actually figments of Seth's imagination, made real by Tak.\n- Battle in the Center of the Mind: Between Seth and Tak.\n- Body Horror: Less so than Desperation in which Tak's possession of the body would cause the host to expand and eventually fall apart; here, his possession of Seth is more of the psychic variety. That being said, Tak is unable to possess anyone else but Seth because their minds are too strong. When he tries, their heads explode.\n- Captain Ersatz: The characters of Seth's favorite cartoon MotoKops 2200 are a cross between G.I. Joe and the Power Rangers.\n- Darker and Edgier: To Desperation given that it's written by Bachman.\n- Demonic Possession: Tak's possession of Seth.\n- Eldritch Abomination: Tak.\n- Enemy Mine: In Seth's favorite show, the heroes team up with their enemy to stop a something from destroying Earth. Tak channels this as the final assault on the protagonists.\n- Evil Phone: The Tak-Phone.\n- The Fourth Wall Will Not Protect You: Various television characters from Seth's imagination wreak havoc on the block.\n- Gorn: It's definitely of King's goriest works.\n- Happy Place: Seth manages to create such a refuge for his aunt/guardian Audrey (using a vacation she took in her college days as source material) to give her a way to get away from Tak's various torments.\n- Hypothetical Casting: After Johnny Marinville and his black neighbor, Brad Josephson have a hard time climbing a fence to escape from monsters, Johnny jokingly suggests that they should make a movie called Black Men Can't Climb Fences, where Brad would be played by Laurence Fishburne.\n- Kitsch Coll", "How is Hoag Hospital using virtual reality technology in its approach to pain management and surgery", "What actions did the organizers take to address the unprecedented attendance at Woodstock and the potential for conflict with the police", "Tribute to Rosamunde Pilcher by Felicity Bryan, February 14th 2019\nPosted on 15/02/2019\nIt was in 1973 that I first experienced Rosamunde Pilcher with her keen eye and her gentle wit. We were having lunch. I was a fledgling agent at Curtis Brown literary agency which had represented Ros for her short stories and novels since 1948. We had immediately felt at home with each other \u2013 in her elegant suit and tweeds she reminded me of my mother\u2019s friends.\nOf all the qualities that spring to mind when I think of Ros I would say that listening was her first expertise. I was subtly grilled about my background in journalism, my Yorkshire family, my travels, all of which were of huge interest to her. When I paused for breath she said: \u201cI bet you\u2019ve never read Womans Own!\u201d Years later she told me that I replied that it was never too late to start\u2026.\nShe then led me on a mystery tour of the ins and outs of romantic fiction publishing \u2013 in particular magazines, which were then her main source of income. She had close relationships with \u2013 and was much loved and admired by \u2013 the literary editors of Woman and Home, Woman\u2019s Own, Woman\u2019s Weekly etc. She knew exactly what they wanted and she delivered it. I could see she was a true professional who could teach me a lot.\nShe was also a terrific appreciator. When some years later Tom McCormack, a US publisher, dropped by my office and said he was looking for romance I pressed two Pilcher novels into his hand. His young editor Tom Dunne loved them, bought the rights, came back for more, encouraged her to write longer, more challenging novels \u2013 and the rest is history. Alice told me that when Pippa called from America to say that Ros was number 1 on the New York Times Bestseller List Ros danced round the kitchen table in excitement singing \u201cI\u2019m numero uno\u201d.\nBut Ros never failed to remind and thank me for making that first American connection. So when thirty years ago I set up my own literary agency \u2013 just as SHELL SEEKERS was about to be released on an unsuspecting world \u2013 she loyally came with me. Something for which I could never show my gratitude enough.\nSo in 1988 we both started a new life together: she as an international best-seller and me as an independent agent with this amazing client of whom I was so, SO proud.\nAnd what fun we had! Ros was one of life\u2019s great enjoyers. When in 1992 the German TV station ZDF bought the rights in eight of her early, shorter novels they invited her to the annual international TV festival in Cannes. Graham couldn\u2019t come. \u201cWould you like me to come instead?\u201d, I asked. \u201cWould you mind?\u2019 she said. \u201cIt would be much more fun. I\u2019ve never been to the South of France before.\u201d\nIt was my first experience of Ros as the international star. As Fiona said, she took to the role like a duck to water. We were put up in the Hilton on the Croisette, swam in the pool on the roof, met Charlton Heston in the lift, were taken to villas in the countryside, dined with her producer Michael Smeaton and mingled with the big wigs of TV and film \u2013 all of whom jostled to meet her.\nOn our final evening ZDF hosted a dinner for Ros taking a whole floor of an Italian restaurant. Most of the guests were potential buyers of film rights in her stories. So we were on our best behaviour. The wine flowed and Ros was enjoying herself charming Claus Behling, the head of Drama at ZDF (who later became a grea", "What requirements must all fellows who are part of the Pediatric Hospitalist Medicine fellowship program fulfill during their training", "Grizzly Bear Facts | Yellowstone Wildlife Guide\nWHICH IS IT\u2014BROWN OR GRIZZLY?There is often confusion about what to call these bears, with the words \u201cgrizzly\u201d and \u201cbrown\u201d often used interchangeably.\nGrizzly bears are a subspecies of the brown bear, so it is correct to call a grizzly a brown bear, but it is not always correct to call a brown bear a grizzly. The difference is regional. In coastal Alaska and Canada, they are called brown bears, and in interior areas like Yellowstone, they are generally called grizzly bears. This name comes from the grizzled gray and brown coat that interior brown bears often display.\nIn the United States, grizzly bears are only found in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem, parts of Montana and Idaho and occasionally in northern Washington. While they once roamed as far south as central Mexico, the fear invoked by their size and power led to eliminating them from much of their original range. Today only 150 bears make their home in the park, and nearly 700 bears live in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem (GYE). This is an increase from the 136 that were found in the GYE in 1975 when they were listed as \u201cthreatened\u201d under the Endangered Species Act. The status of these bears is unclear, however, since brown bears require vast landscapes to support their needs, and it is unlikely that their environment will ever expand to their traditional range.\nPHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICSGrizzly bears are much larger than black bears, weighing up to 1,000 pounds. The average weight in the Yellowstone area is 300\u2013700 pounds for males, and 200\u2013400 pounds for females.\nGrizzly bears have a large hump on their shoulders, which houses strong muscles that help them dig for roots, mushrooms\nBEHAVIOR & FEEDING HABITSGrizzly bears are solitary animals, except when breeding or when mothers are raising their young. T", "What are the main goals and mission of Bishop Cotton Women\u2019s Christian College", "What type of performances and events can be expected at the 34th annual An Appalachian Summer Festival", "What are some organizations mentioned that advocate for Palestinian rights", "What did people in the disability sector share during NewzHook\u2019s final #StoryOfTheWeek for 2019", "How have warmer temperatures affected the food sources available for grizzly bears in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem", "We Build Allan Block Retaining Walls from Sidney to Victoria\nOur team has taken the Allan Block installers certification course\nDo you want to build an Allan Block Retaining Wall on your property? Island Pro Mowing and Landscaping has 4 team members on staff who've taken the Allan Block installation certification course through local Expocrete affiliate and dealer Slegg Lumber. We are knowledgeable on the product line, the installation procedures and can provide you with a detailed estimate to build an Allan Block retaining wall on your property.\nWhat Is Allan Block?\nAllan Block is one of the world leaders in patented segmented retaining wall systems made out of concrete. \"Allan Blocks\" as they are called are a dry stackable retaining wall block available in a variety of different styles, patterns and sizes depending on the look you are trying to achieve with your retaining wall.\nWhy Use Allan Block For Your Retaining Wall?\nAllan Block retaining wall blocks come in a variety of different styles to work within your site and design requirements. It's a patented, pre-engineered dry stackable retaining wall system designed for low maintenance, beautiful curb appeal and it's incredible strength.\nThe Allan Block Advantage consists of many benefits and features and the most notable would include the beautiful designs and patterns, the built-in patented interlocking system, it's ability to create curves, built-in setbacks of 12, 6 or 3 degrees and built in drainage.\nWhen installed by a contractor who's taken the Allan Block installation certification course you're going to end up with a beautiful retaining wall built for much more than just looks!\nPopular Allan Block Retaining Wall Block Styles\nWhy Would You Build a Retaining Wall On Your Victoria Property?\nWhile retaining walls can make a beautiful addition to any landscape, they do serve a very specific purpose. Here on Vancouver Island we are blessed with a beautiful place to live but cursed with the fact that we live on one big giant rock!\nThis means flat and level ground to build and expand on is worth a premium here and it's a rarity for a home to have a nice, level lot that maximizes the use of the property to it's fullest.\nThe reality is that many homes in Victoria and the Peninsula are being built on un-level ground including up hillsides like Mt. Doug or Dean Park or Bear Mountain and on steep and rocky waterfronts like Oak Bay or Deep Cove or Esquimalt.\nThe real purpose behind a retaining wall is to create new usable land for a property owner to enjoy by holding back or shaping earth. Whether you're building a retaining wall to contain earth on a downward slope and thus build out your lawn area or cutting into a hillside in your backyard to create a bigger patio area or a backyard for kids to play.\nA properly built retaining wall system will help you transform that unusable terrain on your property into land that has value for you and more resale value when you go to sell your home.\nReplacing Old Concrete or Timber Retaining Walls\n30 years ago it used to be a common practice to build retaining walls out of timbers such as rail road ties or formed and poured concrete only because segmented retaining wall systems hadn't been fully developed (or widely accepted yet). Now, these same retaining walls made out of wood or concrete are at their end-of-life-span and are rotting out, collapsing, toppling over or have formed large unsightly cracks in the concrete and need replac", "i have installed AutodeskDesignReview 2011 on a Citrix terminalserver. All is working.\nI have installed the msi with the following parameters:\nADR_DONOTSHOWAGAIN=1 ADR_NEXT_INITIAL_CHECK=1 PREFERENCELOCKED=1ADSK_DESKTOPSHORTCUT_1=0\nThe installation guide:\nAutodesk Design Review 2011 should not check for updates now and you should not see the marketing dialog box when you first run the application.\nFor every user, who is starting the program first time, the marketing dialog box is shown.\nHow can i disable this dialog box??\nCan you please provide a screen cap of the \"marketing\" screen you're seeing?\nThank you for the screen cap. The dialog box you're seeing is the program requesting that the user participate in the Autodesk Customer Involvement Program (CIP).\nThe command you found in the Design Review Install Guide is to prevent Design Review from checking for software updates. I don't believe it affects the opt-in dialog box you're seeing.\nI will check with our SWD team to ensure my understanding is correct and to see if there is a way to programmatically prevent the CIP dialog box from displaying.\nIs there a solution available for this issue? Having the same problem with the 2011 version when trying to do a silent install\nHere's the parameters I'm using for the silent install\n|MsiExec.exe /qn /i SetupDesignReview2011.msi|\nI am having the same issue as well. As Lukas suggested, these parameters, at least according to the Installation Guide, should disable the Marketing Dialogue box when first opened. However, that is not the result I am getting. I've c", "Neil Young has made another pull from his archive, this time the previously-unreleased track Homefires.\nThe release follows on from the other archival track Come Along And Say You Will which, like Homefires, will be appearing on Young\u2019s upcoming boxset Archives Volume 2: 1972-1976, being released 20 November.\nThe track was recorded all the way back in 1974, but hasn\u2019t been released officially. It has been played live a number of times, most recently on Young\u2019s 2018", "d provide a better transition for viewers than the abrupt shift from CBS to Turner for the 2014 Final Four.\n\u201cWe agreed it was important that CBS maintain its presence and Turner have the ability to accelerate its presence on Final Four weekend before 2015,\u201d McManus said.\nNeither expressed concern about impact on viewers, given the migration to cable of such events as the BCS national championship game.\nCBS and Turner have not discussed how they will split the regional semifinals and finals beginning next season, and they have not discussed who will call the Final Four games beginning next year.\nCBS has aired the NCAA Final Four since 1982. Jim Nantz has been CBS\u2019 lead Tournament announcer since 1991, so the two-year transition plan announced Tuesday will give him a chance to call 25 NCAA championship games leading into the 2016 switch to Turner.\nThis year\u2019s Tournament drew an average audience of 10.7 million viewers, up 11 percent from 9.6 million in 2012, according to Nielsen.\nFor the majority of viewers who have cable, this is no big deal, of course. But there are a few cord-cutters who will miss out on the Final Four when it\u2019s in a cable year. Sign of the times, I guess", "What should Torres Strait Islander and Maori communities be cautious of when using the catalogue", "What inspired the creation of new dresses for the Garden Fairy's Wardrobe\u2122", "How has Virtual Reality been used to help patients cope with pain in hospitals, according to Louis's experience", "t friend). We had not been warned about the speech given by ZDF\u2019s very formal Head of Enterprises. When he sat down he said \u201cand now Mrs Pilcher will speak to you\u201d.\nRos looked surprised. She rose, slowly, elegantly. She thanked her hosts. What a magical time we had had etc. etc. and then she said the words that I shall never forget: \u201cWhen I heard that ZDF had bought the rights to my \u2018little\u2019 books I thought \u2018how clever of them\u2019. Because, you see, they read like scripts. None of them took very long to write. There is no depth in them\u2026\u2026\u2026\u2026.\u201d As you can imagine, that was not what her hosts had wanted.\nMy regret is that I never accompanied Ros to America. I remember her returning from the SEPTEMBER tour \u2013 all three weeks of it. \u201cMy dear, in New York at Doubleday bookshop they were lining round the block. You see, I\u2019m what they call a cult\u201d.\nThe other bonus for me of Ros\u2019s fame was that I got to know Graham well. I loved Graham. Having your wife overnight become the main breadwinner \u2013 not to mention a superstar \u2013 was a big change for him. I think he took it very well. He saw his new role as managing her business affairs. These become complicated when you are translated into so many languages and have major film contracts. He was very good at it. So Ros could write in her disciplined way undisturbed.\nI remember them both coming down to Oxford for lunch with me and my colleague Michele. Afterwards they visited our office. \u201cI\u2019m so pleased we came\u201d, said Ros. \u201cNow I can imagine you here\u201d. \u201cI\u2019m so pleased you approve\u201d, I said, \u201cbecause you paid for it\u201d.\nI also got to know Ros\u2019s children: first Robin and Kirsty and then Fiona, Mark and Pippa. Ros was a family person. She talked a lot about her children and her grandchildren and great grandchildren. They were her abiding interest and the centre of her life. I remember her saying that in those early years in Scotland there had been Graham and his family and her and the children. They were her World.\nHer other world which she had left behind was Cornwall where she had spent her childhood. She recreated it, with its rugged coves and gentle hills, in most of her novels. Her love of the countryside, of the thrill and the calm of walking in a bracing landscape, she captures to perfection.\nAs she grew older she found her grandchildren and great-grandchildren an increasing source of delight \u2013 and often mirth. She and I spoke regularly on the phone and I remember her uproarious and delighted description of Tamsin\u2019s wedding: \u201cAnd the bridesmaids were all wearing boots!\u201d\nOn my last visit to her in August I snapped her chortling with the beguiling Xanthe who Alice had thoughtfully produced to cheer Ros in the final year of her life. Ros simply adored that \u2018baby\u2019. In the background of the picture is Claire Adderley, her thoughtful and loving carer in her last two years\nRos loved being able to help her family. She loved being able to be generous \u2013 both in big things and small. She took enormous interest in my family and always remembered what they were up to. The three times I produced a baby, Ros deftly knitted it a garment.\nThese qualities of our beloved Ros: the listener, the professional, the appreciator, the countrywoman, the generous family person all fed into and informed her books. So much of her experience was poured into them. Those brilliant novels will be her lasting legacy long after we are gone", "What is the main features of the King Kong video slot game mentioned in the text", "What is the title of the work edited by Francis Lieber that includes articles in American biography", "to appear!\nI went for a fairly rough mix \u2013 I like how you can spot the odd hint of a typeface and I also threw a handful of geranium petals in\u2026and some glitter too!\nPantone announcing Greenery as the Colour of the Year 2017 has inspired me to look at all the foliage in my garden.\nI had fun combining leaves from about five different plants, focusing on texture and shape to design two new dresses for the Garden Fairy\u2019s Wardrobe\u2122 now available as limited edition art prints", "Another over-the-air sports stalwart is going, going, but not quite gone. The 2016 Final Four from Reliant Stadium in Houston will air on TBS as part of the 14-year NCAA Tournament media rights deal between Turner Sports and CBS.\nCBS gets the Final Four in 2017, and the companies will continue to alternate Final Four years for the duration of the contract, the companies announced today.\nThe continued migration toward cable begins next year, when Saturday semifinal games at the 2014 and 2015 NCAA Tournament will air on TBS while the Monday championship game remains on CBS.\nIn addition, CBS and Turner will split the regional semifinals and finals beginning next year and continuing through 2024. As has been the case since 2011, the first weekend of games will continue to air on CBS, TNT, TBS and truTV.\nNetwork executives David Levy of Turner and Sean McManus of CBS said that under the original rights agreement, Turner had the option to take the entire Final Four in 2014, the first year in which the networks would alternate airing the event.\nHowever, McManus said he and Levy agreed three months ago that having both companies share in Final Four coverage the next two years woul", "|\u56fe\u4e66\u540d\u79f0\uff1aRe-Drawing Boundaries: Work, Households, and Gender in China|\n\u56fe\u4e66\u4f5c\u8005\uff1aBarbara Entwisle and Gail E. Henderson ISBN\uff1a\n\u51fa\u7248\u793e\uff1aBerkeley: University of California Press \u51fa\u7248\u65e5\u671f\uff1a2000\u5e74\nThis volume is based on papers, commentary, and discussion from the conference \u201cGender, Households, and the Boundaries of Work in Contemporary China,\u201d held in Chapel Hill, North Carolina in October 1996. Four conference sessions were organized around four questions about work, households, and gender in China; this structure underlies the four sections of this volume. The specific questions addressed were:\nThe conference was multidisciplinary, as is this book. Participants represented a variety of disciplinary perspectives: anthropology, demography, economics, history, and sociology. Why did we design the conference in this way? As we looked at the literature on gender, households, and the boundaries of work in China, we found scholars in different fields applying theoretical and interpretive models to certain types of data with certain methodologies and communicating their insights and results to audiences already familiar with these same models, data, and methodologies. An explicit goal of the conference was to bring together scholars from a variety of disciplines to improve communication; to discuss the strengths, weaknesses, and complementarities of their approaches; and to compare the results of their work.\nDiversity in disciplinary perspective is reflected in the variety of data and methods used. Approximately half of the chapters are qualitative in orientation, basing their analyses on historical documents, participatory field research, in-depth interviews, key informant interviews, and focus group discussions. The other chapters take a quantitative approach, using social survey and census data. The chapters report on diverse study sites as well, as shown in map 1. Included are the three metropolitan provinces\u2014Shanghai, Beijing, and Tianjin\u2014 and urban and rural areas in ten other provinces and autonomous regions: Guangxi, Guizhou, Henan, Hubei, H", "We received better reimbursement on the appeal than we did on the original submission\nChicago, IL (PRWEB) November 26, 2013\nMedorizon has been in the medical billing business or as they like to call it \u201crevenue cycle management\" for years. They have helped hundreds of providers from the east to the west coast. Medorizon's culture believes that good business goes beyond claims processing. When a partnership is formed with Medorizon they apply all their resources to help cash flow then focus on front end processes to help streamline claims processing. Their track record speaks for its self, 25 years in business, 3 national locations, clients in 1/3 of the USA.\nMedorizon has assisted physicians and facilities improve revenue and workflow with using the flowing three points of focus within the company:\n1. Clean Claims\n2. Timely Follow up\n3. Proper and specific appeals\nThe first point to focus is clean claims, this helps the lifeline of the revenue immediately. Jane P., Optum CareTracker Coordinator states \u201cour practice management system has a platform which directly connects with our clearinghouse for claims submission and receipt of electronic remittances, direct connections for patient eligibility to ensure faster payments as well as claim editing functions to assist in achieving clean claims in the first pass. Along with these behind the scene features the application has a detailed dashboard that shows you where your revenue is \u2026. Medorizon has had payments come in as fast as 7days\u201d. When payments are not received or denied it is important to have an established follow up process in place or your accounts receivables could become heavy in the 121+ bucket. Studies show when revenue is held up this far out it gets harder to collect, typically less than 33% is collectable when aged over 120days. This could happen for a number of different reasons timely filing, precertification, non covered service or medical necessity. If your practice is not appealing these nonpayment reasons with specific and custom a", "reated an transform for the msi with the parameters, forced the registry entries into the registry, and anything else I can think of. Yet the CIP box still displays on first launch.\nIs there a solution to this issue???\nWell, I found a way to disable the Marketing Dialogue Box. I found these registry keys and disabled them, then ran them in tandem after the silent install and voil\u00e0! No more CIP box on initial startup.\nApologies for the delay in response. I was trying to get some detail, but all I could come up with was this blog post.\nFrom the looks of your solution, it seems like you were able to work it out.\nI don' t understand why it is so hard for autodesk to make a deployment option for their products easy to use? They do it for the main programs so why can't they do it for TrueView and DesignReview.\nNow I have to modify the registry because Autodesk doesn't give me a way to opt out of this annoying popup when deployting this application to 100's of computers. come on..............\nIn the MSI file you can set MC3_ENABLED = #0 instead of #1 in the Property table to disable the CIP dialog. You may also be able to specify this parameter on the command line.\nLog into access your profile, ask and answer questions, share ideas and more. Haven't signed up yet? Register\nStart with some of our most frequented solutions to get help installing your software.\n|AutoCAD Land Desktop|\n|AutoCAD Plant 3D|\n|AutoCAD Raster Design|\n|AutoCAD Structural Detailing|\n|Ecotect Analysis - Desktop Tools|\n|Green Building Studio - Web-Based Service|\n|Robot Structural Analysis|", "What can you find in stock related to Ron Carter", "What was the role of community at the Woodstock festival according to Michael Lang", "ement or repair.\nThere are countless properties in the Greater Victoria area that have retaining walls that are in need of replacement and using a segmented retaining wall system is an excellent choice for replacement.\nIf you have an old timber or concrete retaining wall that you'd like replaced give us a call 250-812-4676 and we can organize a time to view your project and discuss the various options we have available.\nDo You Need To Remove The Existing Retaining Wall?\nThis depends on where your retaining wall is located. If there is enough room to build a new wall in front of the old retaining wall then that will be your most economical option and would also increase the amount of land available on the high side of the wall. If the retaining wall is right up against a property line or setback then the only option is often removal which can add significant expense to your project if we need to excavate and haul away the old wall. In some cases the old wall can be used as fill, but we'd need to inspect your site first to determine that.\nFrequently Asked Questions About Allan Block Retaining Walls\nHow Our Allan Block Retaining Wall Construction Process Works\nWhen building an Allan Block retaining wall on your property that is designed to hold back tons of soil and earth it's important that everything from the planning to the initial ground work be done properly. Here is our process.\n- We start with our initial consultation.\n- We determine how many square feet of retaining wall you need.\n- We determine the height of the wall and if a building permit or engineer will be required.\n- We consult with you on the specific type of Allan Block you'd like your retaining wall built with.\n- We\u2019ll provide you with an accurate written estimate for the work.\n- If you decide to move forward we\u2019ll get to work on the schedule start-date and build your new retaining wall.\nThe amount of work required to build an Allan Block retaining wall can vary widely from project to project. The slope of your property, the amount of earth your retaining wall must hold back, and the overall accessibility of your property will all contribute to the final cost.\nWe\u2019ll be able to offer you an accurate estimate only after a site visit.\nRemember: Retaining walls that are in excess of 1.2 meters in height (3.9 ft) will require a building permit and must be designed by a geotechnical engineer. The Allan Block patented segmented retaining wall system is already an engineered system so it can help streamline the process by only requiring building permits and the wall won't necessarily have to be designed by an engineer unless there are additional surcharges or other special circumstances that might need to be accounted for.\nWhy Choose Island Pro Mowing and Landscaping For Retaining Wall Construction?\nWe understand that you have many landscaping contractors to choose from throughout Victoria. We just want you to know that when you choose to work with Island Pro Mowing and Landscaping you are partnering with a small, locally owned business that has more than 15 years experience implementing retaining wall solutions into properties just like yours.\nOur entire team has also taken the Allan Block installation certification course so you can be confident in a quality installation of your new wall.\nIf you\u2019d like to get the process started then please give us a call 250-812-4676 or fill out our online contact form and we\u2019ll get back to you right away (usually the same day)", "I\u2019ve been wanting to make some handmade paper again for ages.\nI\u2019ve been collecting loose threads from silk fabric scraps to add to a recycled paper pulp mix, storing the lustrous strands in a heart shaped chocolate tin from Maxim\u2019s De Paris until I had that elusive spare moment to do it.\nSunday morning I finally got around to it having decided that soaking some shredded old bills and correspondence earlier in the week would be a way of prompting that elusive spare moment", "What unique life goal does Kirstie Carver have regarding her collection of Hummel figurines", "What roles did Graham take on when Ros became a successful author", "I am Karl, from Europe, South Germany\nhalf of 80, in the middle of life...\nfree to choose conection,\ncrystal blue eyes, brown short hair, no beard\nHealthy, slimm and sporty.\nCan live without, smoke, alcohol and drugs.\nEat vegetarian, sometime fish.\nI am educated as a health consultant.\nI like the mindfull path,\nenjoy buddhism, do yoga and meditation.\nOpenmin", "cher-student relationships scored significantly high in the zone of desired effects with an effect size of 0.72.\nBuilding relations with students implies agency, efficacy, respect by the teacher for the child brings to the class (from home, culture, peers), and allowing the experiences of the child to be recognized in the classroom. Further, developing relationships requires skill by the teacher-- such as the skills of listening, empathy, caring, and having positive regard for others\" (Hattie, 2009, p. 118).\nWhen students or adults are asked to think of teachers that had a significant impact on their life, 2 or 3 teachers typically come to mind. We may or may not be able to remember the teacher\u2019s name, the content standards mastered, or even what letter grade was earned in that class. The reasons these teachers come to mind are usually backed by comments about believing that the teacher cared, and that they believed in the person as an individual (Hattie, 2012).\nThis is a theory that not only holds true in education, but is also emerging in cross sector research. An article titled Is it Better to be Feared or Loved? published in the Harvard Business Review provided as its key argument that, \u201cDecades of sociology and psychology research show that by first focusing on displaying warmth-- and then blending in demonstrations of competence-- leaders will find a clearer path to influence\u201d (Cuddy, Kohut, & Neffinger, 2013, p. 57).\nSo basically the old adage of don\u2019t smile until Christmas ought to be thrown out the window.\nStudents are much more concerned with knowing that we care about them than the millions of facts we happen to know about science, social studies, or any other given content area. Yes, the content is important; but it is far more critical that we first show students we are their champions. We are there because we care about them. We want to be their heroes.\nIt is one thing to agree upon the fact that students need heroes and that teachers are uniquely positioned to play that role in the lives of the students they teach. Teachers have the opportunity on a daily basis to inspire their students to excel, to positively influence their attitudes and lifestyles, to connect with them on a personal level and to listen and value their ideas. But what does this actually look like when teachers foster heroes thinking in their everyday practice?\nHere are some suggested strategies for teachers looking to serve as a hero to their students:\n- Take your role as a hero seriously\n- Listen to your students\n- Give your students daily words of encouragement\n- Recognize heroes in the school community\n- Show students you respect and value them\n- Attend after school events and functions\n- Take the time to ask your students how they are doing\n- Be fair and consistent with all your students\n- Talk with your students about their hopes and dreams (Quaglia & Corso, 2014)\nThe diminishing enthusiasm in schools cannot be totally blamed on the disappearance of classic metal lunchboxes. However the symbolism is not to be missed. Yes, the chance to have your face displayed on the top of a lunchbox has passed - those days are gone. But your chance to be a hero? Far from over. That time is now.\nYou don\u2019t need special powers, just an authentic commitment to your students - a commitment to let them know you care about them as individuals, that you believe in and support them, and that you intend to spend the school year learning side-by-side with them. Let them know you are in this learning endeavor together. No cape required. Just hopes and dreams that will take you to infinity and beyond!\n- Cuddy, A., Kohut, M., and Neffinger, J. (2013). Connect, then lead. Harvard Business Review, July-August, 54-61.\n- Hattie, J. (2012). Visible learning for teachers: Maximizing impact on learning. Abingdon, UK: Routledge.\n- Hattie, J. (2009). Visible learning: A synthesis of over 800 meta-analyses relating to achievement. Abingdon, UK: Routledge.\n- Quaglia, R., and Corso, M. (2014). Student Voice: The Instrument of Change. Thousand Oaks, CA: Corwin\nThe opinions expressed in Peter DeWitt\u2019s Finding Common Ground are strictly those of the author(s) and do not reflect the opinions or endorsement of Editorial Projects in Education, or any of its publications.", "A favorite from the midway to the street festival to the stadium, funnel cakes have a high profit margin and sell like, well, hot cakes. That's good news for you when you have the power to produce 100 in an hour with this Gold Medal 8050D FW-12 funnel cake fryer. This unit has a 27-pound oil capacity, which means you can fry up to four 8-inch funnel cakes at once. This Gold Medal 8050D FW-12 funnel cake fryer comes standard with a drain and drainboard for efficient fryer clean-up and functionality. You can also use this fryer for more than", "What was the purpose of the conference 'Gender, Households, and the Boundaries of Work in Contemporary China' that the book is based on", "Response\nResources in North America, Europe, and Asia\nLaser, EDM, SLA, RPD, Roland PNC\nSingle Components to Complete Assemblies\nSlides are available with custom hole patterns, shrouds, brackets, and mounting features.\nTrays, bins, or drawer assemblies; cable management solutions, and more", "What are the differences between grizzly bears and brown bears in terms of naming and habitat", "Today\u2019s guest blog is co-authored by Russell J. Quaglia, the President and Founder of the Quaglia Institute for Student Aspirations, and Lisa Kinnaman the Co-Director of the Idaho Leads Project at Boise State.\nA new academic year, full of hopes, dreams, and challenges is upon us. When students see each other for the first time after summer break, there are hugs, wide smiles, and enthusiasm. It is the same with teachers as they greet their colleagues and swap stories of their summer adventures.\nIt is a magical time of the year ... that sadly lingers for too brief a time.\nWe think this diminishing enthusiasm can be attributed to what we are calling the lunchbox philosophy. Decades ago, one of the coolest things about the beginning of school was picking out a new lunchbox. We\u2019re not talking about the ones that are made out of vinyl or recycled tires, or have designer fashions and labels, or are so neon you can see them from the moon.\nWe are talking about the metal lunch box with a handle that had a superhero on the outside and a matching thermos on the inside. They were impractical, cumbersome, and did not keep food particularly warm or cold, but they were awesome, and they had meaning.\nThis type of classic lunch box was first created in 1935 by a company called Geuder, Paeschke, and Frey, located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. None other than Mickey Mouse graced the original design. Before long, students everywhere were proudly carrying their lunch boxes, and soon the box mattered much more than the meal. It didn\u2019t matter if you had a steak sandwich or leftover tater tots for lunch. It was all about the box - Superman, Superwoman, The Beatles, The A-Team ...\nShould publishing companies abandon books and return to producing classic lunchboxes? Of course not, but we do recognize the symbolism of the lunchbox era. In the 50\u2019s there were Mickey Mouse and Roy Rogers; the 60\u2019s, The Beatles and Star Trek; the 70\u2019s, Six Million Dollar Man and Barbie ... countless numbers of characters on our lunchboxes.\nBut for kids, it was not about promoting a movie or band or cartoon. It was about being inspired. It was about carrying a hero with them every day to school. The lunchbox stood for something. It provided a sense of purpose. And the irony is, we didn\u2019t even know it; we just thought it was cool!\nWho are our students\u2019 heroes now? Do students readily display their heroes?\nWith today\u2019s technology, one does not need to look further than the nearest computer or handheld device to find an example of a hero. Students identify all kinds of heroes - from sports legends and firefighters, to pop-stars and astronauts. But for students, it is important they have heroes outside the screen, heroes who have a direct impact in their daily lives. And to find your students\u2019 hero, you only need to look as far as the nearest mirror. YOU are a hero to your students - whether you like it or not, whether you asked for it or not. Your only choice in the matter is what type of hero you want to be - how much and what kind of an impact you want to have on your students\u2019 lives.\nStudents need role models in school, and unfortunately they are not finding these heroes as frequently as they should. Data collected this past year from the Student Voice survey from over 65,000 students found that:\n- 52% of students believe teachers are willing to learn from them\n- 44% of students believe teachers make school an exciting place to learn\n- 52% of students believe teachers care if they are absent from school\n- 55% of students believe teachers care about them as individuals\n- 57% of students believe teachers make an effort to get to know them\nWhile the days of superhero lunchboxes are behind us, the need for heroes in schools is not. As a matter of fact, nothing is more important, and we must take action to address this data. It is not complex, and it does not take superhero powers to solve: You need to let students know they matter to you.\nMost educators would agree to a gut instinct that it matters if students know we care about them. However, there is also a substantial body of research to back up this feeling of the heart. In his groundbreaking work Visible Learning, John Hattie provides a synthesis of over 800 meta-analyses relating to student achievement (2009).\nTea", "What influenced the stability of Europe's leading stock markets during the reported trading session", "t's DAX 30 rose 0.49 per cent to stand at 8,488.21.\nThe index won support from news that Germany paid its highest interest rate in almost two years at a bond auction yesterday, as economic prospects in the eurozone brighten and the country's safe-haven status dwindles.\nOn the European corporate front, shares in Britain's biggest retailer, supermarket group Tesco, grew 0.16 per cent to 372.65 pence. AF", "and others (See \"Volume 12 Duke Ellington\" below for complete contents.)\nLines are written in bass clef with chord symbols above each measure. There is no better way to learn the art of professional bass lines than to study the work of a master, the legendary Ron Carter.", "Trending Stories on NewzHook 21 Dec \u2013 27 Dec\nHello Newz Hook readers! We are here again with some most popular and shared news of the last week of 2019!\nMany Schools for children with disabilities across the country, celebrated the true spirit of Christmas by sharing and caring and setting positive examples for others.\nP Narahari is the Commissioner-cum-Secretary, Public Relations Department and Managing Director, Madhyam, in the Madhya Pradesh government. He has won over 40 awards, many of them honouring his efforts to build a barrier-free environment.\nBraille versions of the book written by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for students- \u2018Exam Warriors\u2019, have been released. PM Modi has shared valuable tips for students to deal with academic stress in the book.\nDisabled people from Kochi came together to protest against the National Citizenship Amendment Act-CAA and the event received a lo", "What key concepts will Patricia T. Clough address in her presentation on the relationship between big data and unconscious desire", "What method was found to disable the Marketing Dialogue Box during the initial startup of the CIP box", "Who is recognized as a master for learning the art of professional bass lines", "What is the name of the previously-unreleased track that Neil Young has released from his archive", "model, based on chemical shift averaging by the making and breaking of hydrogen bonds as water undergoes rotational motion and translational self-diffusion on the pore surface, has been developed to explain the NMR spectral results. The model is able to reproduce the experimental \u00b9H MAS NMR spectra for all hydrations and temperatures studied. For the first time, definitive spectral assignments for all hydroxyl and water protons in the sample has been achieved. Spectral features arising due to temperature change have been explained by using the known result that the proton chemical shift of a hydrogen atom involved in hydrogen bonding varies linearly with temperature. Furthermore, it is reported for the first time, that with increasing hydration, water molecules begin to favour forming two hydrogen bonds to the surface. This may represent the first step in the pore filling process", "What did the author collect to add to the recycled paper pulp mix for handmade paper"]}