{"q_indices": [119, 68, 48, 99, 14, 22, 108, 109, 88, 15, 92, 74, 43, 96, 118, 24, 60, 53, 62, 86, 45, 90, 121, 63, 0, 112, 93, 30, 20, 23, 9, 58, 28, 117, 83, 95, 38, 7, 52, 75, 80, 41, 40, 87, 50, 122, 18, 27, 2, 33, 111, 25, 120, 34, 29, 8, 110, 4, 79, 123, 12, 37, 70, 57], "a_indices": [17, 73, 94, 10, 65, 107, 44, 98, 100, 116, 67, 105, 59, 114, 113, 78, 71, 31, 19, 64, 72, 32, 51, 101, 85, 21, 13, 97, 66, 127, 77, 26, 56, 124, 6, 106, 47, 115, 39, 46, 91, 42, 11, 103, 82, 1, 61, 36, 49, 76, 55, 126, 84, 89, 69, 125, 104, 54, 81, 102, 35, 16, 5, 3], "texts": ["What challenges do men face when trying to approach women in social settings like clubs", "Sorry, this item has SOLD\nView other Womens 1970's Sweaters\n34Bust (Womens Small) 30Sleeve\nVery Good Condition\nApprox Shipping Weight 1.25 lbs.", "Which billionaire is mentioned as being the only individual to appear on both lists of the richest people and the largest philanthropists", "r of High Roller Blackjack tables available here at Regent Play. These are designed to give everyone the option to enjoy the High Roller experience. The tables have different minimum bets, ensuring that everyone will find something suitable. High rollers who want the ultimate High Roller experience can take a seat at our Salon Priv\u00e9 tables. These offer the highest maximum bets, give you a choice of dealer, and allow you to control the shuffle and game speed. Furthermore, there will always be a room manager present to ensure that you have a fantastic experience.\nAs noted, Blackjack is a very simple game. The aim of each round is to build a hand of cards that is closer in value to 21 than the dealer\u2019s hand is. However, you need to avoid exceeding 21, as this will send you bust and you automatically lose.\nThe number cards 2 through 10 are all worth their face values, the picture cards Jack, Queen and King are worth 10, and Aces are worth 1 or 11. This means that 21 can be formed with two cards, and Ace and a 10. This is called Blackjack, it is the strongest hand and it will beat all other hands, even those that are worth 21 but have more than two cards in them.\nIt is a fast flowing game. After players have placed their bets, each will receive two cards. Players then have a number of options available to them:\nWhen the cards are first dealt, if the dealer\u2019s up card is an Ace then players can take out insurance against the dealer having Blackjack. The insurance bet is equal to half of the original bet and if the dealer has Blackjack then it pays at 2:1.\nAfter all payers have finished, it is the dealer\u2019s turn. The dealer will draw more cards until the hand is worth at least 16 and will stand as soon as it is worth 17 or more. After this, winning players are paid out.\nThere is a range of side bets available at the Live Blackjack tables and they will vary slightly from game to game. However, nearly all offer the Perfect Pairs side bet, which offers payouts if the first two cards to a player form a Perfect Pair (two identical cards), a Coloured Pair (two cards of the same value and colour), or a Mixed Pair (two cards of the same value). Most games also offer the 21+3 side bet, which wins if the player\u2019s first two cards and the dealer\u2019s up card form a Suited Three of a Kind, a Straight Flush, a Three of a Kind, a Straight, or a Flush.Less info\nAt Regent Play we believe in \"C.A.R.E\" - Customers Are Really Everything! This is why we have a team of professionals ready to answer any questions or inquiries with great care and attention.\nIf you have any questions or concerns; please feel free to contact us using the following methods:\nThe Regent Play support team is available 7 days a week from 06:00 GMT to 23:00 GMT\nCall us! +(000) 123-456-789", "What techniques did visual artist Jam Sutton use to create the digital sculptures in the collection", "Blackjack is the most popular and best known of casino card games. The rules are very easy to grasp, the game is fast paced, and it can provide players with huge winnings. Here at Regent Play, we offer a massive selection of Live Blackajack tables to ensure that everyone, from complete novices to highly experienced players, will find everything that they need. Our tables are open at all times and our professional and friendly dealers will be happy to welcome you to the game.More info\nBlackjack is not a game that lends itself towards lots of special features, but you will certainly find all that you could want at our tables. For instance, if all of the main 7 seats are taken at a table then the Bet Behind feature will allow you to play there anyway. If you see that a player is doing particularly well, then you can simply bet on them in order to share in their success. You can even use this feature if you have a seat at a table. We also have an Initial Decision feature that is designed to speed up the game. It allows you to make hand decisions without having to wait for your turn. For example, if you know that you want to Hit, then you can do so as soon as the cards are dealt (although you will have to wait for the dealer to deal to the players before you). In addition to these features, you can chat to your fellow players and the dealer, which results in an enjoyable atmosphere, and there are a number of side bets that give you the chance to win even more.\nAt any given time, you will find a huge number of Blackjack tables available. In addition to the standard Live Blackjack games, you will also find Speed Blackjack. At these tables, after the initial two cards are dealt, all players can make their decisions simultaneously and the player who chooses fastest will be the first to have their next card dealt.\nWe also offer a number of exciting Blackjack variants. For instance, in the Infinite Blackjack game all players are betting on the same hand, but have the freedom to play as they wish. Free Bet Blackjack will allow you to Double Down on two-card hands with hard totals of 9, 10 or 11 free of charge. You will also be able to Split all pairs except 10s for free. At our Power Blackjack tables, you have the chance to Double, Triple of Quadrupole Down on any initial two cards, even after a split. This variant is played with eight decks that have had the 9s and 10s removed from the deck (but not the picture cards), and it also offers a number of side bets. If you are looking for a more casual experience with smaller bets then checkout Blackjack Party. There are two dealers at the table who ensure that there is a truly enjoyable experience at all times and that things never become too serious.\nYou will notice that there are a huge numbe", "Joby Gorillapod SLR Zoom Tripod\nJoby\u2019s Gorillapod SLR Zoom is a flexible and tough essential for any photographer wanting rock solid shots no matter where they go. Made with professional use in mind, it\u2019s ready to mount SLRs with zoom attachments and video cameras with ease.\nPlease note: Camera not included.\n- Flexible, portable, bendable - the Gorillapod SLR Zoom can be hung from branches or rails and finds its feet on almost any surface so you can take the shots you really want. It even rotates 360 degrees for total control.\n- Made for zoom lenses, it\u2019ll support your camera during those extreme close-ups.\n- Compatible with other tripod heads (1/4-inch to 3/8-inch).\n- Able to support up to 3kgs.\n- H250 x W60 x D60mm\n- Eligible for International Delivery\n- Manufacturer Part Number (MPN)\n- Model name / number\n- Weight Information Unpackaged weight\nClick & collect\n- Click & collect from John Lewis and Waitrose shops tomorrow from 2p", "What types of events do the vintage racing customers participate in", "What effect did high boron concentrations have on the molecular weights of phenolic polymers produced from caffeic acid and ferulic acid oxidation", "What are the sponsorship levels mentioned for the 2017-2018 school year", "jects and building permits track permits issued. In July, housing starts were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.45 million, a 9.6% month-over-month decline. Building permits were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.69 million, a 0.6% drop from the month before. Increasing mortgage rates have been impacting builders' production levels.\nExisting home sales or resales track the sales of previously constructed homes and make up approximately 90% of residential real estate transactions. Existing home sales were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 4.81 million units in July. This is 5.6% lower than the seasonally adjusted annual rate in June. Rising mortgage rates are putting increasing financial pressure on many buyers, but home prices are expected to show more deceleration in coming months. We also offer several mortgage products that can ease the strain of rising rates like adjsutable-rate mortgages (ARMs) and our Mortgage Payment Buydown.\nAs more important market-moving data continues to be released, we will continue to keep you updated. Let us know if you have any further questions.", "The move toward healthier and more efficient buildings isn\u2019t new, but because of COVID, the pace of change has accelerated. Fact: adequate ventilation is key in mitigating the spread of COVID, and (according to the WELL Building Institute) productivity improves 29%. So we\u2019ve created a video series to summarize and simplify all of the information about Healthy, Smart,", "Where can one read the online documentation for Zend Framework 2", "All new bookings at Hazel Brow for arrival after 1 June 2020 are protected by Master Cancel. This means that you can cancel, for any reason, between 60 and 2 days prior to arrival for a full refund.\nOur business has followed government and industry COVID-19 guidelines, ha", "What was the author's breakfast for the day mentioned in the text", "What is the purpose of the jQuery load function in relation to the CakePHP controller in the provided text", "info- build Unix info pages\nlatexpdf- build PDF documentation (requires a working\nman- build Unix manpages\ntext- build ANSI text manual files\nYou can cleanup by running\nIf you wish to contribute to the documentation of Zend Framework 2, please read the CONTRIBUTING.md file.\nIf you don't know where to begin, or where you can best help, please review the TODO.md file.\nThe files in this archive are released under the Zend Framework license. You can find a copy of this license in LICENSE.txt.\nThe Zend Framework team would like to thank all the contributors to the Zend Framework Documentation project, our corporate sponsor, and you, the Zend Framework user. Please visit us sometime soon at http://framework.zend.com", "Stocks Fall as China Reduces Growth Target; Yen Gains, Treasuries Retreat\nStocks (MXWD) fell for a second day after China announced the lowest economic growth target since 2004 and European services and manufacturing output was less than earlier estimated. The yen climbed, while Treasuries declined.\nThe S&P 500 lost 0.4 percent to close at 1,364.33 at 4 p.m. in New York and the Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 14.76 points to 12,962.81. The yen strengthened against all 16 most- traded peers, while China weakened its currency\u2019s daily fixing by the most since November 2010 and said it may widen its trading band. Oil was little changed, while copper slid 1.1 percent and natural gas fell 5.2 percent. Ten-year Treasury yields rose three basis points to 2.005 percent.\nChina cut the nation\u2019s economic growth target to 7.5 percent from an 8 percent goal in place since 2005, according to Premier Wen Jiabao\u2019s speech at the National People\u2019s Congress today. European services and manufacturing output shrank in February more than earlier estimated, Markit Economics said, and U.S. factory orders fell for the first time in three months. Greece\u2019s private creditors decide this week whether to sign off on the country\u2019s debt restructuring.\n\u201cIt\u2019s just not an environment that we feel like sticking our neck out to take on a lot of risk,\u201d Michael Mullaney, who helps manage $9.5 billion at Fiduciary Trust in Boston, said in a telephone interview. \u201cWe\u2019ve been scratching our heads a little bit after the big run-up in equities. We just don\u2019t see a strong enough global economic background to support where prices are right now.\u201d\nRetreat From High\nThe S&P 500 (SPX) fell for a second day after last week reaching its highest level since 2008. Equities briefly pared losses after the Institute for Supply Management\u2019s index of non- manufacturing industries rose to 57.3 in February, topping the median economist projection for a decline to 56. Commerce Department data showed orders to U.S. factories decreased in January by 1 percent, less than the median prediction for a 1.5 percent drop.\nAlcoa Inc., Caterpillar Inc. and Bank of America Corp. lost at least 2 percent to lead declines in the Dow. Zynga Inc. (ZNGA), the online-game company that sold shares to the public in December, and CF Industries Holdings Inc., North America\u2019s largest maker of nitrogen-based fertilizer , tumbled at least 2.9 percent after the companies were downgraded.\nCorporate profits that doubled since 2009 have left the S&P 500 cheaper than at all 34 peaks since 1989, even as options traders push the cost of protecting against losses to the highest in four years relative to the cost of betting on gains.\nCompanies in the benchmark gauge of U.S. stocks (MXWD) trade for 14 times earnings after advancing 102 percent since March 2009, according to data compiled by Bloomberg that excludes peaks occurring within a month of one another. Valuations are lower than at every 52-week peak since 1989. Traders have pushed the price of contracts that pay should the S&P 500 drop 20 percent to the most since 2007 compared with ones betting on a rally of the same size.\nTechnology and consumer-discretionary stocks, which have led this year\u2019s rally in the S&P 500 along with financials, may perform worse than other shares as American economic reports struggle to beat rising forecasts, according to Tobias Levkovich, chief U.S. equity strategist at Citigroup Inc.\nA drop in Citigroup\u2019s Economic Surprise Index (CESIUSD) for the U.S. is one of several concerns for the market in the short-term, Levkovich said. The index, which measures the extent to which reports beat or miss forecasts, has fallen to 48.2 from 83.70 on Feb. 3. Consumer-discretionary and technology shares show some of the highest correlations to the gauge and \u201care vulnerable to a pullback,\u201d the report said.\n\u2018Dr. Fed;\u2019 \u2018Monetary Morphine\u2019\nTwo-year Treasury yields increased two basis points to 0.30 percent and 30-year rates added four basis points to 3.15 percent today. Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas President Richard Fisher said he opposes additional Fed purchases of securities and urged Wall Street to get ready to become less dependent on monetary easing.\n\u201cI would suggest to you that, if the data continue to improve, however gradually, the markets should begin preparing themselves for the good Dr. Fed to wean them from their dependency rather than administer further dosage,\u201d Fisher said today in the text of a speech in Dallas. Financial markets \u201chave becom", "What challenge do school administrators face regarding collaboration with teachers unions according to the text", "Artist Ekene Ijeoma will join the MIT Media Lab, founding and directing the Poetic Justice research group, in January 2019. Ijeoma, who will be an assistant professor, works at the intersections of design, architecture, music, performance, and technology, creating multisensory artworks from personal experiences, social issues, and data studies.\nIjeoma's work explores topics and issues ranging from refugee migration to mass incarceration. At its most basic level, the work aspires to embody human conditions, expand people's thoughts, and engage them in imagining change and acting on it. At the lab, Ijeoma will continue this work in developing new forms of justice through artistic representation and intervention.\n\u201cNew forms of justice can emerge through art that engages with social, cultural and political issues \u2014 ones that aren\u2019t tied to codified laws and biased systems,\u201d he says.\nWhen asked to define \u201cpoetic justice,\u201d Ijeoma explained that, for him, the phrase is about using code-switching content, form, context, and function to create artwork with rhythm and harmony that extends our perceptions and exposes the social-political systems affecting us as individuals. An example of this is his \u201cDeconstructed Anthems\u201d project, an ongoing series of music performances and light installations that explores the inequalities of the American Dream and realities of mass incarceration through \u201cThe Star-Spangled Banner,\u201d and \u201cPan-African AIDS,\u201d a sculpture examining the hypervisibility of the HIV/AIDS epidemic in Africa and the hidden one in Black America. \u201cPan-African AIDS,\u201d is on display through April 2019 at the Museum of the City of New York as part of the exhibit Germ City: Microbes and the Metropolis.\nIjeoma\u2019s art practice has been primarily project-based and commission-driven. His recent large works, both deeply conceptual yet highly technical projects, required research and development to happen concurrently", "What measures does the Holy See suggest for enhancing the dignity and human rights of older persons in relation to employment", "ding will go up considerably. In the event you would like to date a handsome girl, you have got to generate several motions. To put it you do not need to date several girls and alternatively it\u2019s potential to select which girls you will korean mail order bride need so far. Consequently, before going to your Ukrainian girl that is sexy, prosper the above things.\na portion of her will forever looking, if you cannot get a woman feel secure. A woman knows afterward you\u2019re dependable. 2030 year on internet online dating web internet sites old ladies get a great deal of admirers, however the ladies are common.\nWhat brings women can appear to become a puzzle for a number of guys and also you\u2019ve got to actually dig down and discover out what secrets of allure that you need to find out if you need to lose some light. Just ensure you never push too much for it, because this is the sort of thing that could wind up turning off a female. The more experience that you have in regards to dating, the more probable it is that you\u2019re going to comprehend what you\u2019d like and which can allow you to attract a woman who is excellent for you. You can find the woman of your dreams if you\u2019re prepared to execute just a small bit of work and facing some rejection from women. With the techniques and strategies, it\u2019s simple to find the woman how much money you earn or that you dream about plus it isn\u2019t important how you look", "What is the dinner option described in the text", "What are some of the challenges elderly individuals face in accessing justice and legal services", "What is the main issue highlighted concerning managers' awareness of customer complaints", "What reasons did Popov give for wanting to change universities", "e coupons and special promotions directly to the Simonds community.\nDid you know?\n- Our 700+ students are proud to wear their Walk-a-Thon t-shirts as part of their Simonds' uniforms and that these shirts are passed on for years to siblings and other Simonds siblings - talk about a long term return on your investment!\nIf you are interested in becoming a sponsor, please email email@example.com for information and benefits", "What are the conflicting values that leaders in Chicago's education system face when dealing with job security and teacher performance", "How many letters are in the word 'padauk' and what are they", "What was the central hypothesis investigated in Mor Meital's research on the effects of boron", "What measures are in place at Hazel Brow Farm to ensure safety during social interactions", "t Raslan Pla & Company, LLC have been successful on completing their own appellate cases on several occasions. They have experience arguing before the 8th District and 9th District appellate courts in Ohio. Even if our attorneys did not work on your case at the lower court level, they are able to successfully take over an appeal at the appellate level.\nIf you believe you have a basis to appeal your case, contact Raslan Pla & Company, LLC to schedule a consultation with one of our experienced and knowledgeable malpractice attorneys. Our appellate attorneys are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week to provide you with the legal representation you need.", "he also works alongside in a similar role.\nDespite her being every bit as capable (if not more so) than him \u2013 when they lived in Dubai for a period, he got a job that paid 35 percent more than her\u2019s did for similar responsibilities.\nBest quote: \u2018Those of you with children \u2013 would you pay your sons 35 percent more pocket money than your daughters?\u2019\nLara Hornby \u2013 BAE Systems\nLara asserted that confidence is a large part of success in business \u2013 and often women need support in accessing this.\nShe highlighted how the Emotion-Truth-Choice (ETC) process has helped her overcome challenges in her professional life.\nBest quote: \u2018Women are unique in their possession of the crack-on gene.\u2019\nSheri Hughes \u2013 PageGroup\nA senior member of PageGroup (our hosts), Sheri detailed how their organisational culture has enabled her to progress from grass roots level to director status.\nBest quote: \u2018The right culture will allow women to progress and succeed.\u2019\nWhat an inspiring afternoon \u2013 thanks to everyone who spoke so honestly and eloquently and to the other women (and men) who attended and listened.\nBut as valuable as I \u2013 and others \u2013 found this event, the focus on the importance of gender equality shouldn\u2019t only happen on International Women\u2019s Day.\nThe fact that such events have to exist show how far there is still to go, even in a developed country, let alone around the world.\nIn our business at the very least, I think the way we support and promote gender parity is crucial in adding our voice to the conversation \u2013 200 years is just not good enough", "What issue does the text raise about the attitudes of the super-rich towards wealth accumulation and its potential impact", "What realization does the invisible man come to about his identity and the limitations imposed by society", "Welcome to the Zend Framework 2 documentation\nThis documentation is based on Zend Framework 2 (master branch)\nVIEW THE DOCUMENTATION ONLINE\nWe used the readthedocs.org project to render online the development version of the documentation of Zend Framework 2.\nYou can read the development online documentation in http://zf2.readthedocs.org.\nYou can read the last stable documentation in http://packages.zendframework.com/docs/latest/manual/en/.\nBuilding the documentation requires Sphinx.\nDescend into the\ndocs/ directory, and run\nmake with one of the following\nepub- build epub (ebook) documentation (requires Calibre to build cross-platform epub versions)\nhelp- build Windows help files\nhtml- build HTML documentation", "achers Union is demanding, means less for everything else\u2014after-school programs, early childhood initiatives, police, public health, everything. Leaders need to hold the line.\nLikewise with the issue of job security. Unions are built to protect their members\u2019 jobs and pensions, regardless of performance. The public, on the other hand, is best served when administrators put the most effective teachers in the classroom, and ask the least effective to find other lines of work. In a system like Chicago\u2019s, where declining enrollment and excess capacity is going to force leaders to close dozens of schools, these closely held values\u2014call them fairness versus meritocracy\u2014are in direct conflict with one another. Happy talk about \u201ccollaboration\u201d won\u2019t sugarcoat that fact.\nConflict is unavoidable\u2014at least if we want our politicians, school boards, and administrators to do the job that we must trust them to do on behalf of children, taxpayers, and the nation\u2019s future.", "What formats can the Zend Framework 2 documentation be built into", "What modifications were made to the Lotus XV #628/3 during its early career", "Things to Do When You\u2019re Goth in the Country & Other Stories\nChavisa Woods, 224 pgs, Seven Stories Press, $29\nGoth has had an unnaturally long lifespan for a subculture. Where other cadres of outcasts and weirdos have come and gone, goth has stuck around and made a home. Art like Chavisa Woods\u2019s Things to Do When You\u2019re Goth in The Country might be the reason for that.\nWoods\u2019 short story collection is a dry-witted, often tender-hearted addition to the coming of age genre. Her cast of primarily queer outsiders grow up in rural Illinois under the shadow of the so-called War on Terror and Christian fundamentalism. They huff whippets, hunt ghosts, and watch as their friends pass away or move on. As one narrator notes, \u201cone student in my school would d", "How has COVID influenced the shift toward healthier and more efficient buildings", "How does Saul's book approach the existing cultural polarities and what is his perspective on Jesus in relation to these debates", "hope for a brighter tomorrow and allows us to take a realistic look at the suffering of the world. Saul also takes us beyond Self-Help culture, helping to see ourselves how God sees us (which affirms the individual without enthroning her).\nThis is a readable and sensitive book. I appreciated the way that Sauls navigated the cultural polarities and highlighted a third way. His opening chapter, begins with an anecdote where one of his sermons caused one person to dismiss him as a right-wing extremist while another congregant thought he was a left-wing Marxist (3). Often the way of Jesus is unsatisfying to all parties on the battlelines. But it is a better way!\nSauls does not offer an exhaustive treatment of every important issue. Nor does he name every battleline. Two big issues that I think white, conservative evangelicals need to approach with generousity are systemic racial injustice and climate change. The past few years has highlighted ways in which our legal system treats minorities. Think Ferguson and similar tragic encounters between African Americans and police and the ongoing problem of minority mass incarceration. The dismissal of climate change by those on the Right and the alarmism of the Left reveals the way special interest has sometimes framed the contours of debate. Sauls can\u2019t cover everything, but given the current significance of these issues, I wish they were handled head-on.\nSauls isn\u2019t the first author to explore the way Jesus defies our polarities. I think of Shane Claiborne\u2019s Jesus For President, Tony Campolo\u2019s is Jesus a Republican or Democrat? or Sojourner magazine\u2019s \u201cGod is Not a Republican . . .or a Democrat\u201d campaign. But these represent attempts from progressive evangelicals to bring balance to the force. Sauls is a conservative voice with strong convictions who has listened well to those across the aisle from him. This book promotes a generous conversational tone with Christians who are different from us and those outside the faith. I give this four stars.\nNotice of material connection: I received this book from the Tyndale Blog Network in exchange for my honest review", "What responsibilities does the Nursing Instructor have in helping nursing assistant students according to the text", "For over 40 years, Moore Truck & Equipment Co. has provided dependable, quality transportation equipment for the oilfield industry. We distribute multiple lines of new and reconditioned oilfield trailers to all the major oilfield regions in the U.S. and abroad. Our product line reflects all types of oilfield trailers including lowboys, jeeps, boosters, dollies, oilfield floats, extendable oilfield lowboys & stepdecks and cooler-hauling trailers.\nMoore offers a diverse line of heavy-duty, high-performance trailers built to meet industry competition standards and designed to transport drilling rig components, natural gas compressors, and all other he", "What was the main focus of the #PressForProgress event attended on International Women\u2019s Day", "ie, and also, one girl would get pregnant, so I guess it evened out. It was a stable population.\u201d\nWoods is often sympathetic, but never fully indulges in nostalgia. That\u2019s partly because violence is a regular, under-lying presence haunting characters\u2019 lives, and it\u2019s rarely sidelined for a neat conclusion or an overwrought life lesson.\nThis is at its most absurd in \u201cA New Mohawk,\u201d in which a small-scale flesh and blood replica of the Gaza Strip sprouts out of the protagonist\u2019s head. Woods quickly ditches the novelty of her premise, opting instead for mundane consequences.\nWoods\u2019 gallows humour effortlessly balances the punk absurdity of these moments with the measured sincerity of growing up, enough to make a trip home to rural Illinois worthwhile", "This Lotus XV is one of about 22 survivors and is the last one built by the factory. It is #628/3 (indicating a series 3 car). While not raced on the continent, it had an illustrious and successful early career here competing mainly in south central US and Nassau driven by JC Kilburn. A Buick 215 dry sump motor replaced the FPF in the late '60s and #628 was extensively shown in the upper Mid West while registered and driven on the street.\nThe KTR restoration will come full circle back to the FPF even though the Buick remains with the Lotus.\nRacing Prep & Trackside Support\nFor decades, KTR has maintained a standard of excellence in vintage and historic racing. Our goal is to provide our racing customers with well-prepared cars and convenient trackside supp", "What impact do changes in the federal funds rate have on mortgage rates", "In a very interesting column in yesterday's NYTimes, Austan Goolsbee spells out statistics about the richest people in the world, and the largest philanthropists' gifts. Only Warren Buffet is on both lists. There are a lot of bazillionaires who don't seem to have any particular vision of what their money is for - they can't spend it all in their lifetimes, and neither can their heirs.\n\"... the super-rich can\u2019t be accumulating the money with the intention of spending it, either, because no one could spend that much.To see his point, take Oracle\u2019s founder, Lawrence J. Ellison. Mr. Ellison\u2019s net worth last year was around $16 billion. And it will probably be much bigger when the list comes out in a few weeks. With $16 billion and a 10 percent rate of return, Mr. Ellison would need to spend more than $30 million a week simply to keep from accumulating more money than he already has, to say nothing of trying to spend down the $16 billion itself. He spent something like $100 million on his Japanese-style mansion", "What colors and design details are featured in the women's longsleeve turtleneck sweater from the 70s made by Bradley", "The following is a digital presentation of An Orderly and Decent Government, an exhibition on the history of representative government in Connecticut developed by the Connecticut Humanities in April, 2000, and put on display in the Capitol concourse of the Legislative Office Building, Capitol Avenue, Hartford.\nFor almost four hundred years, Connecticut legislators have sought \u201cthe common good.\u201d But the agenda of the legislature has always been set by changes in the world around it. Wars, shifts in the economy, political victories and other significant events and developments have constantly reshaped life in Connecticut and challenged the legislature to redefine the common good. To Thomas Hooker and Connecticut\u2019s founders, the common good meant enforced religious conformity. To 19th-century legislators, it meant unhindered economic growth; by the 1930s, the common good meant massive public assistance for victims of the Great Depression.\nFrom the very first, Connecticut\u2019s search for the common good rested on the idea of representation. While today we take for granted that each adult should have an equal vote, very different notions prevailed for much of our history. We\u2019ve always felt that legis", "What themes are explored in Chavisa Woods' short story collection, 'Things to Do When You\u2019re Goth in the Country'", "What types of appellate cases has Raslan Pla & Company, LLC successfully completed", "dern protest. The collection features a series of digital sculptures created by visual artist Jam Sutton using 3d scanning techniques of real-life models. The collection conceptually juxtaposes classical aesthetics with current events.\nHigh quality digital print on 100% fair trade ethical cotton.\nPlease allow 7-14 days for delivery", "Ivan Popov, 44\nJob advertised in The THES , April 4 2003\nNew Directions Lecturer in Rapid Product Development\nDepartment of Mechanical and Design Engineering\nThe position advertised by Portsmouth University's Regional Centre for Manufacturing Industry formed part of its bid to strengthen its academic and research team by cutting the time it takes to turn concepts into marketable products.\nNick Bennet, director of the RCMI, says the post is linked to the university's knowledge-transfer strategy. Of the many applicants, he says, Ivan Popov, a Bulgarian, was chosen because \"he has a blend of research and commercial experience as well as skills in engineering and new technologies\".\nPopov came to the UK five years ago to work at Cardiff University as a senior research associate specialising in manufacture, quality management and metrology. Before that, he had lectured", "Definition of padauk\nThe word padauk uses 6 letters: a, a, d, k, p, u\npadauk is playable in:\nHook words of padauk\nThese are words formed by appending one lette", "What features do the Salon Priv\u00e9 tables offer for high rollers at Regent Play Blackjack", "What do the 700+ students at Simonds specifically wear as part of their uniforms", "Motivated, enthusiastic with 8 years experience fostering a cohesive student learning atmosphere. A challenging opportunity to teach as a Nursing Instructor in an educational setting, where my leadership, collaboration, and accomplishments will contribute to the success of the organization.\n01/2011 - Current\nCollege of DuPage \uff0d Glen Ellyn, IlBasic Nurse Assistant Educator\nResponsible for helping the development and competency of the nursing assistant student under the direction of the program coordinator.\nResponsible to demonstrate the competency/student return demonstration and evaluation of the competency.\nPrepared students for State of Illinois Certification Exam-21 skills mandated by Illinois Department Public Health.\nInstruction of Theory/ Lab simulation/ and Clinical Instruction.\nPrepared and created test questions for CNA Exams\nInitiated active learning in the classroom\nAlways ranked 4.0-4.5 out of 5 on student evaluations\n01/2010 - 11/20", "What is the role of the appellate court in connection with decisions made by lower courts", "A version of this post appears in today's New York Times Room for Debate forum, \"Must Teachers and School Officials Be Foes?\"\nIt\u2019s rarely wise for administrators (or school boards, or mayors) to pick unnecessary fights, but it\u2019s also unwise to shy away from those that need to be fought through on behalf of the public interest.\nAdministrators and elected officials have a duty to look out for the public fisc.\nSchool systems like Chicago\u2019s face many opportunities for collaboration with teachers unions. For example, preparing to teach to the new, higher \u201cCommon Core\u201d standards is an effort best done together, with the expertise of front-line teachers playing a key role.\nBut there are other times when the interests of the teachers and those of the broader public are not the same. Especially when money is tight, administrators (and elected officials like Rahm Emmanuel) have a duty to look out for the public fisc. More cash for teacher salaries, as the Chicago Te", "What is the focus of Ekene Ijeoma's artistic work and research at the MIT Media Lab", "What are the main themes discussed in the context of Connecticut's representative government and its legislature", "with the production of the work. At the Media Lab, with more space for trial and error and failure, he will have the resources and facilities to stay reflective and proactive, to create work outside of commissions, and to expand more artworks into series. In addition, he will have opportunities for more listening to and meditating on issues.\n\u201cLike many artists,\u201d said Ijeoma, \u201cA lot of my work comes from vibing and forward thinking \u2014 channeling my environment and signaling out the noise.\u201d This aspect of his practice is reflected in work such as \u201cThe Refugee Project \u201d (2014), released a few months before the European refugee crisis, and \u201cLook Up\u201d (2016), released a few days before Pokemon Go; and more recently \u201cPan-African AIDS\u201d which was presented as news was breaking on the underreported AIDS epidemic in the black populations in areas including the American South.\nIjeoma\u2019s work has been commissioned and presented by venues and events including the Museum of Modern Art, The Kennedy Center, the Design Museum, the Istanbul Design Biennial, Fondation EDF, the Annenberg Space for Photography, the Neuberger Museum of Art at the State University of New York at Purchase, and Storefront for Art and Architecture.\n\u201cWe are thrilled that Ekene Ijeoma will be joining the Media Lab and MAS program,\u201d said Tod Machover, head of the Program in Media Arts and Sciences, the Media Lab\u2019s academic program. \u201cEkene\u2019s work is brilliant, bold, and beautiful, and the way he combines expression, reflection, innovation, and activism will place him at the absolute center of Media Lab culture, hopefully for many years to come.\u201d\nEkene Ijeoma graduated with a BS in information technology from Rochester Institute of Technology, and an MA in interaction design from Domus Academy. He has lectured and critiqued at Yale University, Harvard Law School, Columbia University, New York University, the School of Visual Arts, and The New School.", "You\u2019d think that after having Monday off for Labor Day that this week would fly by, but it\u2019s been such a busy week that it felt longer than normal. Today I woke up feeling like I was fighting off getting sick, which wouldn\u2019t be all that surprising since apparently strep is going around. Thankfully I felt better as the day wore on, although I\u2019m still not at 100%. I\u2019ll be heading to bed soon \u2013 I\u2019m hoping for a productive day tomorrow!\nIn the morning my friend Chemese and I are braving a 3-mile walk/run \u2013 from the description, I get the feeling it\u2019ll be a tamer version of the Warrior Dash. Regardless, it sounds like a fun way to get in some exercise. Wish us luck!\nIn the spirit of getting to bed early, let\u2019s go ahead and talk about food for the day:\nBreakfast: Soy Chorizo Egg Stack with Roasted Mango (330 calories)\nCompletely forgot to take a photo of this one, but I actually had it while on the Gold plan, so you can see a photo of it here if you\u2019d like. It tasted just as good as I remembered it from last time \u2013 I seriously would never guess I wasn\u2019t ea", "11th Session of the\nOpen-Ended Working Group on Ageing\non Agenda Item 5, \"Measures to enhance the promotion and protection of the human rights and dignity of older persons\"\nUnited Nations Headquarters, 29 March \u2013 1 April, 2021\nThe Holy See is grateful to Your Excellency and the Bureau of the Open-Ended Working Group on Ageing for all its efforts in advance of this 11th session and is pleased to participate in the general discussion.\nOn the dignity and human rights on the elderly\nOur discussions in this working group seek to contribute to strengthening the protection of the human rights of older persons. If the enjoyment of universally recognized human rights is to mean something, it must be founded on human dignity. This dignity, however, is often undermined and rejected whenever persons \u201care no longer seen as a paramount value to be cared for and respected, especially when poor or disabled, \u2018not yet useful\u2019 like the unborn, or \u2018no longer needed\u2019 like the elderly.\u201d The most effective way to weaken the struggle for justice, Pope Francis warns us, is to empty great words of their meaning. This clearly takes place when the elderly are thrown aside, even when doing so is justified by a distorted notion of \u201chuman rights.\u201d We need, rather, an approach in which the inherent value of the elderly is recognized, protected, cherished and advanced. The Holy See strongly believes that \u201cthose who make room for the elderly make room for life!\u201d\nOn the two focus areas\nIn the labour market and the world of work, many elderly continue to face unjust age discrimination that undermines the dignity both of their work and of them as workers. This comes to the fore in all aspects of work, including application and hiring processes, the work experience itself, and opportunities after retirement. The elderly worker has wisdom, experience and skills that should not be cast aside.\nResponses to the problems the elderly face in employment, however, should be carefully crafted so as not to have inadvertent and adverse effects. Addressing employment challenges of the older generations should not be framed as creating competition with other age groups. Placing too much emphasis on continued workforce participation should not suggest that retirement is a failure or that one\u2019s value depends on productivity. Focusing only on paid work risks trivializing the irreplaceable unpaid work in the family so often done by elderly. Such concrete contributions to the family \u2014 as well as to society through elderly volunteers \u2014 deserve much greater recognition. Many States already offer very concrete and practical ways for the elderly to engage in society, including through cultural, social and leisure programmes; where possible, such measures should be expanded.\nProviding", "The good folks at Victoria's Secret, makers of all things tiny and silky, and holder of much of my personal credit card debt, keeping finding new and hotter bikinis to strap onto the new and hotter Erin Heatherton to make their apparel look amazing and convince us men that if only we drove the right car, we might someday run our hands over a wet, tiger print bikini bottom-", "How much did foreign investors increase their holdings of U.S. government debt since the beginning of the Fed's Treasury purchases in 2009", "|M.Sc Student||Mor Meital|\n|Subject||In Vitro Effects of Boron on Enzyme Reactions involved in|\n|Department||Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering||Supervisors||Professor Emeritus Peter Neumann|\n|Professor Carlos Dosoretz|\n|Full Thesis text - in Hebrew|\nBoron is widely distributed throughout the Earth\u2019s land and water. Relatively high concentrations are often found in dry terrains, such as in the Negev desert and Jordan valley in Israel. Boron is an essential plant micro-element that is absorbed from soil water by the roots.\nBoron concentrations in soils can be increased when crops are irrigated with recycled waste water. Excessive accumulation of boron in plants leads to growth inhibition.\nThe functioning of boron in plant (and animal) cells is related to its ability to form complexes with cis-diols on sugars, and phenolic compounds such as caffeic acid. Caffeic acid is an essential precursor in the complex lignin synthesis pathway. Deposition of phenolic cross links and lignin in plant cell walls decreases wall extensibility and inhibits cell growth. A central hypothisis investigated in this research was that high cellular boron levels might increase lignin biosynthesis, and thereby reduce plant growth.\nIn vitro effects of boron complexation with caffeic acid on enzymatic reactions involved in lignin biosynthesis were therefore investigated.", "What features and variants does Regent Play offer for Blackjack players", "Appellate practice is the legal area where attorneys apply to a higher court for a reversal of the decision of the lower court. Appellate cases are presented to a panel of judges as opposed to a jury as in a trial case. The panel will normally decide to reverse, affirm or vacate the decision of the lower court. In an appellate case, an appellate brief is filed and the attorney will argue an oral argument in front of the panel of judges.\nThe standard of review will depend on the nature of the claimed error. The appellate court will use the trial court record to review what occurred and make a decision on whether the lower court erred or not.\nThe attorneys a", "Yesterday I was lucky enough to attend the #PressForProgress event for International Women\u2019s Day at Manchester\u2019s Castlefield Rooms \u2013 the city having rebranded for the day as \u2018WoManchester\u2019.\nAs the World Economic Forum recently stated that \u2018gender parity is over 200 years away\u2018 \u2013 the importance of progress and women supporting women is as high as ever.\nThis event was organised by Page Group and chaired by Claire-Marie Boggiano of Lurig Ltd, a business change and people development specialist, who introduced each guest speaker.\nThe roster was impressive \u2013 and pretty long \u2013 so I\u2019ve summed up below what each person covered and my favourite take-away points.\nCollette King \u2013 Equity Housing Group\nCollette talked about fostering \u2018cultures of trust and flexibility\u2019 to make jobs more accessible and also about building confidence and conviction in women, to see off workplace issues like \u2018imposter syndrome\u2019.\nBest quote: \u2018People should always feel as though they can bring their whole selves to work.\u2019\nJenny Davies \u2013 M24Seven\nUnderstanding that being out of your comfort zone isn\u2019t always a bad thing \u2013 especially for women in senior leadership positions \u2013 is something Jenny covered.\nBy becoming more comfortable with the fact that certain people around her know more than she does in specific areas, she has become better able to focus on her responsibilities as an MD.\nBest quote: \u2018It\u2019s ok to be comfortable with being uncomfortable.\u2019\nStuart Lunn \u2013 Manchester Airport Group\nThe only male speaker, Stuart told an illuminating tale about his wife \u2013 who", "e hooked on the monetary morphine we provided\u201d after the 2008 financial crisis, he said.\nFor all the concern that the $10 trillion market for Treasuries is dependent on Fed purchases to absorb expanding supply, the amount held by investors outside the U.S. has grown even more. Foreigners increased holdings of U.S. government debt by $1.84 trillion to a record $5 trillion since the Fed began the first round of Treasury purchases in May 2009, taking their stake to 60.5 percent of the securities not held by the central bank, government data show. The Fed added $1.18 trillion during that period, to $1.65 trillion, or 16.8 percent of the total.\nThe Stoxx Europe 600 Index (SXXP) fell 0.6 percent. Rio Tinto Group led mining shares lower as copper slid. Salzgitter AG sank 5.4 percent amid uncertainty over the steelmaker\u2019s outlook. BP Plc advanced 1.6 percent after reaching a $7.8 billion settlement with businesses and individuals harmed by the Gulf of Mexico oil spill in 2010.\nRussia\u2019s Micex Index (MICEX) gained 1.1 percent after Vladimir Putin won a presidential election in an endorsement of his pledge to continue to privatize state companies and undertake political reform.\nAmong European bond markets, rates on Spanish and Italian 10-year debt increased at least two basis points, while remaining below 5 percent. Germany\u2019s 10-year yield added three basis points to 1.83 percent. The rate on Greece\u2019s 10-year debt fell 56 basis points to 36.54 percent after reaching a record 37 percent on March 2, according to Bloomberg generic yields.\nGreece expects bondholders to accept a one-time offer to write off about 100 billion euros ($140 billion) of Greek debt and is ready to force them to participate if necessary, Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos said.\n\u201cThis is the best offer,\u201d Venizelos said in a Bloomberg Television interview with Nicole Itano in Athens today. \u201cThis is the best offer because this is the only one, the only existing offer.\u201d\nThe Greek government has set a 75 percent participation rate as a threshold for proceeding with the transaction, in which investors will forgive 53.5 percent of their principal and exchange their remaining holdings for new Greek government bonds and notes from the European Financial Stability Facility.\nThe private investors that declared their participation in Greece\u2019s debt restructuring hold about 20 percent of the bonds involved in a swap required for an international bailout. The 12 members of the creditors\u2019 steering committee that said today they would join in the exchange have debt with a face value of about 40 billion euros ($53 billion).\nThe yen climbed 0.3 percent against the euro and advanced 0.5 percent versus the dollar. The euro strengthened 0.2 percent to $1.3224 as it appreciated against 13 of 16 major peers.\nThe S&P GSCI gauge of commodities was little changed as 18 of 24 materials retreated, overshadowing gains in cotton, corn and heating oil. Cotton jumped the daily maximum allowed of 4 cents a pound, or 4.5 percent, after India halted exports. India is the second-biggest exporter after the U.S.\nSpeculators increased bets on higher agricultural prices to a five-month high on mounting concern that a South American drought will curb supplies of soybeans, corn and sugar at a time of record global demand. A measure of speculative positions across 11 farm goods jumped 26 percent to 607,721 futures and options in the week ended Feb. 28, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission data show.\nChina may \u201cappropriately\u201d widen the yuan\u2019s trading band to better reflect market supply and demand, Xinhua News Agency reported, citing People\u2019s Bank of China Governor Zhou Xiaochuan. Zhou said the yuan has gradually met the requirements to become more of a floating currency, Xinhua reported. As China improves its industrial structure and gradually reduces its trade surplus, the yuan is now moving \u201cvery close\u201d to a \u201cbalanced level,\u201d Xinhua reported in English, citing Zhou.\nIn today\u2019s trading, the yuan declined to its weakest level in almost a month. The central bank weakened the currency\u2019s daily fixing by 0.22 percent, setting it at 6.3121 per dollar.\nThe Taiex index retreated 1.4 percent after Taiwanese technology companies reported slumping sales. The BSE India Sensitive Index fell 1.6 percent before the results of state elections tomorrow that may be crucial in determining the future of the ruling Congress Party\u2019s economic agenda.\nTo contact the editor responsible for this story: Nick Baker at email@example.com", "What does the text imply about Erin Heatherton's appearance and its effect on the observer", "How does Woods balance absurdity and seriousness in her portrayal of characters' experiences", "in Woodside, Calif., making it among the more expensive private residences ever built. But that is only about three weeks worth of the interest he earns on his wealth. And a house doesn\u2019t actually spend down his net worth because it is an asset that can be resold. At least part of the $100 million is just a different way of saving. Mr. Ellison would have to spend that $30 million a week \u2014 $183,000 an hour \u2014 on things that can\u2019t be resold, like parties or meals, just to avoid increasing his wealth. While somebody might be able to spend like that \u2014 Paris Hilton, maybe \u2014 it certainly wouldn\u2019t be easy, and it can\u2019t explain why the super-rich accumulate.\"Indeed, what is the point? He offers various explanations, but I have an additional one. Just because you're good at making money doesn't give you vision. I suspect many of them are lacking in imagination of what could be done with their money, and lose track of its potential impact. Many of us do this on a much smaller scale, so why should they be any different", "Thank you to our Platinum Sponsors for the 2017-2018 school year!\nThank you to our Gold Sponsors for the 2017-2018 school year!\nSponsorship levels and benefits\nIt pays to be an SMTF sponsor!\nYour business will be in front of 530+ Simonds families who participate in our Walk-A-Thon, school musicals and more.\nOur parent community lives in Almaden and supports local businesses like yours!\nEnjoy the opportunity to distribut", " \u2013 Many managers would rather not know, but not knowing can be detrimental to your customers\u2019 experience.\n- Why Employees Don\u2019t Pass Along Customer Complaints \u2013 If you rarely receive customer complaints from your front line employees, then read this article immediately!\n- Customer Service: Start With The End In Mind \u2013 Thoughts about whether customers or employees should be the primary focus of a new company.\n- How To Get More Customer Service Complaints! \u2013 Frequent customer complaints may not necessarily be a bad thing.\n- Is Your Customer Routing Strategy Like A Paper Map? \u2013 A fantastic metaphor and strategy for how contact center routing should operate.\n- 10 Companies With Excellent Customer Service \u2013 Can\u2019t say I agree with number 6, but what do you think?\n- Come In As Strangers, Leave As Friends \u2013 If you succeed in making your customers feel like friends, you could earn their loyalty for a long time.\n- Why New Customer Rewards Stink For The Rest Of Us \u2013 A lesson for businesses that loyal customers deserve rewards and appreciation just as much as new customers do.\n- Could You Compete Against a Customer Experience Giant? \u2013 Smaller retailers must be prepared to top the customer experience of their bigger and cheaper competitors.\n- Loyalty Is Earned, Not a Given \u2013 A strong case for why loyalty must be earned and how easily it can be lost by a business.\n- WOM Tip #215: Remarkable Thank-You Notes Amplify Customer Feedback \u2013 An incredibly creative and memorable way one customer service rep said thanks!\nSomeone Was Listening\nSometimes the most popular post from the previous month; sometimes just the one I liked best.\nThis month we were proud to debut When Customers Stick: Customer Retention by the Numbers (Infographic), our first CTS infographic! The infographic illustrates a few great customer retention statistics with some fun visuals and graphics. Take a look; we\u2019d love to hear what you think", "What are the four main muscle groups of the legs that women should focus on for muscular development", "What approach does Scott Sauls advocate for when dealing with divisive issues within Christianity", "The legs comprise dozens of different muscles, but are generally divided into four main muscle groups: quadriceps of the front thigh, adductors of the inner thigh, hamstrings of the back thigh, and triceps surae of the posterior lower leg. These are the largest and most evident muscle groups of the legs, and women should focus on working these muscle groups if the goal is to get more muscular legs. For each exercise, you should perform three to five sets of 10 to 12 repetitions, and take a two-minute rest between each set to allow your muscles to recover.\nItems you will need\n- Weight plate\nDumbbell Wide-Stance Squat\nGrasp a dumbbell in each hand. Position the dumbbells by your sides with your arms straight, and stand with your body upright and your feet positioned in a wide stance on the ground.\nBend your hips and knees to lower your body until your thighs are parallel the ground. Make sure to keep your back straight throughout the motion.\nStraighten your hips and knees out to raise your body up to the initial point. Keep your back straight during the movement.\nBarbell Good Morning\nHold the barbell over your upper back with your arms bent, and stand with your body upright and feet separated at a dist", "70s -Bradley- Womens heathered blue with navy blue and red striping on this polyester, longsleeve turtleneck sweater with back zippered closure.", "What type of cameras is the Joby Gorillapod SLR Zoom Tripod designed to support", "Invisible Man Chapter 4 summary\n2/10/11 The Invisible Man\u2019s realization of his own identity \u201c Something strange and miraculous and transforming is taking place in me right now \u2026 as I stand before you! \u201d These were the words spoken by the invisible man in Harlem during his first speech as a member of the brotherhood. That night, as one might suggest, the invisible man had an epiphany. Perhaps he started to realize his own identity after searching for it for so long.\nThe invisible man\u2019s blind character also became conscious that he is not the only one who sees his sudden success.Some members of the brotherhood feels as though the invisible man was not scientific enough and chastise him for an otherwise incredible speech. Could it perhaps be a way for the white members of the brotherhood to keep the invisible man from surpassing them? Throughout the narrative, the invisible man\u2019s achievements are usually short-lived due to the fact that the white society wouldn\u2019t allow a black man to succeed. The invisible man\u2019s grandfather warned him, he should always try to better himself while making the white man thinks that he\u2019s still being controlled by the white society.Slowly but surely, the invisible man finally comes to term with the idea that he will always be seen as a stereotype and always be socially invisible. The invisible man\u2019s constant struggle with society to show his identity makes him realize that he has been part of a stereotype.\nEvery time a door opens for him to shine through, a white man is there to slam the door shut. The invisible man knows that because society is not ready for an educated black man in high places, he is forced to suppress his oratory skills.Early in his life, the invisible man spoke publicly to a predominantly white crowd on the struggles of the average black man of that particular era. After giving his speech, the invisible man is awarded with a scholarship to go to college. However, as his grandfather would warn him, the white society does not want to see a black man succeed. He would soon find out that his grandfather\u2019s beliefs were to some extent true.\nAfter an unfortunate incident with a rich white trustee of the college the invisible man was attending, he is expelled from school. However, Dr.Bledsoe, the college presiden", "You need to be in a posture to generate the approach and be more than capable of talking with women that you don\u2019t possess plenty of prior history with. Compared to men, women possess a inclination to make your choice in line and they\u2019re sensitive. Meeting women in clubs can be hard.\nThe Fundamental Truth About The Way To Date\nSome men think it\u2019s cool to speak loud and be rude for their buddies, to become in a position to pull attention. Many time that they say they could earn for the lifetime and in addition have a bank balance but actually if it comes to the subject of spending they hate spending especially after becoming bonded into a relationship. Most men don\u2019t have any idea just how to talk and socialize with ladies.\nIt might be tricky to approach women. Therefore, in the event that you would like to understand just how to meet girls, then you would like to assertively and actively go after what you wish. It\u2019s rather straightforward to impress women provided that you do not look exactly as if you\u2019re wanting to impress them. Follow the hints above if you really have to understand just how exactly to discover this woman to like and stick to you personally. Quit waiting for the woman that is very ideal to arrive together, you have to be proactive and go out and find her.\nIf you seek the types of girls who you are most likely to link with without a lot of difficulty, your likelihood of succee", "What were some notable works created by Ekene Ijeoma and their significance in relation to timely events", "What is the focus of episode one in the sustainable buildings series regarding ENERGY STAR certification", "What needs to be dynamically added to the DOM via jQuery after a successful ajax request on the view page", "t gives him several recommendation letters to take with him to New York in search of a job so he could pay his way through the last year of school. Following multiple attempts at getting a job, the invisible man finally learns that the letters in question were actually meant to keep him from getting a job. As they read: \u201c keep this nigger boy running. \u201d He starts to realize his invisibility in society.\nOne symbolic scenario in the book is when the author finally takes a job at a paint factory. He is given a black substance to be mixed with discolored substance paint.Upon mixing, the discolored substance turns white. One way to interpret this scene would be that no matter how much a black man tries to stand out in society, his work will always go to the advantage of the white race.\nJust as his superb oratory skills went to the benefit of the white members who controlled the brotherhood. Another intriguing point to take into account is the fact the factory\u2019s name was Liberty paint. They were renowned for their incredible white paint. It\u2019s comical in sense that the white color\u2019s authenticity and liberty came at the expense of a black substance.One other symbolic scene that compliments this idea is when the invisible man finds brother Clifton selling \u201cSambo\u201d dolls in the street.\nThe invisible man contemplates deep in his thoughts while looking at the dolls. The dolls are like marionettes. They move in a certain way only as to the extent of the white man who is pulling on the strings. The invisible man states in the epilogue: \u201c And my problem was that I always tried to go in everyone else\u2019s way but my own.\nI have also been called on thing and then another while no one really wished to hear what I called myself.So after years of trying to adopt the opinions of others I finally rebelled. I am an invisible man. \u201d In this excerpt, it is clear that in the end, the invisible man has finally realized that much like the \u201cSambo\u201d dolls, is identity and actions are limited by the prejudices of society.\nFrom the speech in Harlem to his self-realization in the epilogue, the invisible man has finally realize his identity. As he states in chapter 25 during his confrontation with Ras, \u201c I knew it was better to live out one\u2019s own absurdity than to die for that of others. \u201d", "What is the importance of gender equality as highlighted in the event discussed, and who were some of the speakers representing different industries", "Sometimes we approach issues ready to do battle. Talk-radio warns us of a subversive liberal agenda while the rest of the media caricatures conservatives as money-grubbing, hate-mongering xenophobics. Often faith gets co-opted in debate. Evangelicals are defined, in many eyes, by their stance on abortion and traditional marriage. Progressive Christians are written off for their lack of theological substance. Is there a way to \u2018stop taking sides\u2019? Can we approach issues without drawing battlelines? Is it possible to listen and hear the good on all sides of an issue and still offer a critique? This is the approach that Scott Sauls commends in Jesus Outside the Lines. He aims at approaching issues and people in ways that are generous and tolerant and with clarity and conviction. This doesn\u2019t mean watered-down niceness anymore than having strong beliefs means we have licenses to be jerky.\nSaul\u2019 has two parts to his book. In part one he focuses on issues that divide Christians from one another. These include Red and Blue politics, abortion and justice for the poor, personal faith versus the institutional church and our different approaches to money. Sauls can find things on both sides of these issues to affirm. I liked his chapter on money because he points to a middle way between pursuing financial blessing and feeling guilty about our enjoyment of money. I appreciate that the extremes of prosperity and poverty are to be avoided (though I still weigh sacrificial giving/living a little more).\nIn part two, Sauls promotes a generous response to those \u2018outside the lines of Christianity.\u2019 He argues that Christians should be quick to affirm the good in culture while still offering our critique. He gives a plea for us to emphasize both accountability for oppressors and compassion for victims. He challenges us to not write off each other as mere hypocrites but to see that we are all works in progress. Sauls gives a traditional defense of human sexuality but one that is sensitive to the LGBTQ community and the ways that they have sometimes been treated by the Christian community. He showcases how Jesus imparts", "What type of new bikinis is Victoria's Secret promoting with model Erin Heatherton", "What does 'Master Cancel' allow customers to do for new bookings at Hazel Brow after 1 June 2020", "POST TAGSMarket Updates\nBlog posted On September 19, 2022\nMortgage rates trended higher last week after the consumer price index showed much higher levels of inflation than what economists were expecting. The market was also preparing for the upcoming Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting later this week, which will reveal any increases to the benchmark interest rate. Oftentimes the market tries to predict any hikes the Fed might make and price itself for those changes.\nThe Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) sets the federal funds rate. The federal funds rate will influence mortgage rates but not set them exactly. When the Fed raises rates, mortgage rates typically go up. When the Fed lowers rates, mortgage rates typically go down. Following the Fed\u2019s most recent meeting, it announced another rate hike of 0.75%, which brought the Federal Funds Rate to a range of 2.25%-2.50%. Following months of stronger-than-expected economic reports and resilient inflation levels, many experts are predicting another aggressive move by the Fed this week.\nHousing starts track ground broken on residential pro", "What is the time frame within which a customer can return an item for a refund or exchange", "What are the primary responsibilities of the Charge Nurse and Centering Pregnancy Group Facilitator at the Visiting Nurses Association of Fox Valley Aurora", "s a Risk Assessment in place and a process to maintain cleanliness and aid social distancing.\nFor further details, enquiries and to make bookings please don't hesitate to contact us via one of the methods below. We'd love to hear from you!\nCopyright \u00a9 2020 Hazel Brow Farm", "avy-haul related needs. Our products come from the industry\u2019s most respected trailer brands, including Holden, KalynSiebert, Viking, Advanced, XL Specialized, Load King, Blackstone, and Pitts. We work closely with our manufacturers to provide unbeatable service and support.\nIn business since 1973, Moore Truck & Equipment Co. has over four decades of industry experience in providing oilfield service companies with custom spec\u2019d trailers. A strong commitment to excellence and integrity, along with providing the most up-to-date and reliable equipment, are what inspires our repeat customers who understand the value we place on quality and relationships", "What was the seasonally adjusted annual rate of housing starts in July, and how did it compared to the previous month", "I want to document this nifty little thing I did today because, unfortunately it turns out that I can\u2019t use it for this particular page at all. But there will be a day when I can use it. And the me of that day is really going to be keen on the me of today for creating this blog post.\nHere\u2019s the scenario:\nI have an action on my view page that makes an ajax request. If that request is successful, I dynamically add some elements to the DOM via jQuery. However, I found that I also needed to dynamically add in all this extra HTML that was usually contained in a cake view/element. So how the heck do you do that? Here\u2019s how:\nThe view element contains the HTML for a table tr (which contains in it a form). That form needs to be pre-populated with data about this particular parent element. It was going to be real messy to recreate all that HTML in a JS function, not to mention it goes against the DRY concept. So here\u2019s how to load that view element:\n- Create the container in jQuery for the element (my actual code was a little more complex):\n$(\u2018<tr class = \u201ceditform hidden\u201d ></tr>\u2019).insertAfter(\u2018table > tbody > tr:first\u2019);\nSo now I have a tr element in my table that I can use to load my elemen", "lators should represent the will of the people. But who selects these officials and whether they should reflect the whole society they serve has been debated for most of the span of Connecticut\u2019s representative form of government.\nSince its very beginning, the legislature itself has changed enormously in the way it conducts its business and in the resources at its disposal to do the people\u2019s work more effectively. These transformations, too, are part of the story of representative government in Connecticut.\nThe General Assembly\u2019s continuing challenge has been making self-government work. The simple society of Connecticut\u2019s founders has long since disappeared, but still with us after all these years is the conviction that we can govern ourselves successfully. That commitment to representative government runs like a straight line throughout our history, connecting us directly to those visionaries who first placed their faith in the people almost four centuries ago.\nThe Connecticut General Assembly is one of longest continually active legislative bodies in the history of the world. This is its story.\nClick on a picture above to learn its story or take the tour in its entirety by clicking \u201cNext.\u201d", "ance a bit wider than shoulder-width apart.\nBend your hips, keeping your knees almost fully extended, until your back is parallel to the ground. Keep your back as straight as possibly during the motion.\nStraighten out your hips until you are back in the upright position. Maintain a straight-back position while doing this motion.\nStanding Dumbbell One-Legged Calf Raise\nGrasp a dumbbell in your right hand using an overhand grip. Position the toes of your right foot on the edge of a weight plate. Cross your left leg behind your right leg, and stand with your torso upright.\nPlantarflex (flex) your right ankle to rise up on the toes of your right foot.\nExtend your right ankle to lower your right heel toward the ground. After you perform the desired number of reps with your right foot, repeat the exercise with your left foot.\n- If you find it difficult to balance your body while doing the standing dumbbell one-legged calf raise, then you should do the exercise with both feet at the same time, holding a dumbbell in each hand.\n- Make sure to consult your health-care professional prior to starting the aforementioned workout program, or any new training regimen.\n- Hemera Technologies/AbleStock.com/Getty Images", "Sustainable Buildings.\nThe first part of our series is about the EPA\u2019s ENERGY STAR certification. Join Patrick Lynch, Brian Hellrigel, and Nick Gordon to learn how to improve energy efficiency with ENERGY STAR.\nEpisode one is all about Portfolio Manager, ENERGY STAR's benchmarking tool. How does a building get ENERGY STAR Certified?\nClick here to watch and find out!", "'Riot\u2019 camo I online exclusive from Collection III/II. Inspired by the Greek marble frieze from the Mausoleum at Halicarnassus, the carving depicts the battle of Greeks and Amazons. The violence of the frieze is translated into a modern-day scenario of riot brutality.\nCollection III takes inspiration from classical sculpture and mo", "clad Erin Heatherton booty, looking ever so moist and pouty and perfect in a Miami pool. And they might just be right.\nErin Heatherton continues to break our hearts and bust our nuts with her potential for prurient perfection. It's always the girls with the innocent faces and the naughty bodies that hurt us the most. I suppose it's Mother Nature's little inside joke. Enjoy", "m\n- Collect + from a local shop from tomorrow, postcode exclusions apply\n- Standard delivery within 5 working days\n- Named or Saturday UK delivery\n- Named day UK delivery pre-10.30am\nInternational delivery not available\nIf you\u2019ve changed your mind about keeping your purchase, please return it in its original condition with proof of purchase and we\u2019ll exchange or refund it. Unless faulty, this should be within 35 days of receiving your order. By original condition, we\u2019d expect this to mean that you\u2019ve kept packaging and labels, and that the item is undamaged and unused.\nYou can return for free in the UK via John Lewis shops, Royal Mail, Collect+ or MyHermes. If you need to arrange collection of large or heavy items, call us on 03456 049 049. For international returns queries, call us on +44 1698 545 454\nYou\u2019ll find returns information on your delivery note. Exceptions apply to certain products - find out more about our refund polic", "ting real chorizo with the eggs! It combines my love of breakfast with my love of Mexican food \u2013 can\u2019t go wrong there!\nLunch: Roasted Provencal Vegetable Pizza (330 calories)\nWhen it comes to pizza, I\u2019m generally a cheese pizza kind of girl. I\u2019ve ventured into different toppings, but would never have thought I\u2019d like a veggie pizza. This was really good! I don\u2019t know what all vegetables were included in the toppings, but I think that\u2019s a good thing. The crust was crunch and a great texture against the soft veggies and stringy cheese. It was really filling, too!\nDinner: Braised Beef with Brussels Sprouts and Red Quinoa (360 calories)\nThe beef was SO good! It reminded me of a great home-cooked pot roast. The meat was tender and the gravy added a TON of flavor. I also liked adding some of the gravy to the quinoa to add a little flavor to that component. The brussels sprouts were a little too tender for my liking, but the peppers provided a nice hint of spice.\nDessert: Zucchini Bundt Cake (140 calories)\nI\u2019ll post tomorrow to let you know how the run goes", "What types of oilfield trailers does Moore Truck & Equipment Co. provide", "What year was Moore Truck & Equipment Co. established", "What decorative inspiration does the 'Riot' camo design draw from, and what modern representation does it translate to", "What qualifications and experience did Ivan Popov bring to the position of New Directions Lecturer in Rapid Product Development at Portsmouth University", "What are some key tips mentioned in the text for effectively attracting women", "Welcome to the Monthly Mash, a mashup of tools, tales and tips on customer service and the customer experience from around the blogosphere.\nVolume 22: August 2013\nThoughts on the Customer: The Customer\u2019s Invisible Rules\nWe all have too many rules, and our personal rules can be some of our greatest sources of conflict and unhappiness.\nOur customers have rules as well. In customer service, we refer to them as expectations, but here\u2019s the catch: the word expectations is not strong enough to represent how some customers feel.\nSometimes the customer\u2019s view of what, when, and how something should happen is so strong, so fixed, that when we fail to live up to it \u2014 we get an upset customer instead of just a disappointed customer.\nOften with customers, we are faced with a divergence between the strength of the customer\u2019s reaction and what we see as the level of the service failure.\nIn these cases, it is helpful to remember that while we think we failed to meet an expectation, the customer thinks we violated a rule. And therein lies the difference between disappointed and disgruntled.\nThe Month in Customer Service Blogging\nA collection of the best posts about customer service and the customer experience we read this past month.\n- How Do You Quantify the Value of Self-Service? \u2013 An interesting calculation for determining what self-service is worth based on the cost of a customer service rep handling the situation.\n- How To Promote Your Bar or Restaurant Using Customer Testimonials \u2013 Six tips for restaurant owners on how to use testimonials to promote their business.\n- So Your Customers Are Showrooming? Big Deal \u2013 This realistic attitude toward showrooming can help retailers stay in business, even if their customers do it.\n- 7 Reasons the Customer Is Often Wrong \u2013 A great guide for consultants or teams who work with customers on long-term projects.\n- What Are Your Employees Doing When You\u2019re Not Around", "10\nVisiting Nurses Association of Fox Valley Aurora \uff0d Aurora, IlCharge Nurse and Centering Pregnancy Group Facilitator\nFacilitate Centering Pregnancy Group through Nursing Assessment, Support and Education.\nTeaching Prenatal Care a group setting.\nApplying and supporting the principles of collaboration, creativity in interaction, critical thinking with patients and colleagues.\nAttending department meetings and educational workshops for Centering Pregnancy.\nParticipate in a working committee for evaluation of program instruction and patient outcomes.\nCharge Nurse and Centering Pregnancy Group Facilitator\nNurse Manager /OB/GYN Clinic\nMasters : Nursing Trainer the Trainer Course for Certified Nursing Instructor for RNs*College of Dupage, Glen Ellyn, Ill.*RN refresher Course : Nursing Licensed Illinois Professional Nurse, Expires *Certification in Centering Pregnancy BS : Health Arts ADN : Nursing\nCreate a job alert for [job role title] at [location]", "ort in a congenial atmosphere. We're proud of our abilities, as well as our commitment to the sport.\nOur vintage racing customers have varied and interesting backgrounds. Some have raced for over 30 years; others are brand new to the sport. At every event, we work hard to create a team spirit for our members. We share tips on driving techniques, talk about our cars, and cheer each other on. We all have a love for sportscars and racing, and we share that passion with each other.\nOur customers participate in a variety of events from local club events to major spectator events such as the Monterey Historics, Brian Redman International Challenge (Elkhart Lake), Jefferson 500 (Summit Point), Spring Vintage Grand Prix (Mid-Ohio) and the Lime Rock Fall Festival.", "t into\nUse the jQuery load function to call my cakephp controller function:\nThis is telling jQuery to send a request to some controller and look for a function called renderEditForm. That function is going to send back the appropriate element. So what\u2019s with the \u201c.details\u201d? That\u2019s the magic! Inside the particular element that I want to load is a tr element called \u201ceditform\u201d. But I actually don\u2019t want that because I needed to create it in my jQuery so that I could dump the form somewhere! So by adding this additional parameter to the load call, I\u2019m telling it to process what I get back from cake and only load the code starting at the .details element! Here\u2019s what the elements file (view/elements/someview.ctp) actually contains (stripped down for simplicity):\n<tr class = \u201ceditform hidden\u201d >\n<td class=\u201cdetails\u201d colspan=\u201c3\u201d>\n<div class=\u201ctable-details\u201d>Some Details </div>\nSo you can see that if I had included the entire contents of the ctp file, I would have been doubling up on the editform element. Here\u2019s what the controller renderEditForm function looks like:\nAnd that\u2019s all there is to it! It\u2019s a pretty cool little trick if you want to be able to dynamically include existing cake code!", "What should you do with the word 'padauk' in the game mentioned in the text", "What distinguishes an upset customer from a disappointed customer according to the text", "What change did China make to its economic growth target according to the text", "What realization does the invisible man come to regarding his identity during his speech as a member of the brotherhood", "What does the exhibit 'An Orderly and Decent Government' explore about the history of representative government in Connecticut", "What are the specifications and condition of the sold item", "What should you do if you find it difficult to balance while performing the standing dumbbell one-legged calf raise", "r to padauk. Extend an already existing word on the board.\nOther words with the same letter pairs\nFind words containing the letter combinations found in padauk", "To the best of our knowledge, the possible metabolic effects of any interactions between boron and the cis-diol groups of caffeic acid have not been investigated.\nCaffeic acid methylation to ferulic acid by caffeic acid methyltrasferase (COMT) was not affected by the presence of boron. The methylation produced meta and para ferulic acid and there was no change in the reaction rate or in the amount of caffeic acid that was transformed to ferulic acid. The enzyme showed little or no activity at pH=5, the pH level found in cell walls. Thus, it is likely that the methylation occurs in the cytoplasm at pH=7 rather than in the more acidic cell walls.\nCaffeic acid and ferulic acid oxidation catalysed by horseradish peroxidase (HRP) and tyrosinase resulted in phenolic radicals that produced caffeic acid and ferulic acid polymers. The polymers were analyzed by mass spectroscopy and gel filtration HPLC in order to determine their molecular masses and consequently the number of caffeic acid monomers included in them.\nIt was found that the phenolic polymers produced in the presence of high boron concentrations (0.4 mM) had higher molecular weights than those produced in the absence of boron. Moreover, the amount of substrate utilized was the same regardless of boron concentration. Therefore, it can be concluded that excess boron affected the degree of polymerization", "at the University of Russe, on the Danube, for 13 years and had done a stint at the National Ching Hua University in China.\nPopov says he wanted a change because his workload at Cardiff was too skewed. \"I was doing 90 per cent commercial products and did not have enough time for my own research or teaching. I couldn't even improve my lecture notes,\" he says.\n\"Cardiff is a bigger, richer university and has different priorities from Portsmouth. At Cardiff, teaching students was (in the) background, here it is the opposite. I like that because I am a university teacher and enjoy students. But I have to keep abreast of research to be up to date.\"\nHe has found the first semester hard \"because you always have to develop your lecture notes and handouts for the first time.\n\"But I am teaching what I always taught, only I can deliver it in Bulgarian, Russian and English.\"", "the elderly with access to justice involves both long-standing and emerging challenges. Many elderly men and women encounter obstacles when it comes to accessing court buildings, to legal aid, to affordable and intelligible assistance, and to an increasingly digital legal environment, something the pandemic has highlighted. Care must be taken to ensure that the digital divide between old and young, as well as disparities in education and resources that impede access to legal services more broadly, do not increase with age.\nFor those elderly who need more extensive support, including in decision-making, it is vital that the real needs and dignity of older men and women are properly taken into account. This applies to access to social protection and care programs, to healthcare, to the right to give informed consent, and to guardianship arrangements. Furthermore, effective measures to prevent and address violence, abuse, discrimination, and neglect must be in place.\nOn COVID-19 and the elderly\nThe elderly comprise the largest portion of lives lost due to the COVID-19 pandemic. During \u201cthe first wave of the pandemic a significant number of COVID-19 deaths occurred in institutions for the elderly, places that should have protected this \u2018most fragile part of society,\u2019 and where instead death struck disproportionately.\u201d\nThe Holy See, therefore, wishes to encourage consideration of the dangers of an uncritical and inordinate institutionalization of the elderly. Relegating the elderly, especially the most vulnerable, \u2018unbefriended\u2019 and most alone, to institutions that are unable adequately to care for all their needs \u2013 yet \u201cproposed as the only possible solution to look after them\u201d exposes many elderly persons to neglect, abuse, violence and, in the case of the pandemic, to increased risk of violations of the rights to life and health. More consideration should be given to guaranteeing the best possible continuum of care, preserving, as far as possible, the bonds of older persons with loved ones and with a familiar environment.\nIn conclusion, the Holy See assures all participants at this 11th session of its continued engagement with the Open-Ended Working Group.\nThank you, Madam Chair.\n Pope Francis, Address to the members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the Holy See for the traditional exchange of New Year greetings, 11 January 2016.\n Cf. Pope Francis, Encyclical letter on fraternity and social friendship, Fratelli tutti, n. 14.\n Pope Benedict XVI, Visit to the Community of Sant\u2019Egidio\u2019s Home for the Elderly \u201cViva Gli Anziani\u201d, 12 November 2012.\n Cf. Pope Francis, Encyclical letter on fraternity and social friendship, Fratelli tutti, n. 98.\n Pontifical Academy for Life, Old age: our future. The elderly after the pandemic, p. 2"]}