{"q_indices": [78, 36, 41, 28, 20, 82, 72, 73, 39, 30, 97, 34, 100, 56, 35, 60, 67, 12, 25, 120, 23, 123, 13, 44, 68, 126, 50, 112, 54, 43, 80, 57, 26, 71, 59, 5, 79, 49, 101, 83, 108, 116, 119, 33, 16, 77, 8, 74, 90, 7, 115, 22, 55, 117, 98, 47, 109, 102, 104, 46, 99, 127, 121, 15], "a_indices": [118, 113, 88, 45, 81, 19, 96, 48, 125, 107, 9, 21, 18, 31, 106, 94, 92, 51, 14, 105, 124, 3, 10, 93, 86, 87, 61, 85, 66, 122, 42, 65, 38, 103, 37, 27, 58, 89, 62, 63, 2, 32, 6, 4, 76, 95, 52, 75, 64, 1, 70, 84, 0, 24, 110, 53, 91, 17, 111, 69, 114, 11, 29, 40], "texts": ["TEMPE, Ariz. \u2013 With four of the team's five runners in their first year at Georgia College, the Bobcat men's cross country team took a trip across the country to run Friday night, taking third at the ASU Invitational hosted by Arizona State University.\nJunior Tyler Mattix (Snellville, Ga.) paced the Bobcats for the second time this season, finishing 28th overall in 16:27. Freshman Zack Robinson (Snellville, Ga.) was one slot and three seconds behind Mattix.\nFreshman Philip Laskey (Marietta, Ga.) crossed the line in 16:40, taking 33rd, while senior Tim Cary (Monroe, Ga.) was 42nd in 17:16. Another rookie Tucker Forbes (Lilburn, Ga.) was 50th of the 75 runners, finishing in 17:39.\nThe University of Arizona won the team title with 18 points, while Division II Western New Mexico University was second with 95, narrowly edging the Bobcats' 97. Among the four", "moned to save him. Dana is drawn back repeatedly through time to the slave quarters, and each time the stay grows longer, more arduous, and more dangerous until it is uncertain whether or not Dana\u2019s life will end, long before it has a chance to begin.\nNote: Kindle books can be read on by downloading the Kindle software for computers and smartphones, or directly on a Kindle device", "When it comes to Facebook marketing, there is a right and wrong way to do it. Working online, I\u2019m looking at Facebook business profiles all day every day. I see what works and what doesn\u2019t work. What works? Pull marketing, posting original content that is sharable. What doesn\u2019t work? Push marketing, pushing your customers with sales posts. Remember the reason they are on Facebook in the first place. To connect with friends and family, not to be given a sales pitch.\nI just finsihed reading this interesting article from Soci", "re are 17 users online :: 0 registered, 0 hidden and 17 guests\nMost users ever online was 1049 on Sun Apr 23, 2017 11:01 am\nUsers browsing this forum: No registered users and 17 guest", "to avoid the main stairways and to use the elevators only when otherwise empty, so that nobody else there overhear anything suggesting they were seminarians sought by the government.\nBergoglio would house his \u201cguests\u201d with the Jesuits only for as long as it took to arrange to move them out of the country through secret and circuitous paths. Working with Jesuits and bishops in neighboring countries, and with the help of the Apostolic Delegate Pio Laghi and a few others, Bergoglio was often able to get required passports and other papers. He would smuggle his charges to an isolated spot where they could cross a border. There they would be met by trustworthy friends in the new country, and finally taken to relatively safe airports from which they could be flown to Europe.\nOccasionally, however, the Jesuit Provincial had to try to free priests who had already been seized. In the most prominent case of two Jesuit priests who had been working among the poor, Bergoglio used a network of informants to find out where they were being held, discovering that it was at the naval center (ESMA). He met with both Admiral Massera and General Vidella (two of the ruling triumvirate) to demand their release.\nIn the latter case, he found out the name of the chaplain who said Mass for Vidella, convinced the chaplain to feign illness so that Bergoglio could take his place, got into the General\u2019s home, and told him point blank that he knew the government had his priests and, as their provincial, if they were not released, he would denounce the whole affair. Instead of being murdered, the priests were promptly drugged and dumped in the middle of a swamp to distance them from the naval center. It took many months for Bergoglio to get even this far, but his priests survived to be smuggled out of the country.\nNello Scavo, the investigative journalist mentioned at the outset, published a five-part series in the Italian newspaper which employed him, Avvenire, and this caused something of a revolution in media speculation on the Pope\u2019s past. Scavo went on to publish a book on the subject in 2013 entitled (for obvious cinematic reasons) La Lista di Bergoglio. It has now been published in English by Saint Benedict Press: Bergolgio\u2019s List. The research was difficult because so many who had been helped by Bergoglio wanted to honor his long-standing policy of saying as little as possible about his role, so that it would not be interpreted as an effort of the Church to capitalize on an unfortunate situation.\nBut Scavo dug out the truth. His book ably covers the situation in Argentina under military rule, the horrors of the regime, a dozen case studies of people Bergoglio saved, and even the positive conclusion of Amnesty International\u2014no friend of the Church\u2014that, despite extensive study, there was no evidence against the Pope. In a fascinating appendix, Scavo also includes the extensive testimony given by Cardinal Bergoglio in 2010 in the trial concerning the atrocities at ESMA (the Argentine naval center). It is significant that in his testimony he distinguishes sharply between priests who pursued liberation theology with \u201cMarxist hermeneutics\u201d and those who, attentive to the instructions of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith on this subject, sought a truly Christian liberation for the poor.\nIndeed, some of the priests whom Bergoglio saved were aware that he did not approve of certain aspects of their ministry. But when it came to saving lives, this did not matter. In all, Scavo estimates that, while he was the Jesuit Provincial in Argentina, Pope Francis definitely saved dozens of people of every stripe, from atheists to devout Catholics, and most likely more than a hundred. But with fresh information still emerging from that dark period, Scavo is convinced that Bergoglio\u2019s list is not yet complete.\nAll comments are moderated. To lighten our editing burden, only current donors are allowed to Sound Off. If you are a donor, log in to see the comment form; otherwise please support our work, and Sound Off!\nPosted by: garedawg -\nNov. 08, 2014 11:48 AM ET USA\nIt sounds similar also to the experiences of Pope Pius XII during WWII.\nPosted by: Randal Mandock -\nNov. 07, 2014 1:59 PM ET USA\nNot being God, but aspiring to imitate Christ, Bishop Bergoglio did not know the condition of the souls he served. Thus he had no choice but to save both the wheat and the chaff, and to let God sort them out at the harvest. True to his calling, the future pope did his duty.\nPosted by: Edward I. -\nNov. 07, 2014 12:05 AM ET USA\nWe are blessed to have such a man at the helm of our ship. God loves his Church.\nPosted by: mario.f.leblanc5598 -\nNov. 06, 2014 8:16 PM ET USA\nSo our Holy Father had a life experience that must be similar in some ways to what was happening in the first few centuries of the Church. Let us thank the Holy Spirit for such a gift, and our Lord Jesus Christ for keeping his promise of being with us 'til the end of the world", "What activities does the father expect his daughter to do as part of her 'training' during the next couple of days", "Bergoglio\u2019s List: Pope Francis and political oppression in Argentina\nWithin hours of the election of Jorge Mario Bergoglio to the papacy, the world press began to retail stories that Fr. Bergoglio may have been complicit in serious human rights violations under the military regime which ruled Argentina between 1976 and 1983. This innuendo was based primarily on reports originating with the discredited regime itself, reports which were later shown to be part of the regime\u2019s propaganda campaign to sow doubt among its opponents.\nFortunately, the various reports displayed considerable interpretive confusion, and this prompted veteran Italian investigative journalist Nello Scavo to dig as deeply as possible into the actions and relationships of Fr. Bergoglio during the Argentinian reign of terror. What Scavo discovered is that, much as with Msgr. Hugh O\u2019Flaherty and Oskar Schindler in response to Hitler, there was a significant list of endangered men and women whom Fr. Bergoglio smuggled out of Argentina under the very nose of the regime, saving their lives.\nDuring these years, the military government of Argentina, though obviously right-wing, exercised a lawless totalitarian control over the country that was typical of the worst Communist regimes. Round-ups were frequent of people suspected of being hostile to the regime or in favor of social justice. These would be held and tortured for long periods in order to get the names of other potential enemies of the State, and then they were either dumped in mass graves or, very commonly, flown over the Atlantic and dropped into the ocean from lethal heights.\nAlthough initial estimates placed the numbers of these chupados (those who had been \u201csucked up\u201d) at just under 10,000, further research has indicated that 30,000 is a more accurate estimate. Together, they are called the desaparecidos\u2014those who were \u201cdisappeared\u201d. In a parallel horror, the government routinely seized newborn babies from women giving birth in hospitals and gave them to high-ranking military families.\nEssentially, this brutal regime sought to eliminate anyone who was concerned about social conditions, which even included shutting down sociology and political science departments in the nation\u2019s universities. Among priests and religious, those were most at risk who lived and worked among the poor. Anyone who did this, regardless of motive, was dismissed as a Communist and treated as an enemy of the State. Priests were murdered, and even one bishop who attended the funeral of two murdered priests and asked questions. Among the Jesuits, it was also those who ministered to the poor who were targeted.\nBut the regime never discovered the defiant resourcefulness of the Provincial Superior of the Jesuits in Argentina, Jorge Maria Bergoglio.\nTheir strength within the Catholic Church and their links to an international Order put the Jesuits in a better position than most to transmit information to the outside world. Moreover, because they had their own university complete with housing and food service, the Argentine Jesuits at least had the possibility of working quietly to protect people from the military regime. Of course, this depended on their ability to act without arousing the suspicions of the government, which could easily move against them should it have \u201ccredible\u201d evidence of \u201csubversive\u201d activity. The young Provincial\u2014Bergoglio was 36 when elected in 1973 and 39 when the military coup took place\u2014seems to have immediately realized the possibilities and the dangers of his position. Moreover, his instructions from Rome were to do whatever he could to protect his brothers in the Order.\nMost of the lay people, seminarians and priests who were protected by Bergoglio were targeted by the regime but not yet arrested. Whenever possible, he would bring them into the Jesuit compound in Buenos Aires as if they were seeking spiritual direction or considering a vocation. Bergoglio kept what he was doing secret, in most cases, even from the other Jesuits there, knowing that if any of them were detained and tortured, disaster would be almost inevitable.\nHe also instructed each of his guests to observe a standard series of security precautions, such as always going about in small groups so that they were harder to \u201cdisappear\u201d; keeping silent about their true circumstances even among others within the compound; and avoiding the local post office, instead giving their letters to Bergoglio, who would see that they were mailed from outlying postal units, where the government was less rigorous in examining the mail.\nThe Provincial also taught these endangered \u201cguests\u201d to write letters and engage in phone conversations only in a kind of code, using conversations about the weather (\u201cvery stormy\u201d) or health (\u201chave been sick but am now recovering\u201d) to indicate their situation to those with whom they felt a need to communicate. He even urged three seminarians, whom he protected on behalf of the murdered bishop,", "What happens to Dana each time she is drawn back through time to the slave quarters", "What is the role of Dr. Ellie Staple in the film Glass", "How do you know if your website is performing as well as it could be? With over 200 factors affecting how your website ranks and with the goal posts continuously moving, keeping on top of your website performance can seem like a daunting task.\nOur website audit service typically provides a 100+ slide presentation report that simplifies complex and highly technical issues into layman\u2019s terms, accompanied by examples and screenshots to clearly articulate where your site can improve.\nAn SEO audit is a way of benchmarking where your company currently stands in terms of search performance & click through, on and off-page SEO performance, and user experience.\nOur analysis gives us, and you, a clearer idea of what technical improvements and updates your website needs to rank higher on SERPs.\nIt will highlight everything from essential fixes & website errors that are clear barriers to ranking, right through to strategic insights to help steer your long term activity, your content plan and SEO strategy going forward.\nWe use a range of market leading and proprietary tools to gather information and data about your website in order to formulate bespoke recommendations for you and your challenges.\nEach audit differs depending on goals and budget, but typically we seek to gain insight on;\nIn addition to collating information about your website, we\u2019ll also run tests against your leading on and offline competitors. This allows you to get a \u2018warts and all\u2019 view of your website performance in context with your competition.\nWe\u2019ll bring fresh insight and thinking to the table about how and w", "Dept 56 Snowbabies 2015 Coffee Talk #4045674 NIB FREE SHIPPING 48 STATES\nThere's no better accompaniment to a cup of coffee then a good friend to talk to! Some of lives' best chats happen over a warm cup of joe before the sun has ev", "refer that it look more contemporary, but they take absolutely every reasonably attainable aerodynamic option into account ...\nAt least the new Gen III liftbacks look a lot better than the previous 2 Gens.\nAnd the C's look kind of like a Fiesta or a Fit", "What are the important factors to consider when choosing an online runner\u2019s anti-chafing stick supplier", "What is a popular activity associated with the Dept 56 Snowbabies 2015 Coffee Talk figurine", "Because in your dreams, every detail matters!\nAt A1 Celebrations our team believes your event should be as exceptional as you are. We will make sure that your party is worry-free so you can enjoy every single moment with your loved ones or friends.\nCatering by Chefs is a distinct merging of highly experienced chefs and wait personnel with the finest, freshest quality ingredients and food. Our staff bring with them years of knowledge gathered from a few of Melbourne\u2019s most renowned great dining restaurants, event catering services and hundreds unique wedding events, in home events and corporate functions.\nOur cooking is influenced by modern and international influences such as Middle Eastern, Mediterranean and Asia foods. We can provide different types of catering services in Burnside for almost any event.\nHERE\u2019S WHAT WE CAN DO FOR YOU\nSo, Why Would You Choose Us?\nSo, why should you go with A1 Celebrations to plan your big day?\nArranging a party shouldn\u2019t be taxing and ought to be about taking pleasure in your event.\nWe take great pleasure in prepping every detail of our client\u2019s function. Our professional party catering in Melbourne consists of knowledgeable chefs. Our team will work with you to produce the best menu. We\u2019ll suggest ways to craft an extraordinary home catering experience for your guests.\nCatering by Chefs are also experts in themed events. We tailor a menu to your taste and liking to make your special day a remarkable one. We encourage you to browse through our gallery and our menus and explore your options.\nThanks again for everything you did! You all did an impressive job. Thanks for handling all the details.\nI can't thank business enough! My wedding ceremony was perfect! Employ these wedding planners!\nOur wedding and reception were simply breathtaking. Many thanks business for all your hard work. You all made our whole day so unique.\nThanks A Lot!\nBig shout out to business! They seriously are one-of-a-kind! My special day was a big hit! Thanks again!\nMore About Burnside\nFirst Class Greek Catering In Burnside\nAt Catering by Chefs, we are known for being a premium catering business in Melbourne. We supply delicious party dealing with a variety of pleased customers at various occasions and functions.\nWe make certain to serve you the finest food, handpicked by our skilled home catering services to organise the best function.\nWhether it\u2019s BARBEQUE catering, a cocktail party in the house, a big corporate event, or merely trying to find birthday catering in Burnside, we have actually got you covered. We\u2019re ready to cater for all types of parties.\nOur expert party catering in Burnside consists of experienced chefs. Our team will work with you to produce the ideal menu. We\u2019ll recommend ways to craft an extraordinary house catering experience for your guests.\nCooking or getting fresh products will be the least of your worries. Our food catering experts will ensure that all equipment and food items are top-notch for your occasion.\nWhen it comes to selecting the food, Catering by Chefs will craft the best menu for an extraordinary, finger-licking catering experience. From conventional Aussie BARBEQUE, to a series of intricate Asian appetisers, we offer everything.\nCatering by Chefs are also professionals in themed occasions. We customize a menu to your taste and liking to make your special day a memorable one. We encourage you to browse through our gallery and our menus and explore your options.\nEnjoy Our Delicious Sandwich Catering In Burnside\nPlanning a celebration is substantial task. Let us take care of your catering. Whether you\u2019re throwing a kids birthday celebration or a corporate function, impress your visitors with our tasty sandwich catering in Melbourne. At Catering by Chefs we are renowned for our versatile series of enticing assorted point sandwiches, mini baguettes, wrap selections and gourmet plates.\nYour visitors are spoilt for options with our wide range of Melbourne sandwich plates. Our professional chefs have the ability to produce the ultimate platter for your guests. Choose from:\n- Assorted Point Sandwiches\n- Assorted Club Sandwiches\n- Mini Baguettes\n- Jumbo Wrap Cross Sections\n- Mini Snack Size Bagels\nEach of our sandwich platters for Burnside occasions can be customised with your choice of fillings. Our chefs advise:\n- Chicken and mayonnaise with crunch celery and spring onions\n- Smoked salmon with cream cheese and capers\n- Chunky roasted balsamic vegetables\n- Roast beef horseradish cream\n- Caramelized onion, brie cheese and rocket\n- Prawn and aioli\n- Roast turkey, cranberry, carrot and rocket\n- Sliced double smoked ham with tomato, cheese and mustard pickles\n- Tuna, lettuce, pickled onions and capers\n- Curried egg and lettuce\nSandwich Catering Options In Burnside\nOur Burnside catering services also accomodate fo", "What type of bank is the speaker considering switching to for their personal accounts", "What is the annual cost for an Individual/Family membership in the TMTA", "he lodge. We can also arrange pick up and drop off service.\nIt's a spectacular country. New Zealand's beautiful landscape incorporates vast mountain chains, steaming volcanoes, sweeping coasts, deeply indented fiords, lush rainforests and endless grassy plains.\nEquivalent in size to Great Britain, California or Japan, it has a population of only 4 million people - making it one of the world's least crowded countries and a haven for those seeking peace, rejuvenation and relaxation.\nIt is also a playground for those looking for thrills, adventure and some of the best fishing in the world. A temperate climate with relatively small seasonal variations makes New Zealand a year-round holiday destination.", "Join Incubus frontman, Brandon Boyd as he walks you through this never before seen footage on set of the upcoming \"Adolescents\" video. The full length video ...\nJoin Incubus World Headquarters\nWelcom", "there. The best time to find shemales near you at Cloudland will be during one of their Fluffy parties.\nWe want to mention it again, these aren\u2019t all specifically going to be trans bars in your area, but if you are hoping to meet Brisbane trans out after dark those would be where you should start your search.\nWe have also covered the t4m scene in Melbourne, Canberra, and Sydney if you will be heading to either of those towns. Some of you may be curious about the Gold Coast, unfortunately many of the best venues there have closed recently.\nMeet Brisbane Trans Online\nNot every guy is going to be comfortable in a LGBT pick up bar or trying chat up a drag queen after their performance. Those can be some wild parties but they certainly are not for everyone.\nA couple decades ago they would have been your only option if you wanted to meet transgenders in Brisbane. However these days trans dating online in your area is trending up faster than just about anything else.\nMyLadyboyDate is the biggest t4m dating network in the world and there are hundreds of trans across Australia who have signed up. You can send out messages from your home without anyone else ever knowing.\nNo trolling the LGBT nightlife, no going to see live drag shows that may be a lot of fun or might be a totally awkward experience. The speed and discretion that meeting hot Brisbane transgenders online on MyLadyboyDate offers is really a game changer.\nThis will give you the best chance to find the right one as it pretty much is trans speed dating. No matter if you are looking for a one night stand with a local ladyboy, serious ts dating, or a life partner you need to make sure it is with the right person.\nPicking up whichever ts girl happens to show up to an LGBT bar on your night out doesn\u2019t give you a great chance of finding the right one, you just sort of settle for whatever you can get. But with the volume of contacts you can make when t4m online dating near you that really makes it easier.\nNow you know of the best places to meet transgenders in Brisbane for ts dating or hook ups, time for you to check them out", "What are some recommended places to meet transgenders in Brisbane", "here your competitors are winning, what effort is required to outperform them & how to prioritise and execute the plan.\nSEO audits allow you to draw a line in the sand on your current SEO rankings and gain an understanding of where you want to be.\nYou will attain insights about your competitor\u2019s website and SEO strength. Knowing where competitors are ranking can direct you on the opportunities available with keywords in your industry.\nFurthermore, having this overview can highlight key areas of your website you should address as a priority to rank in positions 1, 2 or 3.\nAll of this effort is a part of the long term strategy to increase your organic website traffic. Which in turn increases your domain authority, the number of enquiries, and ultimately contributes to your pipeline and revenue.\nOnce we have completed our audit, we will compile the findings in an easily digestible report which provides actionable recommendations that will start improving your SEO and building your strategy immediately.\nWe work within your company\u2019s budget, goals and objectives, tailoring the audit around you.\nWe\u2019ll help organise actions into a short, medium and long schedule, prioritising the most urgent changes, and working with you to plan a realistic timeframe based on your internal resource and processes, budgets and technical capabilities.\nWe\u2019ll work with you to set goals and provide support in the form of consultancy or physical implementation of changes as required to ensure recommendations are implemented correctly.\nTo get your website working harder, get in touch to start your audit", "What should guests do after the party planning is shared, according to the text", "What does the person prioritizing in their search for game tickets and a parking pass for the Coastal Carolina game", "teams the Bobcats beat were Division II Grand Canyon University and the NAIA's Southwestern College. Arizona's Mo Ige won the individual title in 14:28.\nThe Bobcats are back in action Saturday, Oct. 16 at the Young Harris Invitational.\nThe Georgia College Department of Athletics, back-to-back winners of the PBC Commissioner's Cup, sponsors 10 varsity athletic programs at the NCAA Division II level. As a Division II program, Bobcat Athletics prides itself on balancing the life of the student-athlete, evidenced by the teams' multiple appearances in post-season competition as well as documented academic success and community-service involvement. Sign up at www.twitter.com/GCSUBobcats for up-to-the-minute reports, and visit www.GCSUBobcats.com for more information, and to nominate your favorite former Bobcats and Colonials to the GCSU Athletics Hall of Fame", "What types of themes and influences does Catering by Chefs incorporate into their catering services", "How much did Sandra Bullock earn from June 2009 to June 2010 according to Forbes magazine", "Daddy said as he continued to rub.\nHe then stuck a finger in my pussy. It felt good. Daddy quickly stopped though, and removed it.\n\u201cIt\u2019s nice to see your hymen is still there, I will have lots of fun with that later!\u201d\n\u201cYes, it\u2019s a good thing. To be treasured.\u201d\nI continued to stroke his cock as he rubbed my pussy. It felt so good, I started to lean forward on him and moan into his shoulder.\n\u201cSweetie, we need to cool down your hot pussy.\u201d\n\u201cBut how daddy?\u201d\nAnd with then, he reached into the bowl, and stuck a melting ice cube into my pussy. I squealed at the sudden coldness and almost jumped off his lap.\n\u201cSit still, it\u2019s okay.\u201d\n\u201cKeep stroking my cock sweetie\u201d\n\u201cBut daddy, I can feel the ice melting, and coming out of my vag-I mean pussy.\u201d\n\u201cYes baby, and when it is done, and I can\u2019t feel anymore dripping on my hand, I will check your pussy tempurature again.\u201d\nI continued to stoke his cock, it seemed to be getting harder.\nAll of a sudden daddy stopped me.\n\u201cGet on your knees in front of me\u201d\nI did as I was told.\n\u201cOne of the things a guy likes most is to have his cock sucked. So for starters you can lick it like it\u2019s a big sucker\u2026or popsicle.\u201d\nI leaned forward, and shyly did as I was told. This made daddy moan, so I stopped.\n\u201cNo sweetie, keep going\u201d\nI continued to lick his hard cock. All of a sudden Daddy grabbed the back of my head, and pushed my mouth over his cock. I decided to try what some of my friends had said at school, and copy a movie that we had watched at a sleepover a couple of months ago\u2026laughing and giggling. It was a movie full of naked people doing strange things, like sucking cocks, and licking pussy\u2019s.\nWhen I started to do this, Daddy got really hard. He then started slamming his hips into my face, forcing his cock deeper into my mouth, and even down my throat.\nI pushed back, trying to get him to stop, and finally Daddy let me go, as I was choking.\n\u201cSweetie, you were doing so well.\u201d\n\u201cI\u2019m sorry Daddy, I\u2019ll try again.\u201d\nAt this I started licking his cock again. Daddy didn\u2019t let me do it long though, and once again he forced my mouth over his cock.\nThen all of a sudden Daddy stopped moving, and just held me over his cock, so I moved my tongue over it in my mouth.\n\u201cSweetie, soon a liquid is going to come out of my cock.\u201d\n\u201cPee??\u201d I mumbled, trying to get away\n\u201cNo sweetie. Seed. It\u2019s okay though, you just swallow whatever you can!\u201d\nAnd without giving me a chance to reply, he once again started forcing my head up and down on his cock. I didn\u2019t fight anymore though, and just let him do as he wanted.\nFinally I felt what he was talking about. I tried to swallow it all, but some of it leaked out. Finally daddy stopped, and I lifted my head of his cock.\nI saw the mess, and immediately got up to get a cloth.\n\u201cNo, a good wife licks it up, and swallows it all\u201d\nOnce again, I got back on my knees and started to lick up the mess. After all it was only seed I hadn\u2019t managed to catch, so it was my job to clean up my mess.\nI licked Daddy\u2019s cock, and when I was happy with it being clean, I then licked daddy\u2019s balls. I think my tongue might have touched his ass a bit, but he didn\u2019t say anything. I then licked his thighs, and the couch between his legs.\nWhen I was done, and looked up, there was my Daddy smiling down at me.\n\u201cGood Girl. Now stand up.\u201d\nI immediately stood up, and daddy reached over and pinched both my nipples. He then reached down and rubbed his hand quickly against my pussy, before reaching into the bowl of ice. I closed my eyes, as he brought the ice back and rubbed it against my nipples. I moaned in protest when Daddy took it away. He then put it on my other nipple. He switched back and forth, getting new ice from the bowl when needed for a while.\nAll of a sudden though, I felt the cube he was using go up my pussy. This shocked me, and I opened my eyes, to watch daddy shove not one more ice cubes, but three more up my hot pussy, meaning I now had four ice cubes in my pussy, not counting the melted earlier one.\nAfter the last one was up, Daddy stood up and took the now empty bowl to the kitchen and put it in the sink.\n\u201cWhat you have just done is called a blow job.\u201d\n\u201cI expect at least two of them everyday, at least during your training.\u201d\n\u201cOften more than two.\u201d\n\u201cWe will spend the rest of today and tomorrow, having you master giving me blow jobs.\u201d\n\u201cNow go shower, and then you can do whatever you want\u2026until I call you for your practise.\u201d\nI quickly ran off to shower, leaving the door open, just incase daddy wanted a peak.\nI spent the next 48 hours giving daddy blowjobs whenever he wanted one.\nI gave them to him on my hands and knees as he watched TV. On my knees as he cooked our dinner those two days. As he sat at his desk doing his work. In the shower, in bed, and everywhere else he wanted one.\nWhen we went to bed the next night, me naked except for my thong, Daddy\u2019s cock resting between my ass cheeks, daddy whispered in my ear\u2026\n\u201cYou are such a good cock-sucker.\u201d\n\u201cThank you daddy!\u201d\n\u201cSo good in fact, that tomorrow we will go on with the next part of your lessons\u2026and that means you won\u2019t likely be wearing underwear to bed tomorrow night!\u201d\nThis left me very excited as I went to sleep, knowing that tomorrow when I went to sleep, I would no longer be a virgin", "What does Jessie do to Troy as their sexual encounter progresses", "I logged into my bank account online today and saw this:\nI\u2019m not sure I\u2019m happy about seeing advertising ON my actual transactions. It\u2019s bad enough when I go to the ATM I have to click NO to every off", "What are the planned hours for the library during the week following the schedule change", "e toIncubus World Headquarters\nSign Upor Sign In\nOr sign in with:\n\u00a9 2015 Created by Incubus.\nReport an Issue |\nTerms of Service\nPlease check your browser settings or contact your system administrator", "al Media Examiner. There are some good tips showing how you can keep your Facebook followers to keep coming back to your Facebook business page. Many times, you create that business profile and people interact with it when it is fresh and new but then they slowly fizzle away. Make sure to keep things interesting by posting original content on a regular basis, reaching out to customers by replying to them or giving exclusive deals to your Facebook followers. Read this article to find even more ways to keep them coming back.", "How did Bergoglio assist in relocating seminarians and priests during the military regime in Argentina", "What is the purpose of conducting an SEO audit according to the text segment", "What are the advantages of designing and manufacturing furniture with BASF materials", "Which Indian universities were recognized as leading in terms of performance in 2018 according to multiple university rankings", "I got out of bed, and gave a little stretch, naked except for my new underwear. I would later learn it was called a thong. I then grabbed the \u201cnight shirt\u201d I had taken off before bed, and slipped it on, before heading to the kitchen.\nDaddy was sitting at the kitchen table in a pair of boxers, sipping some coffee, and reading the newspaper.\nHe smiled when I came out, and asked if I had slept well.\nI told him I had, and said that I hope he had a good sleep as well, to which he just smiled, and mumbled something that I couldn\u2019t hear.\nI went into the kitchen to grab some cereal and milk, and Daddy just watched. As I reached up for a bowl in the cupboard, I could feel my shirt rising. At first I stopped, but then I remembered that I was a wife now, and husbands saw their wife\u2019s bums, so this was okay. I took all of my things to the table to sit down, and eat.\nDaddy just watched for a while, smiling. Then all of a sudden he reached over and pulled my shirt down a bit and squeezed one of my nipples. I squealed in surprise.\n\u201cDaddy, what are you doing?\u201d\n\u201cJust seeing how sensitive they are.\u201d\nAnd I continued to eat my breakfast, adjusting my shirt.\nDaddy let a few minutes pass, and then did the same thing to my other nipple. I jumped, but I didn\u2019t squeal this time.\nDaddy kinda laughed, and removed his hand.\nAgain I adjusted my shirt.\n\u201cLeave it how I put it, or don\u2019t wear it\u201d was all daddy said over his newspaper.\nI immediately adjusted it back to how I thought he had it, before continuing with my breakfast.\nAfter Daddy put his paper down, he got up, and went into the kitchen. When he stood up, I saw that although he had boxers on, his penis was hanging out of his fly, and was semi-hard. I figured that it was due to him pinching my nipples and continued to eat my cereal.\nDaddy came back to the table with a bowl, which he put on the table. In it I could see some ice cubes. Daddy then came behind me, and pulled my shirt so that it was now resting just underneath my growing boobs.\n\u201cMuch better. I see that you are slowly turning into a woman\u201d\nHe felt and rubbed my boobs for a few minutes.\n\u201cDaddy, it\u2019s awful hard to eat breakfast with you doing that\u201d.\n\u201cThen stop eating.\u201d\nI pushed my bowl away, not quite sure, but interested anyways.\nWhen he saw me do this, he took one of the ice cubes out of the bowl, and started to rub it over my nipples.\nThis cause my nipples to point out and become quite hard. It felt good, but very cold. I leaned back, and let Daddy continue.\nOne they were really hard, he put the ice back in the bowl, leaned over me, and took one nipple into his mouth, sucking.\n\u201cOhh, Daddy, that feels so good\u201d.\nDaddy stopped sucking, which disappointed me. He then went to the other nipple, but instead of gently sucking, he latched on, and pulled using his teeth slightly. This kind of hurt, and I jumped at the sensation. Daddy released and let my boob go back, and stood back up.\n\u201cAs you can see, there are good sucks, and not-so-good ones. I like sucks like the first one I showed you.\u201d\nOnce again, he leaned down, and sucked my nipple, this time while playing with my other boob. I leaned back, and couldn\u2019t help but enjoy it.\nAll of a sudden he stopped, and walked over to the couch, removing his boxers as he went, and sat down.\nI could see that his penis was quite hard now.\n\u201cCan I feel your penis in my hand?\u201d\n\u201cYes. But you must promise me something.\u201d\n\u201cYou are my wife now\u2026\u201d\n\u201cAnd soon you will be my slut\u201d\n\u201cSo from now on, you will call my penis a cock.\u201d\n\u201cCome over here then, and feel it. Bring the bowl of ice with you.\u201d\n\u201cAnd a few other things, your vagina is called a pussy, or a cunt. Understand?\u201d\nI stood up, grabbed the bowl from the table, and walked over to Daddy, with my shirt still stretched below my boobs.\nI put the ice on the coffee table, and sat down on the couch beside Daddy.\u201d\n\u201csit on the floor please\u201d.\nI then sat on the floor in front of daddy, on my knees, so that I could reach him better.\n\u201cNo you gently put your hand up and down it like this\u2026\u201d\nDaddy showed me how to stroke his cock.\nThen taking my hand in his, he helped me. When he released my hand I continued to stroke his cock. It felt hard in my hand, and so big. I could barely wrap my hand all the way around it.\nAs I continued to stroke his cock, Daddy reached in the bowl and got some ice, which once again he began to rub on my nipples.\nAll this attention to my boobs, was making me very wet. I had never had wetness down there before, and I reached my hand to see what it was.\nDaddy saw this and smiled. He then took my hand, and kissed it.\n\u201cNow, rub yourself again\u201d\n\u201cNow, lick the moisture of your fingers\u201d\nI did what he said, though not sure why.\n\u201cThat is what women taste like. You will taste more later. Stand up.\u201d\nI stood up, coming closer to daddy so that I could still stroke his cock.\n\u201cNow sit on my lap facing me\u2026with your legs on either side, like you\u2019re riding a bike, and I\u2019m your bike.\u201d\nI sat down, and daddy opened his legs, causing mine to open. I was still trying to stroke his cock. Daddy then started to rub my pussy.\n\u201cMmmm, Daddy, that feels good\u201d\n\u201cSweetie, your pussy is so hot.\u201d\nI didn\u2019t know what daddy meant by then, so I just kept stroking his cock.\n\u201cA virgin shouldn\u2019t have such a hot cunt\u2026\u201d", "The Oscar winner, 46, has been named Hollywood's highest-paid actress by Forbes magazine, with an estimated $56 million in earnings from June 2009 to June 2010.\nAnd Bullock, who was the eighth most powerful star in the magazine's annual Celebrity 100 list, sits at the top for a good reason: Her romantic comedy The Proposal grossed $320 million at the box office on a $40 million budget and The Blind Side scored an impressive $310 million.\nReese", "What changes is the Girard Free Library implementing this summer due to budget cuts", "er my bank puts out there. This may be the kick in the butt I need to make the change to a community based bank for our personal accounts.\nWhat do you think? Have you noticed this online at your bank", "Who are the two main characters mentioned in the text segment", "A 10 year old boy was crushed and killed last Saturday in Chicago\u2019s Rogers Park neighborhood by a suspected drunk driver. The tragic DUI car crash occurred around 5:45 a.m. last Saturday in Chicago\u2019s Rogers Park neighborhood. According to reports, the 10 year old boy and his 3 year old sister had just exited their father\u2019s vehicle on the way to their aunt\u2019s house when the Chicago car crash occurred. As the children were passing between parked vehicles an alleged intoxicated driver rear-ended an SUV which crushed the boy between the parked SUV and the vehicle directly in front of it. The drunk driver was reportedly driving a black Ford Explorer. The severely injured boy was taken to St. Francis Hospit", "What specific concerns does the speaker have about Seraphina's game involving font or background choices", "Who designed the item mentioned in the text segment", "Jessie\u2019s skilled tongue access to that sweet ass he will soon be stretching wide. Next we see Jessie slowly push his meat inside. Troy is a trooper as he takes every thick inch with ease. Jessie is soon bouncing this hot Latin ass on his dick as his balls slap aw! ay at Troy\u2019s hungry ass. Jessie then puts Troy on his back and slides that massive meat back inside. All this deep fucking has Jessie\u2019s cock ready to blow as he pulls out and unloads his cargo nearly hitting Troy in the face. Here\u2019s cum in your eye! Jessie then goes down to suck Troy\u2019s balls as Troy jacks his own cock. Troy then explodes, sending at least 5 massive jets of cum blasting over his shoulder. Got Cum? We got a-plenty!\nAdded: 3 years ago\nViewed: 1264 views", "What is the central question about Anakin's transformation in relation to the Prophecy", "What product does the author intend to sell individually after creating a proper product picture", "came back, hackers posted private pictures of Jones and her personal information on her website.\nWhile Jones herself has not yet made a statement about the hacking, many of her fellow celebrities have taken to Twitter to express their support and love for the comedian and actress. Take a look:\nFor the record, we here at Glamour #StandWithLeslie too", "What incident caused the narrator to fall off their bike during the race", "What is the main theme of the song 'Food, Glorious Food' mentioned in relation to Oliver Twist", "ream, and this is because there are various online runner\u2019s anti-chafing stick suppliers in the market who tend to advertise their products to be the best. By reading the blog below, you will see some of the points that you need to look at when choosing the right online runner\u2019s anti-chafing stick supplier.\nThe quality of the anti-chafing cream is the first thing that you need to be considerate about when you are choosing the best online runner\u2019s anti-chafing stick supplier. Everyone wants to use the best products and therefore each athlete will want to get the best cream that they can use and therefore you need to know if the cream will serve its purpose and therefore you need to read some of the reviews about the online runner\u2019s anti-chafing stick supplier and the products that they are supplying. The online runner\u2019s anti-chafing stick supplier that is well-reviewed to have the best cream and stick products is the right one that you need to choose.\nThe last thing that you need to look at when choosing the right online runner\u2019s anti-chafing stick supplier is the prices and discounts that the products are being supplied at. To conclude, those are the tips that you need to look at when identifying the best online runner\u2019s anti-chafing stick supplier.\nPractical and Helpful Tips:\nLearning The Secrets About", "Picking up 3 months after the ending of Split, Glass aims to be a different type of superhero film. I won\u2019t lie, this is a hard film to review. At times, the tones of the two films that precede it; (Unbreakable & Split) clash together awkwardly and other times fit together perfectly like pieces of the larger puzzle it was meant to be a part of. M Night Shyamalan largely succeeds in the delivery of his unique take on a superhero movie. At times the budget restraints are made extremely noticeable by the restricted set piece of a mental institution. Where most modern superhero movies build to a huge set piece for the final battle, Glass throws a huge misdirect right before heading to what you would think would be the final battle ground for its lead characters. But how do the storied of David Dunn, The Beast and Dr. Staple lead us here?\nSpeaking of misdirects, the biggest plot point of Glass is the character of Dr. Ellie Staple played by Sarah Paulson. Dr. Staple is introduced as a psychiatrist specializing in delusions of grandeur, who treats patients convinced that they are superhuman beings. However, she turns out to be a member of a secret organization dedicated to keeping the public from finding out about people with superhuman powers. Staple\u2019s goal during the second act of the film is to convince David Dunn and The Beast that they do not actually have superpowers but instead suffer from trauma that they have coped with by thinking the only way they were able to survive is due to their special abilities. In my opinion this is where Glass is at its best. Not only are the characters themselves nearly convinced but so is the audience. M Night nearly perfectly paces this part of the movie, right when the characters are ready to give in that they may just be crazy, the title character Elijah Price / Mr. Glass makes himself known and changes the course.\nPlayed by the one and only Samuel L. Jackson (and would you believe this is the first time he\u2019s been the title character in a movie?). While it takes a long time before we even see him fully in Glass, he makes his presence felt very quickly. Mr. Glass is playing chess while everyone else is playing checkers. As soon as the pieces of David Dunn and The Beast are brought to the mental institution his plan is set in motion. What seems like a straightforward plan to escape and pit the hero and villain against each other so the world can see what they\u2019re capable of takes quite a turn that plays into the big twist of the film (more on that later). Jackson is really great in this role and while I have issues with how he\u2019s used in the end, it makes sense for how the character was set up in Unbreakable. It only took one scene to show that Mr. Glass is a mastermind as he fools everyone into playing a game that he\u2019s been planning for the last 18 years since his defeat in Unbreakable.\nKevin Wendell Crumb/ The Beast is a character that I honestly believe is unlike any other ever portrayed in film. Villa", "e those over time, I doubt that this will create much confusion. We shall see.\nI\u2019ll make the keyless padlocks available for sale individually once I get around making a proper product picture for them.\nAnother thing I really, really, really need to do is to rewrite (again) the fingerprint padlock to be much more user-friendly", "What should the person do if their AIM is malfunctioning", "How did the Georgia College men's cross country team perform at the ASU Invitational", "What year was the website created by Incubus", "What action is being taken against the driver suspected of causing the accident in Evanston, IL", "I'm back. Sadly, the season is almost over. In fact, a few weeks ago, after some disappointing finishes at Wolf Creek and Huntsville, I had declared that I was retired -- for good. I went into retirement for about 6 days, but got bored, so decided to come out of retirement with the goal of doing a decent LOTOJA. So, last Saturday, I rode the Snowbird Hillclimb. The day after that I rode from my house, up Big Cottonwood, up Guardsman's, down to Park City, to Jeremy Ranch, to East Canyon Resort, up Big Mountain, down Emmigration, and back home. The day after that, on Monday, I rode from my house to Provo, up the Alpine Loop, over Suncrest, and back home. I rested on Tuesday, and on Wednesday on somewhat of a whim, I rode the DMV. Surprisingly, at the DMV, I had a fair amount of energy and felt ok. That's what retirement will do I guess.\nThe last little block of my out-of-retirement/LOTOJA prep was the Sanpete Classic, a 100 mile road race. The course doesn't suit me, but it holds a special place in my heart since I grew up in Sanpete County. In fact the pictures below of Ethan and the fish were taken at our cabin, which is close to Spring City, the start and finish of the Sanpete Classic.\nThe Sanpete Classic starts out with a guy yelling, \"fire in the hole\" and lighting off what looks to be a civil war era canon. I don't know how it got to Spring City. In any event, the canon adds to the character of the race and is something my kids look forward to. In contrast with last year when the Cat 3s raced with the Pro/1/2 group, this year we started out fairly civil. Team Vanguard was there en masse and looked strong, and I quickly understood that I would either be in a break with a Vanguard guy, or be in the field dragging some Vanguard guys around Sanpete County. So, just after Milburn, and after a Vanguard guy had been brought back, I made an acceleration and got a small gap. That didn't last long. I sat at the front for a couple minutes, and went again, knowing that there was a small climb ahead. Todd (Vanguard) and Nate came with me, and the group", "What type of underwear did the narrator learn was called a thong", "What benefits do consumers enjoy from the integral skin in furniture design", "When I was in elementary school I had the most wonderful music teacher. She loved what she did and her enthusiasm spread to me so profoundly, that music was my favorite class of the day.\nWe learned to sing the popular music that we liked. We learned to dance.\nEach spring she would choose a musical for us to perform. She directed and produced each one herself, and my favorite was Oliver Twist.\nIf you don\u2019t already know, Oliver Twist is a tale written by Charles Dickens. It\u2019s about an orphaned boy named Oliver Twist who was mistreated in many ways, including starvation. The musical includes a wonderful song about food which so happens to be called Food, Glorious Food. It was my favorite song to sing and the lyrics are sealed in my long term memory forever.\nFood to Feel Good or Bad:\nIt is a powerful song because food is powerful. What we eat has such a profound effect on our bodies, both physically and mentally. There is even evidence that when we eat foods rich in sugar, fat, and salt we trigger the release of feel-good chemicals in the brain such as dopamine. Once we experience that dopamine rush we typically want more and more because, hey, who doesn\u2019t like to feel good? The problem is that this reward signal may suppress other natural responses like fullness and satisfaction. A survival instinct becomes an addiction.\nEating too much of the wrong kinds of food can contribute to obesity, high blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease, stroke, and even cancer. According to the World Health Organization, 80 percent of deaths from heart disease and stroke are caused by high blood pressure, tobacco use, elevated cholesterol and low consumption of fruits and vegetabl", "BoostYourCampaign is a full-service crowdfunding agency with offices in the US and Europe. BoostYourCampaign (BoostYourCampaign) is one of the most successful crowdfunding marketing agencies in the world, with hundreds of verified reviews. Voted as one of the top 10 PR agencies in the US in 2019 by DesignRush, top 5 crowdfunding agency in the US, and #1 in Europe.\nAs a starting entrepreneur and after 2 years of product research and development, we have decided to promote our brand on Indiegogo. When we first contacted 4 agencies, two stood out with a personal follow up. BoostYourCampaign offered the most information, the best price and we found the best reviews on boostyourcampaign, so we decided to go with them. With +1000% funded in under 10 days, we are very pleased not only with the result but with the entire process of working with Boostyourcampaign. I can recommend them for anyone looking to run a crowdfunding campaign. \u2013 Jen Seal\nAs a little not-for-profit, they\nIn our experience with several crowdfunding campaigns on Kickstarter, we got contacted by a lot of people. We hired two different agencies and one freelancer. The only one that really delivered, was Boostyourcampaign. From day one the level of service I received from every person I worked with at Boostyourcampaign was exceptional. While one agency charged us a startup fee of $2500, boostyourcampaign got us fully funded, for only a fifth of that amount. They never let us down! \u2013 Mark Huet\nWe paid Boostyourcampaign $2497 and took their percentage package for Facebook ads. Learning from them and listening to their advice has really worked. $31k in direct donations, 18k from ads for our Kickstarter, 17k from the site they set up for us. I\u2019m very grateful for boostyourcampaigns\u2019 work. \u2013 Taylor Fletcher\nWe have been a customer of boostyourcampaign for 4 years. Not once did they let us down. They manage our website and are our\nThe only agency that was up-front information about cost and options. Great work throughout the process, everything went very smoothly. Special Thanks to Thomas Landers and Collin Anderson who made it happen. \u2013 Louis S.\nI loved every single aspect of working with boostyourcampaign. They provided excellent guidance and brought the campaign to over $3,000,000 raised. Let\u2019s face it, there are a lot of choices out there where marketing is concerned, but many\nBoostYourCampaign Reviews \u2013 Boost Your Campaign Reviews\nBoost Your Campaign (BoostYourCampaign) is a top crowdfunding marketing agency that works with entrepreneurs and investors looking to get funds for their projects and ideas. Boost Your Campaign taps into different crowdfunding websites like Kickstarter and Indiegogo to raise the funds, helping up-and-coming entrepreneurs get the money they need, eliminating risky lending and the need to approach banks for high-interest loans.\nHow does Boost Your Campaign (BoostYourCampaign) work?\nYou have a brilliant idea and need to crowdfund to get the funds you need to implement it. BoostYourCampaign gathers your ideas and chooses the best to crowdfund \u2013 the idea could be anything that shows promise like a new apparel brand, a film, a new gadget or any creative content. Your project is then given a full service from project crowd fund branding and consulting, to page setup, to pre-launch marketing, to overall crowdfund marketing and project strategy.\nBoostYourCampaign (Boost Your Campaign) considers the project idea before it partners with the entrepreneur. If the idea is approved, Boost Your Campaign then goes into a partnership with you, the entrepreneur. For the agreement to be complete, you will need to sign a contract that dictates the terms and conditions. The contract outlines the project ideas for crowdfunding marketing and pertinent information.\nBoostYourCampaign (Boost Your Campaign) guarantees you that you will have leading experts in the industry working very closely with you to make sure that your project has all that it requires to be successfully funded. Once BoostYourCampaign approves your project, you can rest assured that you will be getting professional-grade marketing especially optimized for your idea or project.\nMore verified Boost Your Campaign R", "eviews here: https://www.sitejabber.com/reviews/boostyourcampaign.com\nCheck out Boost Your Campaign\u2019s online reviews and learn more about how they can help you crowdfund your next project or idea.\nMy husband and I have each been in the business world for at least 20 years and I can honestly say that I have never worked with a team of people as wonderful as Boostyourcampaign. We\u2019ve worked with a handful of other agencies, but Boostyourcampaign was the only company that helped us reach our goal. \u2013 Laura Murdock\nThomas and boostyourcampaign coupled with the Allpha35 team is a recipe for success! Thomas and the team are great to work with. We raised $1,319,274!! There should be no doubt or hesitation when thinking to hire\nWe started our project with a list of 400-500 contacts, and around 1000 followers on social media. Our youtube channel had a decent reach. When boostyourcampaign finished the three months pre-launch, we launched the campaign with 21800 contacts. Our campaign raised over $2,100,000 USD in funding. 84% is a direct result of their work. We are one of the top 100 Kickstarter projects of all time.\nIt was a 360 learning experience for me. Having no experience in marketing, Boost provides a service that to a startup is like learning each and everything marketing. They helped me understand the steps to run a successful campaign and moved on to find new ways to engage with our supporters and then identified influencers who could help with unboxing videos in Iberia. We love it!\nIt\u2019s been seamless from beginning to end! I\u2019ve worked with other similar services and have never encountered a better service than BYC. Their skin in the game approach made them stand out from any other crowdfunding agency. We are now looking to sign up for their e-commerce support if Giovanni can make me a good offer (wink).\nGood offer! Boost stood out in service, price and after campaign services.\nI\u2019ve been working with Boost Your Campaign for well over 6 months now and safe to say, they know what they\u2019re doing. They improved our Amazon listing and manage our ads for a % kickback on sales. A unique strategy other agencies did not want to offer.\nYou can\u2019t go wrong with these folks.\nGreat team to work with. Friendly, engaging, willing to go the extra mile! Their A/B testing ideas and execution process, allowed us to make some simple and small changes to the Indiegogo that yielded fantastic results. \u2013 Smartmi\nThe campaign page traffic increased by 400%. 1044 backers for a total of $627,880. They use Google Analytics and Kickstarter dashboard throughout the campaign. Coverage on Mashable and Hodinkee. Need help? Call them today.\nWe contacted boostyourcampaign for the first time during our live campaign. They reviewed our project and recommended us to relaunch. We had high hopes for the live campaign, so paid over 2500 to on another agency (funded today) to run ads. This turned out to be a complete waste of money. We contacted boostyourcampaign again and signed up with them. What we should have done in the first place. Their onboarding process was quick. We have been mainly working with Collin on our relaunch. We are beyond pleased with Collin\u2019s impeccable service. He is extremely helpful in guiding us through the whole process. He pays close attention to details. He is also very patient in explaining us on how the verification funnel works. We are very pleased with boostyourcampaign.\nSecond campaign with boostyourcampaign. They have been a great partner throughout our first campaign. boostyourcampaign helped us to tell our story exactly how we wanted it. With their support, we already raised more than $35000 in one day. Our results would not have been anywhere near as good without their help.\nWe were very happy to work with Giovanni and Sofia on our project. From starting the discussion, to implementation of our strategy, everything was done on time, and at a very professional level. I would recommend BoostYourCampaign\u2019s services to anyone in the industry who\u2019s looking for some guidance and implementation of their service.\nLooking to get your crowdfunding campaign funded, or launching a new product on Amazon? Contact BoostYourCampaign and Boost Your Campaign today.", "Amazon\u2019s Kindle daily deal today is Kindred by Octavia Butler, which is selling for $2.99!\nHere\u2019s the description:\nDana, a modern black woman, is celebrating her twenty-sixth birthday with her new husband when she is snatched abruptly from her home in California and transported to the antebellum South. Rufus, the white son of a plantation owner, is drowning, and Dana has been sum", "al in Evanston, IL, where he was pronounced dead at 7:41 a.m.\nChicago Police have indicated that the driver of the vehicle that caused the accident is suspected of intoxicated driving. The driver remains in custody pending a police investigation into the crash. A police vehicle was reportedly directly behind the driver that caused the accident.\nIf you have been the victim of a Chicago area DUI related car crash you should contact an attorney immediately to investigate the accident and compile evidence. The Klest Law Firm has over twenty eight years of experience handling cases involving alcohol related car accidents and fatalities. To speak with an attorney from the Klest Law Firm, please click here.", "2002-07-23 16:50:44 ET|\nA couple of things:\nEine: If my chick is reading this and her AIM is freaking out like it usually does she should eMail me: email@example.com\nZwei: SK users, check out t", "What types of body parts commonly experience chafing for runners that can be alleviated by using an anti-chafing cream", "What discounts are being offered on jackets for men and women", "lf. But they provide inspiration for Lucas, it doesn't follow that they always provide narrative truth. I'm all for looking at every possibility. I'm all for exploring things to death. But not at the expense of ignoring what is given as fact by the body of work itself, and by the author's own words. The question is \"Did Anakin have to become a Sith in order for the Prophecy to be fulfilled?\" To tell you the truth, and forgive me, I'm not even sure what your opinion is on this. You think that Anakin did have to, right", "Well, it's been a long time coming but I'm more than delighted to reveal our brand new look, and our new name! And now that the shop's transformation is complete, it's time to get down to the seriou", "Which celebrities tied for No. 2 in the rankings based on their earnings from movies, perfume and clothing lines, and ad campaigns", "What challenges did Leslie Jones face after her performance in Ghostbusters", "How have Leslie Jones's fellow celebrities responded to the hacking incident", "What is the primary reason given by the reviewer for watching the movie 'Glass'", "ins often fall into one of a few archetypes that have existed for centuries. What makes The Beast different is the acting by James McAvoy. We\u2019ve seen actors play different characters in the same movie before but Split was the first time we\u2019ve seen an actor play different characters in the same scene. Glass builds on that even more in its scenes that have McAvoy switch between 3-4 characters mid sentence. In Glass, we get to see more of the 24 different personalities that Kevin has due to his dissociative identity disorder. Each character has its own mannerisms and tone. If you need one reason to see this movie, McAvoy is definitely it. The fight scenes between The Beast and David Dunn are pretty straight forward brawls and crushed my hopes of seeing an epic battle in the movie. If I had one major gripe about Glass, besides the ending, the fight scenes would definitely be it!\nDavid Dunn\u2019s showing up in the last scene of Split set that movie in the same universe as the 2000 film Unbreakable. Fans of that film hoped that a sequel would be made and with his appearance, it made Split the origin story for villain to face the hero we hoped would return. In the first few scenes of Glass is made it clear Dunn had been operating in the shadows as hero for the last 18 years. Watching him hunt down The Beast with his son felt great and made sense for where we left off with the characters. I wish I had that feeling throughout the rest of the film but sadly I did not. Don\u2019t get me wrong, there are some very powerful moments with this character and Bruce Willis, who has been known to phone in a role or two, acts them out very well. But the ending just felt like a waste for a character fans have waited so long to see again. It makes no sense to me that Shyamalan would write this ending for a character he created.\nThat brings us to my biggest problem with Glass it\u2019s ending. That big ending fight that was teased at the start of the third act ended being our hero and villain throwing less punches at each other and more ad random swat team members. But oh how I wish this was the biggest issue. David Dunn end up getting drowned by a random member of a secret society that wasn't teased in any of these films except for the last 10 minutes of Glass. Dunn, The Beast and Mr. Glass are all killed in the final scenes of the movie. While the other two characters are given a chance to really shine in their death scenes it\u2019s the hero that gets no dialog or final words just a look as if he himself was disappointed at how his story ends.\nIn the end I like far more of this movie than I dislike but it\u2019s a perfect example of how no sticking the landing can ruin the whole experience. Director M Night Shyamalan has a lot good but ultimately falls victim to the same thing most of his films have with weak endings.\nThis was review written by CEOHaize. Be sure to listen to The Film Frequency podcast to hear more movie discussions.\nFollow me: Twitter @CEOHaize IG: @TheKingHaize", "- TMTA membership is required for trail access due to insurance needs.\n- Annual Individual/Family Membership is $35 a year.\nPlease visit Facebook/Tehachapi Mountain Trails Assoc for membership information.\n- Hiking and Biking Allowed On Marked Trails Only!\n- The Restricted Area on this Map involve Lehigh Quarry activiti", "What safety precautions should be taken when accessing the quarry areas", "What ranking framework was announced by President Ram Nath Kovind on April 8, 2019", "What motivated the author to come out of retirement for the LOTOJA", "What kind of vehicle was the drunk driver driving during the accident", "Best Places To Meet Transgenders In Brisbane\nThe best places to meet transgenders in Brisbane offer a nice mix of drag shows and LGBT bars. This is definitely one of the better cities to try and find ts in Australia.\nThere are plenty of LGBT bars in this town and you never can really be sure who else will be there when you show up. You could get lucky and show up when the whole bar is filled with sexy single ladyboys in your area or you could head out on a night when none are around.\nLife is like a box of chocolates after all, but if you put in the time and effort it takes and are in the right spots then meeting Brisbane transgenders will be possible. You will have plenty of opportunities if you give yourself a little help, one small annoyance is that there isn\u2019t one main LGBT nightlife area meaning things can be a bit spread out.\nWe will be listing some local trans bars, LGBT bars that have drag shows, and will also help you meet sexy ts girls near you on a great t4m dating site as well.\nPotential Brisbane Trans Bars\nNotice we say potential, because these aren\u2019t really trans bars in Brisbane, more like LGBT bars and places where live drag shows go down:\n- Beat Megaclub \u2013 677 Ann St, Fortitude Valley\n- Sportsman Hotel \u2013 130 Leichhardt St, Spring Hill\n- Family \u2013 8 McLachlan St, Fortitude Valley\n- Hellfire \u2013 130 Leichhardt St, Spring Hill\n- The Wickham \u2013 308 Wickham St, Fortitude Valley\n- Cloudland \u2013 641 Ann St, Fortitude Valley\nAs we mentioned there really isn\u2019t a main area for LGBT nightlife here. That means the best bars to meet transgenders in Brisbane are spread around all the nightlife in Fortitude Valley and the CBD.\nBeat would be the largest LGBT nightclub in town and they put on live shemale drag shows every weekend at midnight. Sportsman specializes in drag dinner theater, while visiting Family on Sundays for their Fluffy parties would be a great place to try and hook up with Brisbane ts girls.\nThey also have drag brunches at Family. Hellfire is a pretty hardcore fetish club, you will see some local transsexuals there from time to time, but they are not predominant", "What is the best time to find shemales near you at Cloudland", "What successful outcome did clients experience after working with Boost Your Campaign", "s business of planning the party! Watch this space for details... Thank you all so very much for your support and kind custom over the past three years. Do pop in and see us at Past & Precious soon!", "es.\nFood as Medicine:\nThere is evidence that changing what we eat can slow inflammation or make the body inhospitable to cancer cells. It\u2019s amazing to think that just by changing what we eat, we can prevent, or sometimes reverse disease! Food really is medicine.\nI\u2019m not saying you can never eat pizza and hamburgers, because we were given taste buds for a reason. We have just trained our taste buds to prefer pizza and hamburgers over fruits and vegetables all the time. This is where the problem lies.\nI love food, I love to eat and I love pizza and hamburgers. But I also love fruits and vegetables. I don\u2019t eat pizza and hamburgers every day, but I do eat fruit and vegetables every day.\nI find the fruits and vegetables that I enjoy and I eat those. If I can find what\u2019s in season, even better because it will be fresher. The fresher your fruits and veggies the more antioxidants and vital nutrients they have to give to you.\nLook for farmer\u2019s markets, even in the winter, because they will be able to offer the freshest, in-season produce. Buy berries when they are in season and freeze them to use throughout the year. Frozen berries are easy, convenient and delicious in smoothies!\nYour body sees food as medicine. Every organ, blood vessel, and cell benefits from good food. You will see a healthy glow that you begin to feel on the inside. That glow will radiate outward.\nYour brain will be happier, your body will be happier, your hair and skin will be happier. Give yourself the chance to increase not only quantity of life but quality as well.\nAnd I\u2019ll take quality over quantity every time.\nI love to read and I recently read a great book about food. If you are interested", "Invalid email. Please try again.\n|15% Off||15% off any order||---|\n|Sale||Men's Jackets starting at $490.14||---|\n|Sale||Women's Jackets starting from $463.58||---|\n|Sale||Napoleon V2 Collection as low as $569.84||---|\n|Sale||Aviator Collection starting from $622.97||---|\nGet leather that fits and lasts like a second skin at Boda Skins.\nFound a great deal or co", "de? Share the savings!Get Started\nBoda Skins make leather that is so strong, so durable and so high quality that they offer one of the longest guarantees you will find. Their jackets are handmade using the very best materials and processes, and nothing but absolute perfection will pass muster. If you insist on the best and nothing less, then trust in Boda Skins", "Description: From his first appearance on ExtraBigDicks.com a few months back, the nine plus, thick, uncut inches on Jessie Alan have become a legenda. Cumming face to face with the legend today is dark, brooding and big dick loving Troy Montgomery \u2013 who incidentally is sporting a party-sized piece as well. They start kissing as Troy immediately begins to explore his larger than life playmate. Jessie\u2019s massive meat is coming alive as Troy opens wide and shoves as much as he can down his throat. He spit-shines Jessie\u2019s cock as it gets even thicker. Jessie holds Troy\u2019s head, helping him out by bobbing his head faster on his baby maker. Jessie needs more than that mouth and soon has Troy on his back with his legs in the air giving", "let us go. A few miles later, two Porcupine guys joined us, and the winning break was formed.\nSince I was just coming out of retirement and had put in a hard week, I was pleasantly surprised that I was in the break. We worked well together and by 70ish miles into the race had a 5+ minute gap. I was happy and began thinking of possible ways I could get to the line before my breakaway companions. Unfortunately, things didn't play out as I hoped.\nAs we came into the Moroni feedzone for a second time, I grabbed a musette bag from Karen. It had two bottles and a Coke in it. I put the bag around my neck and, riding without hands, began pulling out the bottles. As I pulled out the first bottle, I saw an orange flash. Just as I saw the orange flash, I heard my bike slam into what turned out to be an orange construction barrel, and then I felt myself flying over the bars and onto the ground. After I hit the ground, I lay there for a few seconds, a bit stunned. One of my breakaway companions said my musette bag was on my face and that he thought I was unconsious. But after a few seconds, I realized that I wasn't hurt all that bad -- just a few scrapes and a bit of road rash. I hopped on the bike and started chasing after my breakaway companions. My front wheel was a bit wobbly, but as I rode, I opened up my front brake and loosened the brake cable.\nI never caught my breakaway companions. And I have to admit that I was a bit bothered that they decided not to wait for me after our wheel support guy told them I was 30 seconds back and the group was over 5 minutes back. But in the end, I don't blame them and only hold a small grudge. :) I mean if a guy isn't smart enough to avoid pile-driving an orange barrel while riding a bike with no hands going 18 miles an hour, does he really deserve to be in the break? After a futile chase, I joined up with what was left of the main field and they pulled me back to the finish. Nice job to all those who were there. It was fun.\nAnd so I'm out of retirement and looking forward to another LOTOJA. Bring out the mallet. .", "What significant event happens to Dana on her twenty-sixth birthday", "On a map, New Zealand appears to lie in a remote corner of the southwest Pacific. In reality, it is only about three hours flying time southeast of Australia, a non-stop overnight flight from the United States, or a ten-hour direct flight from Singapore.\nCedar is located one hour from Wanaka and two hours from the adrenalin capital of the world Queenstown. If you are traveling to Cedar Lodge and need additional advice or help booking more of your vacation, don\u2019t hesitate to ask us and we will do our best to make sure you have a great trip.\nOur guests usually fly into Queenstown (adventure capital and Middle Earth Mecca), then from Queenstown one can rent a car for the gorgeous 1 1/2 hour drive to t", "Tips That Can Help You in Choosing the Best Online Anti Chafing Stick for Runners Supplier\nIf you are always taking part in athletics such as running, you might feel some sensation and chafe in parts of your inner thighs or other body parts, and this is because some parts of the skins might be getting into contact with each other and therefore tend to cause friction. The body parts that are in such places that can experience chafing and chub rub, will get this tingling sensation, which can turn into blisters and even ooze blood which can be painful. You need a good cream that will help in handling such chafing that you might experience from the body\u2019s contact with each other and which can cause such chafing. If that cream is well applied, it can create a hard surface area where there won\u2019t be any contact between the body parts and therefore the will be less friction and contact in the body. Some of the places that need such creams are between the thighs, nipples, groin, underarms, and even the parts where the body gets into contact with the bra. You need to find the best online anti-chafing stick for runners supplier who can help you in getting any of the creams that will be beneficial to you in the reduction of the chafing in your skin. You have to be careful if you have never bought the anti-chafing c", "en popped over the horizon. Designed by Kristi Jensen Pierro exclusively for Department 56.\nIN CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES\nPowered by eBay Turbo Lister\nThe free listing tool. List your items fast and easy and manage your active items.", "s, and haptics. By incorporating an integral skin, consumers enjoy a cushioned pad with a durable surface, impermeable to moisture and bacteria. Our high-fatigue-strength engineering plastics are ideal materials for chair components, enabling more efficient furniture designs with improved toughness and flexural modulus. And other products from our portfolio increase perceived quality through premium textures and improved noise reduction", "es. These involve\nthe use of heavy equipment and the quarry areas are dangerous,\nFor your own Safety and to avoid arrest for trespassing. Please, Stay Out!\n- Non-motorized vehicle access only.\n- If you\u2019re on a bike, Helmets are required.\n- Be respectful of the trails and to other trail users.\nBe safe, have fun and enjoy", "God, Leslie Jones could not catch a break this summer. After she earned raves for her performance in Ghostbusters, she became the target of Twitter trolls who flooded her mentions with racist attacks and memes. She bounced back with her uplifting, hilarious Olympics commentary and even flew to Rio to help NBC cover the Games. But just days after she", "What is the primary purpose of an SEO audit according to the text", "What type of padlocks have been added to the new purchases as part of the user experience improvement for the TouchBound system", "What does mikebontoft find unattractive about the Prius", "What unique content is Brandon Boyd showcasing in relation to the upcoming 'Adolescents' video", "What services does BoostYourCampaign provide to entrepreneurs looking to launch crowdfunding projects", "What are some of the key features of New Zealand's landscape and its appeal as a travel destination", "Witherspoon and Cameron Diaz tied for No. 2 on the list, which was determined by the stars' upfront pay on movies they are currently shooting, in addition to back-end pay given after a movie was released. The magazine also factored in earnings from perfume and clothing lines and ad campaigns.\nJennifer Aniston raked in with $27 million, followed by Sarah Jessica Parker with $25 million and Julia Roberts and Angelina Jolie each with $20 milllion.", "What reasons are given for questioning the assumption that one person's interpretation is superior to Lucas' own statements regarding plot points", "r specific dietary requirements. For our vegetarian, gluten-free, vegan and other choices speak with one of our friendly employee.\nConnect with Our Sandwich Catering Service Today\nOrder our range of fresh and rewarding sandwich platters for your party. We have quick and effective shipment available. Call us now on 0407 633 322 to create your ideal sandwich plate for your event.\nBurnside\u2019s Best Wedding Catering Service\nPlanning to get married in the not too distant future? Lucky for you and your partner, wedding catering has actually been our speciality since our inception. We can offer you with Melbourne\u2019s most exquisite buffet for your wedding. From full meal serving, to easy plates and canap\u00e9s, we\u2019ve got your wedding event catering concerns sorted with the extensive menus available for selection from our expert chefs.\nWe can also gladly accommodate themed marital occasions or bridal parties, supplying meals that fit in with the desired style of your wedding day in Melbourne. For any queries regarding customised menus, please do not hesitate to call Phil on 0408 633 332.\nOur Chefs Will Work Closely With You For Your Greek Catering In Burnside!\nWe understand perfectly that this is the greatest day of both of your lives, and we go to excellent lengths to guarantee that it moves along with ease, providing satisfaction for all. Working with our event management, we can best understand what you want your occasion to be. Using this understanding that you have actually provided, our event supervisors will do all of the effort to ensure that your function is one that you\u2019ll always remember!\nOur event management team will be dressed in proper clothing and inspire others with a smile on their face, wherever your wedding event remains in Melbourne.\nGet A Complimentary Quote For Your Wedding In Burnside\nCustomizing the menu to both you and the taste of your guests\nOffering meal options which adhere to everybody\u2019s dietary requirements may be hard for others, however not us! Our wedding event catering services are willing to work closely with you, to guarantee that no one on your guest list goes wanting on the day or for the bridal party prior. We can accommodate those who have any allergic reactions easily and efficiently, and we intend to provide you with nothing less than a service that your guests will be discussing for several years to come!\nWe can also provide amazing plates for your event or bridal celebration, from an excellent choice of antipasto, to our hot and tasty finger foods, as well as our renowned, cocktail canap\u00e9s.\nWe can cater for any size of wedding event, anytime, anywhere\nWith the rise in popularity of destination weddings, we have actually made it our responsibility to be offered on hand, any place your grand celebration is going to be set in Burnside! Our occasion supervisors will make your life simple, delivering the meals to your location, freshly prepared and all set to go. We can also easily offer wedding catering for both incredibly big and intimately small occasions, ensuring that you, your partner, and your guests will enjoy the food offered.\nTry Our Fresh Finger Food For Your Next Party In Burnside\nWant quality finger food catering for an approaching occasion? Impress your visitors with our variety of enticing appetisers and bite-sized meals. We\u2019ll ensure everyone at your celebration is pleased. No matter how big or small, we can deal with any sort of occasion.\nWe have over twenty years of experience in finger food catering. Catering by Chefs has the ideal selection for your next function.\nOur finger food catering service is available for all occasions:\n- Birthday parties\n- Wedding events\n- Engagement parties\n- Corporate events\n- Christmas parties\n- Office catering\n- Kids Party Catering\nEnjoy Our Wide Variety Of Delicious Finger Food In Burnside\nTreat your visitors with delicious finger foods such as canap\u00e9s, savoury tarts, sweets, crackers and cheeses.\nNeed help finding the best catering plan for your party? Speak with one of our friendly staff members today.\nProblem-free Finger Food Catering Service\nPlanning a celebration is a huge job. Let our enthusiastic team look after all your catering requirements. Have us take care of your guests so you can concentrate on enjoying your celebration.\nNo matter what menu choice you may fancy, we more than happy to provide you basic finger food catering.\nOur devoted chefs will create for you a menu according to your spending plan and taste. We have versatile finger food packages readily available.\nWe also do vegetarian and gluten-free meals so no one misses out at your celebration.\nFor questions and questions, or to begin preparing for your special catering occasion, contact Phil by calling (03) 9068 5053. Our Melbourne catering service is ready to make your next occasion a big success", "Comfort is the name of the game\nThere are considerable advantages designing and manufacturing furniture with BASF materials. Whether it's used in cushions, arm rests or back rests, our foams are uniquely versatile \u2014 able to be molded into any size or shape and to any level of softness or firmness demanded, for comfortable, durable seating.\nAnd our thermoplastic portfolio offers nearly any combination of structural performance, aesthetic", ", although part-time employees will have their hours cut because of the schedule change.\n''We've slashed our book budgets, programming,'' Lubert said. ''Thank goodness for the Friends organization we have that has helped us.\n''There's no traveling, continuing education - that's all be slashed. We trying to do everything to still keep the staff we have in tact and continue to serve the public.\nCurrent plans call for the library to resume Saturday hours on Sept. 12.\nHours during the week - 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday through Thursday and 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday - will remain the same", "What type of marketing is considered effective on Facebook according to the text", "Where is Cedar Lodge located in relation to Wanaka and Queenstown", "I\u2019ve replaced the default padlocks that are normally delivered with new purchases with keyless padlocks. As I explained before, this is part of an attempt to streamline the \u201cnew user experience\u201d with the TouchBound system.\nI still have a ton of product pictures that mention the fingerprint padlock and I\u2019ll do my best to updat", "But who is judging who here? Why do you presume your interpretation trumps the words that come out of Lucas' own mouth when it comes to discussing specific plot points? Why do you say my POV is 2-D? Why presume my POV isn't dynamic? Why do you presume I don't see the allusions to real life; the parallels with popular myth, greek tragedy, different philosophies of the world, religions etc etc just because I don't agree with your POV? I do see these things, and they are well documented even if I didn't see them for myse", "How can changing our diet impact health and wellbeing according to the text", "nts in 2018, four centrally funded universities are leading. The four institutes which have performed exceptionally well this year are IITs in Bombay, Delhi and Madras, and IISc in Bengaluru.\n27 Sep 2018\nAccording to the Times Higher Education (THE) World University Rankings 2019, published Wednesday, India saw a record 49 universities being chosen among the world's best.\n07 Jun 2018\nThree Indian institutes have made it to the top-200 in the QS World University Rankings 2019, with IIT-Bombay jumping 17 places to displace IIT-Delhi as the topper.\n14 Apr 2018\nThe country's IT city, Bengaluru, might become inhabitable by 2030, as per IISc.\n09 Feb 2018\nTo stop India's top brains from leaving the country in search of better opportunities, the Narendra Modi Cabinet has approved hundreds of lavish scholarships.\n23 Nov 2017\nIn a first, the prestigious IIT-Bombay has bagged the 9th position in the list of top 10 universities in BRICS countries (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa).", "Originally Posted by mikebontoft\nThe only thing that bugs me about the prius is the ugly ass shape. I understand its aerodynamic but its otherwise terrible... like losing 5mpg in a crosswind kind of terrible.\nCan't argue with you on that Mike .... I'd p", "What is the speaker excited to reveal about their shop", "What are some ways to encourage Facebook followers to keep returning to a business page", "Which teams did the Bobcats beat and who won the individual title mentioned in the text", "08 Apr 2019\nPresident Ram Nath Kovind on Monday announced the National Institute of Ranking Framework (NIRF) rankings released by the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD).\n27 Jan 2019\nThe Empowered Expert Committee (EEC) set up by the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) for selecting Institutions of Eminence (IoE) has put in a recommendation to increase the number of IoEs from the current 20 to 30.\n16 Jan 2019\nTimes Higher Education (THE) has released its 2019 rankings for universities in emerging economies, and 25 Indian higher education institutes have made it to the top 200.\n05 Dec 2018\nA powerful explosion today rocked an aerospace laboratory at the Indian Institute of Science in Bengaluru, killing a scientist and grievously injuring three others.\n03 Dec 2018\nIISc-Bangalore has been ranked among the top 100 universities in the world in the subject category 'Engineering and Technology' in 2019 Times Higher Education rankings.\n01 Dec 2018\nIn the race for pate", "What actions did Fr. Bergoglio take to protect endangered individuals during Argentina's military regime", "What catering options are available for special dietary requirements like vegetarian and gluten-free", "What is the author's opinion about seeing advertising on their bank account transactions", "his amusing game Seraphina and I are playing...\nund Drei: If a certain somebody does so much as either get Courier as a font or put an AlphaSmart in her background, I'm going teh be scared.....", "How many users are currently online in the forum", "looking for 2 tickets and a parking pass for the Coastal Carolina game. Need the parking pass more than the tickets.\nPlease PM if you have any for sell.\n- Who is online\n- In total the", "The Girard Free Library will cut back to five days a week for most of the summer, one of several moves to offset state budget cuts.\nThe library, which normally is closed on Sundays, also will be closed on Saturdays, beginning July 4.\nDirector Rose Ann Lubert said the move was necessary because the library is trying to make up for a 12 percent decrease in funding.\n''We'll probably suffer about $132,000 less this year, and we're looking at another 13 percent (cut) next year,'' Lubert said.\nSo far, the library has been able to avoid layoffs for its 15 full- and part-time employees", "What does Boda Skins offer in terms of the quality and durability of their leather jackets", "How do the new Gen III liftbacks compare in appearance to the previous two generations"]}