{"q_indices": [106, 18, 58, 114, 121, 9, 98, 112, 6, 94, 85, 69, 61, 111, 34, 59, 47, 104, 93, 74, 100, 25, 51, 122, 20, 79, 113, 0, 66, 97, 41, 110, 126, 91, 86, 67, 27, 92, 81, 56, 89, 119, 78, 109, 76, 16, 62, 45, 43, 60, 14, 40, 15, 125, 105, 70, 83, 123, 37, 31, 11, 38, 87, 17], "a_indices": [57, 48, 3, 23, 65, 118, 4, 12, 10, 120, 21, 63, 5, 2, 96, 39, 50, 13, 102, 54, 101, 49, 42, 88, 99, 28, 52, 95, 84, 124, 26, 33, 73, 71, 7, 115, 32, 8, 108, 44, 53, 90, 68, 64, 80, 1, 107, 82, 19, 75, 117, 36, 127, 72, 77, 22, 46, 24, 30, 55, 35, 29, 116, 103], "texts": ["What were the estimated costs to complete site work and install utilities at the three different locations for the judicial center", "nty on parts/labor (some restrictions apply).\nWere you involved in an accident? Nottingham Automotive body shop can fix it. Whether it is a door ding, deer strike, fender bender or major accident, our highly skilled body shop technicians can provide quotes and complete the repair with outstanding satisfaction.\nCall now or click below to schedule an appointment:Schedule a Service Appointmen", "s been popular for its amber, spicy fragrance containing notes of woods and spices, its best for daywear.\nCONNECT WITH US\nJoin our coupon list", "The Happiest Baby On The Block Download\nKate's story by happiest. This story was done with input from Blar and Tabris and of course written by me. If you want to leave some feed back or talk about giantess you can either message me with yahoo messenger or msn or email me. A single genetically engineered soldier, having roughly eight times the abilities of a normal human being. This would have been increased even more through the proper training had things went the way they had planned. As things stood now that wouldn(t be happening any time soon, the project had costed 2 billion dollars and had been a huge failure. The scientist couldn(t help but clinch his fist in anger at the man that they had chosen to enhance.\nThe Happiest Baby On The Block Download Ebook\nWhether you have a newborn baby or a toddler or a baby aged in between, there comes a time in most parent\u2019s lives when you ask yourself if your baby is sleeping too. TurboBit.net provides unlimited and fast file cloud storage that enables you to securely share and access files online. The Baby Care Video is used for Even Start Classes, the class is composed of young mothers that are required to attend parenting classes. The video just reinforces. The Happiest Baby on the Block . In perhaps the most important parenting book of the decade, Dr.\nHe wouldn(t have been worth the cost even if he would take orders though that had been expected. Java Jdk For Mac Os X Lion here. The prototype is hardly ever able to justify the money put into development all by itself. What made everything a total failure is that he had tried to escape several times despite having agreed to the project even after being informed what was going to be done to him. Now he and the wrest of the team were going to have to go before their superior and explain exactly what had went wrong. Jason wasn(t worried for his life, after all you don(t just kill a brilliant scientist for one mistake.\nHe was worried that he might actually lose his job or be put down to a less well paying possession. Even though he was confined to base and couldn(t really spend the money as he would like, he was quite looking forward to saving it up for some years until the project was done and then getting to spend the money. Now thanks to this one person his plans for a huge next egg had been ruined, all quite frustrating.\nYou can use baby wipes for more than just diaper changes. Here's how baby wipes can help you clean your pet, create scent sachets, and more. Harvey Neil Karp (born 1951) is an American pediatrician, child developmentalist, children\u2019s environmental health advocate. He is an Assistant Professor of. Top baby books: The Baby Whisperer The No Cry Sleep Solution Healthy Sleep Habits Happy Child The Happiest Baby on the Block The Contented Little Baby and more. Warning this story is one of a giantess and will eventually have adult themes. This story was done with input from Blar and Tabris and of cour", "'M\u00e9t\u00e9orites Wulong' Exceptional Refillable Pressed Powder\n|Item # 616898|\nBlack Dragon combines six shades to ensure a pure, flawless and luminous complexion regardless of skin tone. Matte shades are paired with two white an", "30% Off Everything\n(use code: FC30 )\n(Free U.S. shipping on orders over $95)\nCartier launched Santos De Cartier for men in 1981, since then it", "What is the address of the property currently for sale in Noblesville, Indiana", "Boneless Buffalo Chicken Salad Unchained Recipe Contest\nI remade Chili's Boneless Buffalo Chicken Salad because I really like chicken salads and I like hot wings. This recipe cuts the original's calories by about half. Most of the savings comes in baking the chicken in panko instead of frying the chicken in a batter.\nNOTE: After thinking about it and reading some co", "res and juniors.\n\"We can't afford to play individually,\" he said.\nThe coaching staff is teaching the young team to have a pack mentality and attack every pitcher and every runner as a pack.\nPanther starter, Clyde Mordica, finished the night with a complete game and the win.\n\"With the new pitch count rules, anytime you have a starter finish with a complete game and you have arms saved for the next week is a good thing,\" Joiner said.\n\"We're proud of the hustle tonight,\" he said and glad for the win. \"My dad always told me there are no ugly Ws.\"\nThere were plenty of mistakes on both sides of the field, but the Indians ended up on the short end of the stick.\nCampbell tried to comfort his players following the game.\n\"You've got to tell them that's not the team that practiced all week. We didn't come to play. Secondly, they're still learning how to win,\" he said. \"I've got seniors on the team who need to step up and be leadership on the team and if not, I'll bring some other guys in if I need to.\"\nHe also told his team that the season was not over after the first game of district.\n\"One game is not going to make or break our season. We have to come back and fight,\" he said.\nCampbell told his players it was going to be an uphill battle, but \"this is where you either step up or step away. We'll find that out in practice this next week.\"\nCampbell said he believed the ridiculous wind and rain affected his players, particularly his pitchers.\n\"You can't control the elements. One of the biggest things we try to tell these kids is to control what they can control - you can't control the weather, you can't control what the ump calls, you can't control anything else but your approach to the bat, you can control when the ball comes to you and what you do with it,\" the Indian coach said.\nDoubt and insecurity were also characteristic of the Indians throughout the match.\n\"I still think some of our guys are not sure of themselves and we need to build that confidence in them,\" Campbell said.\nThe Cleveland coach said he would break down the game and correct some of the things that crept up from the past.\n\"They still have a lot of baseball to learn. We've been on a fast learning curve through our tournament season,\" he said. \"We've had some good and bad outings. We just have to come better prepared to play.\"\nCampbell said he would work more with his pitching staff and bullpen production and get tougher with his team on hitting first-pitch strikes.\n\"We just need to put ourselves in a position to be successful,\" Campbell said", "What services does Tribble & Ayala, Certified Public Accountants utilize for bookkeeping and accounting", "This property that is located at\n5053 Montview, Noblesville Indiana 46062 in Hamilton county is currently for sale.\nThis property is offered by Liberty Real Estate, LLC,\nagent", "What is the role of essay writing in the educational process and for academic assessments", "d gold illuminating shades that add subtle radiance. The delicate black-metal powder compact is sculpted with a gold mother-of-pearl rosette and tucked inside a black suedette pouch bordered with red stitching.\n- By Guerlain", "nefits and other factors.\nManager, Quotation and Tender Team\nSchneider Electric - Nashville, TN\nER Paramedic at Vanderbilt, Level 1 Trauma Center, Nights - VUMC\nVanderbilt University Medical Center - Nashville, TN\nJohn Q. Hammons Hotels & Resorts - Franklin, TN\n|See more Square D Nashville, TN Jobs\u00bb|\n|Search All Jobs|", "What is one of the main strategies to create a framework of cooperation among employees with different personalities", "What are the uses of Tennessee Icons 3D Stickers", "What types of accidents can Nottingham Automotive body shop repair", "What are some of the activities that Paul and Judy do in the book 'Pat the Bunny'", "What was Emperor Karl's attitude towards the Eucharist and Communion before and during his death", "This templet on clitoral sex is going to buccaneer you double techniques to rub, plodding and stimulate you clitoris when you\u2019re masturbating alone and during sex allowing you to participate all types of deep orgasms with your man. imagine of this guide on clit stimulation as an extension of my different auto-eroticism guide here. Note To Men: You guys can besides action these techniques to help give your pardner much intense orgasms more often.\nShower time I lay in the vessel and I put an reject that is shaped like a turncock exclusive of my pussy. I put it 'tween my legs and stand in the shower while I movement my legs harder and harder. victimization a jet spray I sit on the floor of the exhibitioner and geographic area the head now on top of my erectile organ w", "Who created the new logo design", "Talent Management and Development\nTribe Talent Management helps new and experienced models and actors in all aspects of building a career. We specialize in the development and placement of both modeling and acting through our extensive network of modeling agencies, agents. and managers worldwide.\nYou may be a working model/actor or just getting started. Our Tribe of professional photographers, makeup artists, stylists", "ator in the global economy. Discover how day-to-day conversations address and close competency gaps. The results? Today\u2019s leaders are able to realize their full potential, achieve results, and identify and grow future leaders.", "se written by me.\nTurning his attention to the clock on the wall he let out a long sigh. The two scientist making there way into the room and setting down in front of the base commander. Sheila Steel for her part had been waiting on the two, the female general having been put in charge of the base thanks to her past history of being trust worthy and good at keeping secrets as well as keeping a lid on things that shouldn(t get out. Greeting the bases commander the two scientist took their seats after which Sheila did before speaking. Sheila seemed to take a moment to think on this, ( So you are saying that the treatment might have caused Bird(s current unstable condition?( Not wanting to let Melvin dig their whole any deeper Jason didn(t give him a chance to talk. Jason trying to divert the blame while Melvin though trying to be honest seemed to be working on digging the entire team(s grave.\nThe female commander finally having enough and ending the two(s bickering. It had been the scientific team(s job to pick the volunteer that would go threw the procedure they had chosen the most physically fit one figuring that they would show the most favorable results. This had been wrong on several accounts as they later found out one of them being his unfavorable mental condition.\nRussell Investments is a Seattle-based subsidiary of the London Stock Exchange Group, which acquired it for $2.7 billion in 2014. The company is a global asset.\nThe Happiest Baby On The Block Download Free\nSheila just let out a long sigh the look on their faces was enough and she was holding a lab report in her hand detailing every step they had taken and every result. So do you think you can conduct another test with the resources you have left to you and do you think you can use the data gained from Bird so you have a greater chance of success. On this Mevlin and Jason were able to agree if another test subject was found they could probably have improved results. Looking at the lab report ( Now it seems what you need is someone whose body couldn(t hold up to the virus very well and perhaps was still in the stage of growth.( Jason for his part had mostly had the task of running the machines though he did know most of the project details Melvin still had an edge on him in this area thus he took the question. Things could have gone a lot worse then what they had and the conference didn(t take long at all. The both of them found themselves wondering just what kind of person would be brought in for the next project though. As the two left Sheila had picked up the phone and began placing a call.\nTomas had been setting at his desk looking threw a few files, he worked for Child Wellfare for some time now. He had been in it long enough that he had given up on the system for the most part. It was hard to find good parents for the children when they did take away from their current condition and getting the child was pretty hard in the first place.", "th Roswell Fire Chief Ricky Spenser, Alpharetta Fire Battalion Chief Wesley McCall, Jason Lupuloff and Jim Meynard to gather input and craft this legislation.\nSenate Bill 358\nSenate Bill 358 expands who can file a missing child report with the Missing Children Information Center (MCIC) to include individuals and institutions charged with the care of foster children. SB 358 will ensure that information concerning a missing foster child\u2019s whereabouts will be delivered to the appropriate authorities and allow for a more streamlined, efficient process for reporting runaways or abductions. SB 358 was championed by members of the Roswell Rotary, including Dave McCleary, and Rep. Harry Geisinger (R\u2013Roswell).\nSenate Bill 386\nSenate Bill 386 protects sensitive information, such as Social Security numbers, taxpayer ID numbers and financial account numbers, included in court filings. Senate Bill 386 clarifies that where Social Security numbers, taxpayer identification numbers, and/or financial account numbers are included, only the last four digits of any such number may be included in the filing.\nThe continued need to protect the personally-identifiable information of Georgians\u2019 was brought to Sen. Albers attention through a Fox 5 I-team report featuring a local Roswell man, Rob Morella, whose personal information was readily-assessable on the Fulton County Courts website. After Fox 5 reporter Dale Russell and Rob Morella brought this issue forward to the public, Sen. Albers\u2019 worked closely with several judges, the clerks of the court association and citizens to solve this important issue and pass this legislation into law.\nAll four bills will go into effect on July 1, 2014.\nFor Immediate Release:\nApril 24, 2014\nFor Information Contact:\nJennifer Yarber, Director\nShawna Mercer, Sr. Communications Specialist", "What are the four sequential stages of Iran's presence in Latin America as mentioned in the text", "I have never been a part of a traveling quilt project before, so when Jacey invited me to be a part of her fantastic quilt voyage project I was mixed with fear and excitement. The idea is you make one block to start your own quilt and then it\u2019s shipped around to one of the other participants, who in turn make a block and send it on to the next quilter. Once everyone has made a block it comes home and you can put together a quilt top. Most of us are on pinterest and we\u2019ve been busy pinning all sorts of inspiration for our quilts. Using pinterest has been a great way to really focus on what you are hoping for your own quilt and also get a feel for what would work for someone else.\nSome of us are also sending along a journal/blank book of some sort for all of us to write in as we work on a block. I", "What was the final score of the Panthers' district opening game against the Cleveland Indians", "nter, a professional graphics designer up in Boston who did it for us for free. Thank you Adrian!! If you like it, post comments on it!!", "essaywriters.com/write-my-paper essay is, by and large, a bit of composing that offers the writer\u2019s own contention however the definition is ambiguous, covering with those of an article, a handout, and a little story. Now students are buy research papers online. Students buy research papers have the success that is academic. The online investigation paper writing services provide top quality research paper online. The writers of your paper is available in all time if you buy a paper from online. So, when you yourself have any requirements then you can certainly talk to your writer. The high qualified writers of online Write My Research paper within time at affordable price. While writing an essay data analysis is have very role that is important. Without analyzing a data you are feeling tough written down and you can not in a position to complete your essay properly.\nAnalysis is the process of breaking a mind boggling subject or substance into littler parts with a specific end goal to get a superior comprehension from it. Likewise with any analysis, this obliges you to separate the topic into its segment parts. The first plus the most critical stride in composing an essay is point analysis and characterizing those perspectives that should be shrouded in the future essay and just how the blueprint needs to be created. The errand seems to be exceptionally troublesome. Whatever the case, from the off chance that you take into account any theme deliberately, you will find that it most of the time has clear hints of what you should compose and exactly how you must get it done. A standout among the most more popular shortcomings of essays will be incorporate portrayal that is broad the area of analysis and confirmation; to place it another route, to present data as if it were proof for a place which can be not made.\nWhile writing an essay analysis is have role that is main. A perused the point carefully in analysis part. Underline the words that are key. Explain the theme in your particular words, however utilizing the underlined watchwords too, to yourself. Try to answer the relevan question \u00abWhat would it be advisable for me to compose?\n\u041f\u043e \u044d\u0442\u0438\u043c \u0437\u0430\u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0430\u043c \u043f\u0440\u044f\u043c\u043e \u0441\u0435\u0439\u0447\u0430\u0441 \u043f\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0445\u043e\u0434\u044f\u0442 \u043d\u0430 \u0441\u0430\u0439\u0442\u044b \u043d\u0430\u0448\u0438\u0445 \u043a\u043b\u0438\u0435\u043d\u0442\u043e\u0432.", "Hey there! My name is Myasi ( pronounced my-yah-see) and I'm your go-to-girl for all things informative and inspiring towards everyday life for your audience.\nI am able to offer your audience, business, and brand high quality content that will keep your loyal readers engaged, and new readers interested. I a", "How does the speaker feel about their ability to contribute to a meaningful mission", "Panthers open district with 15-3 win over Indians\nPublished 8:35 am, Sunday, March 26, 2017\nTeam-oriented. Follow Panther Head Baseball Coach Will Joiner around long enough and you'll hear him preach a sermon on playing as a team equals winning as a team. On Friday night, in the midst of a torrential downpour that came and went periodically throughout the game, the wind and rain didn't deter the team effort by the Panthers to pound out a district win against the Cleveland Indians, 15-3.\nThe win puts Hardin-Jefferson, a 5-1 winner over Tarkington, and the Panthers in a first-place tie at 1-0 early in the season with a lot more games to play.\n\"At the end of the night, we just wanted to be 1-0 in district,\" Joiner said.\n\"It was definitely not our best game, but it's a step forward for us toward the playoffs,\" he said.\nThe Panthers banged out a quick 5-0 lead in the first inning.\n\"We preach to them a 'First to Five' philosophy,\" Joiner said. In other of words, the first team to five runs is almost always the winner of the game.\n\"I'm proud of our guys. When we got to that five-point lead on the board, they could have quit, but they didn't,\" he said. Instead, the Panthers continued to put pressure on the opposing pitchers and banged out 10 more runs across the plate to seal the game.\nIt was a rough outing for first-year Cleveland Head Coach Earl Campbell.\n\"Our pitching has not been our strong suit,\" he said. \"I had two or three guys in mind warming up and I went with my gut instinct and who looked the best coming out.\"\nCampbell said he felt bad for the young man because he's had some good outings in the past, but tonight he got roughed up.\n\"He had good warm-ups and he hit his spots early, but when you get a batter in the box, it's a lot different,\" Campbell said.\nThe Panthers also used aggressive running on the bases to score.\n\"It puts pressure on the other team and tonight it worked in our favor,\" Joiner said.\n\"We have some speed and so when we can get those guys on base, we like to utilize that speed,\" the Panther coach said.\nOn one occasion, JJ Slack stole home from third base early in the game, a risky move even with the lead.\n\"[We saw] they had gotten into a rhythm of throwing a curve ball,\" Joiner said, \"so we thought we might see one in the dirt and sure enough it did. The ball bounced in the dirt and JJ was able to slide in.\"\nIn that situation, according to Joiner, he just had to be sure that his batter at the plate got the sign not to swing.\nThe Panthers boast a young roster with a lot of sophomo", "ended up making a sort of a journal pack with mini copies of the pins I found for inspiration and punched ovals from paint chips for color palette matching. There are also some fabric scraps along with a clip to hold the journal cards that people put together as they work on the project.\nI used a box from Fat Quarter Shop for shipping (they always use such sturdy boxes) but I thought I should do something to make sure people knew it wasn\u2019t being sent from Fat Quarter Shop. I didn\u2019t want anyone to walk out to the mailbox and think \u201cdid I order a big box of fabric and completely forget about it?\u201d It could happen, right?! So I doodled all around the box in the hopes no one has a panic attack on their front step.\nEven though it\u2019s months away, I\u2019m already looking forward to putting together my quilt", "What is the purpose of collecting personal data when using the services", "Essay writing is definitely a crucial element of educational activities. Doing your essay and excel in course, you\u2019ll want appropriate writing abilities. Furthermore, before gaining admission into an organization of greater learning, you\u2019ll want to write an essay included in the admissions procedure. When issued admission, you are going to continue steadily to draft essays, especially in humanities. Listed here are a few of the major functions of writing essays.\nWhile drafting documents, authors want to show their knowledge of an offered concept. Also, teachers often utilize compositions to guage just how pupils have understood a notion. Through essays, the tutors can evaluate their arguments, examples and certain analyses since well as conclusions offered in the papers.\nA good paper is the one that includes a good company and is well organized. Consequently, compositions can communicate whether a pupil undertook preparation that is good drafting the paper. Along with this, composing functions as a means by which learners learn to make arguments strongly related this issue.\nThrough compositions, learners boost their writing abilities. They discover ways to make use that is proper of, idioms and punctuation markings. What\u2019s more, they could nurture their own writing designs and blossom into skilled public speakers or innovative writers.\nJust exactly just What if i will be struggling with writing and I also desire a author to accomplish my paper for me personally? The best answer is to find an on-line writing solution.\nWhether it\u2019s time and energy to ignore your life that is personal and every moment to writing, you have absolutely gotten the project of crafting an investigation paper. It really is a way that is great your instructor to evaluate your analytical and composing abilities. However it brings therefore pain that is much you that you keep postponing the assignment for later on. If you have reached a crucial point and desire a term of advice, this solution is strictly what you are actually to locate. Just even as we hear your demand: \u00abHelp me personally compose a university research paper\u00bb, you could start a direct speak to a author to go over all of the important details.\nAn https://elite", "your business grows, staying involved in the employee onboarding process will help you to gain a familiarity with the skillsets of each new addition, making it easier to pick people for projects who will naturally work well with each other and complement each other\u2019s abilities. When you have two team members who have complementary skill sets, but don\u2019t really get along, then you have to be a little bit creative to ensure that they keep things moving forward. Being goal oriented is good, and as things progress, pointing out how each team member\u2019s work is complementary can help them to build a professional level of respect for each other.\nExperiment with the best form of communication. While face to face communication is the most effective, in a small business it\u2019s not always an option, ad calling in a meeting every week is most likely only going to make your team members more sick of each other, not less. The beauty of the digital age is that there are several methods of communication that employees can use, and the costs are usually not an issue. Email is the traditional choice, and not that it is usually available on mobile phones it can be a much faster and comprehensive form of communication than it used to be, but for more active remote teams, texting may be more pragmatic option given the expediency of the medium. Add to that skype calling, a slew of google tools, dropbox, basecamp and others, and you should be able to find a medium that allows two opposite employees to mesh.\nPhoto Credit to Leon Riskin on Flick", "What kind of services does Myasi offer to audiences, businesses, and brands", "What is the importance of analysis in writing an essay according to the text", "rmation about the access (date, time, page viewed) can be saved. These data do not belong to the personal data, but are anonymized. They are evaluated for statistical purposes only. A transfer to third parties for commercial and non-commercial purposes does not take place. Furthermore, we point out that data transmission over the Internet (eg in the case of communication via e-mail) has security gaps and cannot be completely protected against access by third parties.", "What are some effective communication methods suggested for ensuring team members with complementary skills work well together", "What is the purpose of the traveling quilt project described by the author", "The IFAC 2017 World Congress Proceedings have been published online on 20 October 2017.\nOn 22 October the following message was sent to all Congress attendees:\nDear Congress attendees,\nThe IFAC World Congress proceedings are now online. See the IFAC-PapersOnLine volume 50:\nLet me thank you all once again for your participation to the World Congress in Toulouse.\nIf not done yet, you may provide", "What are some techniques mentioned in the text for stimulating the clitoris during masturbation and sex", "Week!\nBuck Rogers in 25th Century Dailies Vol 6 HC\nCaligula Vol 1\nCaligula Vol 1 HC\nCaligula Vol 1 HC (Signed Edition)\nComic Book History Of Comics\nDaken Dark Wolverine No More Heroes HC\nDeadpool Max Involuntary Armageddon \u2013 Own the Hardcover\nDino Duck Prehysterical\nDoctor Solar Man of the Atom Vol 2 Revelation\nFoot Soldiers Vol 1\nGI Joe A Real American Hero Vol 4\nGolden Age Western Comics HC\nHarvey Horrors Chamber of Chills Vol 2 HC\nHaunt Vol 3\nJoe Hill\u2019s The Cape HC \u2013 Runner Up Pick of the Week!\nMad Archives HC Vol 3\nMarvel Universe Spider-man Amazing Fantasy Digest\nMighty Thor By Matt Fraction Vol 2 HC\nMighty Thor By Matt Fraction Vol 1 \u2013 Own the Hardcover\nMMW Amazing Spider-Man Vol 7 SC\nMMW Atlas Era Journey Into Mystery Vol 4 HC\nQueen Sonja Vol 3 Coming of Age\nRogue Trooper Tales of Nu Earth Vol 1 (S&S Edition)\nShowcase Presents Sea Devils Vol 1\nSpace Family Robinson Archives Vol 4 HC\nStormwatch Vol 1 The Dark Side\nStrawberry Shortcake Vol 1 Berry Fun\nStrikeforce Morituri Vol 3\nUltimate Comics Spider-Man DOSM Fallout\nUncanny X-Force Otherworld HC\nUncanny X-Force Vol 3 Dark Angel Saga Book 1 \u2013 Own the Hardcover\nVenom Circle Of Four HC\nZorro Rides Again Vol 1\nBamboo Blade Vol 13\nDaniel X The Manga Vol 3\nDeltora Quest Vol 6\nMakeshift Miracle Vol 1 The Girl From Nowhere HC\nMelancholy Of Haruhi Suzumiya Vol 12\nNabari No Ou Vol 10\nOmamori Himari Vol 7\nPandora Hearts Vol 10\nPuella Magi Madoka Magica Vol 1\nSoul Eater Vol 9\nSumomomo Momomo Vol 12\nUntil Death Do Us Part Vol 1\nThere\u2019s not a lot to say about Joe Hill that hasn\u2019t already been said. Joe Hill is a GREAT writer. Period. Even more importantly, Joe Hill is also great to his fans. Follow him on Twitter. It should take about 5 to 10 tweets (or less) to watch it happen.\nThat Hill\u2019s The Cape began as a short tale (originally collected in the writer\u2019s 2005 short story compilation 20th Century Ghosts)\u2026 Then was able to be adapted into an intriguing, multi-layered 5 issue mini-series (including a #0 Preview issue) with zero narrative padding evident\u2026 Is a testament to the depth of Hill\u2019s talent\u2013 and the strong feelings he invokes with just a few words.\nThe ability to create more with less is absolutely an art.\nPsst! Don\u2019t be telling Brian Michael Bendis or any of his current comic book peers\u2026 But back in the day Steve Ditko, Jack Kirby, Stan Lee (and virtually every other artist and writer until around 1995 or so) could shove a shitload of plot, character development and action into EVERY issue of EVERY comic book\u2026 Just like the creators do in this collection.\nOn its own, The Cape stands as the ultimate What If? story\u2026 As in \u201cWhat would you do if you suddenly developed super powers?\u201d Would you be Captain America or a Bad Guy\u2026 Or maybe just a Selfish Guy? Barring discovering your powers during a World War, a national disaster (or worse) to help determine your fate\u2026 With no Odin or Uncle Ben standing behind you to be your moral compass\u2026 What would you do?\nWould you rescue a kitten out of a tree or drop a bear on a policeman\u2019s car? (You\u2019ll have to read this collection to figure that reference out.)\nThe answer in The Cape is one answer to this question. Not all the answers, of course\u2013 but quite possibly a very real one\u2026 If one of us were having a bad series of days, months and years\u2013 and suddenly discovered we had power beyond the mortal norm.\nHill\u2019s short story is faithfully and excellently adapted by Jason Ciaramella, with equally great art by Zach Howard. It is a must read", "Who is the front runner to play the lead role in 'The Silver Linings Playbook' according to Deadline", "Sen. Albers Joins Governor Deal for Bill Signings at the Georgia State Capitol\nATLANTA (April 24, 2014) | Sen. John Albers (R-Roswell) joined Governor Nathan Deal at the Georgia State Capitol on Tuesday, April 22, to sign the following bills he sponsored into law: SB 207, SB 235, SB 358, and SB 386.\n\u201cI commend Governor Nathan Deal for signing these bills into law and would like to recognize the dedication of my colleagues in both the House and Senate for their favorable consideration of this important legislation,\u201d said Sen. Albers. \u201cI would also like to thank the people of the 56th Senate District and citizens across this state for working tirelessly to help make this legislation possible.\u201d\nDuring the bill signing, Sen. John Albers was joined by his wife Kari Albers, mother-in-law Glenda Puscizna and several interested stakeholders who worked to secure the passage of the following bills into law:\nSenate Bill 207\nSenate Bill 207 adds private home care providers to the list of long-term care facilities that fall under the purview of the Georgia Long-Term Care Ombudsmen Program. Under this legislation, Georgians will be afforded an extra measure of protection in private home care settings. The passage of SB 207 was made possible through the assistance and collaborative efforts of Doug Lueder, Jason Lupuloff and several private home care provider companies based in North Fulton.\nSenate Bill 235\nSenate Bill 235 allows firefighters who perform at least 1,040 hours of annual service to be eligible for membership in the Georgia Firefighters\u2019 Pension Fund. Current law defines firefighter as a full-time employee who is compensated for their position, holds a current firefighter\u2019s certification and performs the function of suppressing fires. As a volunteer firefighter himself, Sen. Albers worked closely wi", "What factors does compensation depend on at Square D Nashville, TN", "that the door be left wide open saying:\nI do so want to see the altar!\nHe was so respectful of the Eucharist that he was not going to receive because he was afraid that his constant coughing might profane the host, but remarkably, during the holy rites his coughing stopped completely and he was able to take Communion. It was as if he were compelled by the Lord to receive Holy Communion. When he asked the Empress to tell the priest that he wished to receive Communion, she told him that it was not possible because Countess Mensdorff was going to receive the only host consecrated. Emperor Karl could not be dissuaded, so Empress Zita went to the priest and saw that he too must have had an inner voice because he had consecrated an additional host for the Emperor.\nAs Emperor Karl lived, so did he die. In life he was united with our Eucharistic Lord, and the Blessed Sacrament was the center of his life when he died. Half an hour before he died he wished to receive Holy Communion. Although his face was pale and drawn from his long, tiring struggle with illness, his face radiated with joy as he received the Eucharist. This radiance remained on his face after his death. During the Emperor\u2019s final moments, Father Zs\u00e1mboki held the Blessed Sacrament before his eyes, and in the presence of the Eucharist he said his final words:\nThy Will be done, Jesus, Jesus, come!\nWith his final breath, he whispered:\nHe now entered that eternal light, which is symbolized by the sanctuary lamp he had so carefully attended in his chapel.\nMy Lord and God, according to the marvelous example of Your servant, Emperor Karl, I will visit You in the tabernacle frequently, and receive You with joy and longing in the most Blessed Sacrament of the Eucharist. Hear my petitions and grant my request [mention your intention here] through the intercession of Blessed Emperor Karl of Austria. Amen\nAve Maria. Pater Noster. Gloria Patri", "rampant. The Hezbollah operatives are blending into the numerous Shia and Lebanese communities in the area.\nHezbollah thru the Iranians are heavily involved in the drug business and a 2011 DEA report stated that a ring that was broken up had laundered over $200 million thru the Lebanese Canadian Bank where monies were used to fund the Islamic Jihad Organization, which is Hezbollah\u2019s terrorist wing.\nHowever, since the bombings in Argentina, the Iranians and Hezbollah are keeping a low profile in Latin America, especially in the Tri-Border Region. Iran claims it is only trying to grow its trade with the region while leftist governments of Ecuador, Nicaragua, Venezuela, and Bolivia have vigorously welcomed Iran\u2019s new influence in Latin America. Many of these countries are hostile to continuing US influence and have welcomed the Iranians in an attempt to thumb their nose at Washington. Especially in Venezuela prior to Chavez\u2019s death and Bolivia.\nThe Spanish Language television station \u201cHispanTV\u201d has since 2012 carried the news from Tehran and its Islamist message to millions of viewers across the region. While conversion rates to Islam continue to be small, there is the concern that the message to entice some youth over to more radicalized views will ultimately occur.\nIran\u2019s presence in Latin America developed over the course of four sequential stages:\nCultural \u2013 building of schools, mosques and \u201cCultural Centers\u201d\nDiplomatic \u2013 established diplomatic posts as a cover, solidified presence in the region\nEconomic \u2013 Illicit trade (drug smuggling, money laundering) to circumvent UN sanctions\nMilitary \u2013 Money was used to help missile building programs and fund terrorism\nAnd while Iran\u2019s foreign minister Javad Zarif went on a six-nation tour and openly denigrated America, he espoused his beliefs that the US would go out of its way to encourage other nations to do business with Iran. He was correct. Then Secretary of State John Kerry visited Europe to encourage banks and companies to again do business with Iran. Outwardly under the Obama administration, the attempt was to downplay the growing Iranian presence in the region.\nThe new regime in Washington under President Trump will have to navigate the waters carefully. He was vehemently opposed to the Iran nuclear deal and his government could open the door for new sanctions against Tehran. The Colombian peace accord with FARC was a blow to Tehran as the leftist terror group was openly allied with Hezbollah. This peace pact besides disarming the rebel group may prevent further infiltration of Iranian influence in the area.\nTrump\u2019s inaugural address promised to eradicate radical Islamic terrorism \u201cfrom the face of the earth.\u201d\nPerhaps a good place to start is close to home where Hezbollah has operated networks that have bought political influence among local powers, allied with organized crime, and has had financial dealings with both. The US has long advocated that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism, and their proxies Hezbollah have certainly lived up to that distinction in the Middle East. Placing harsh financial sanctions on the banks and countries complicit in Hezbollah\u2019s dealings is the only way to counter their efforts in the region.\nOtherwise, the specter of more terrorism, this time closer to, if not in the United States is a distinct possibility", "It's FREE. Based on your input and our analysis. How we do it?\nAll fields are required for calculation accuracy.\nSquare D Nashville, TN salary is full-time annual starting salary. Intern, contractor and hourly pay scale vary from regular exempt employee. Compensation depends on work experience, job location, bonus, be", "When were the IFAC 2017 World Congress Proceedings published online", "MILTON \u2014 The city of Milton will provide funding to offset the cost of building a new judicial center in Santa Rosa County, as long as the new building is constructed in downtown Milton.\nMilton Mayor Guy Thompson attended Monday\u2019s Santa Rosa County Commission meeting to discuss assisting the county with the cost of developing a new judicial center at the current courthouse property.\n\u201c(The city) is willing to put forth a financial effort to ensure the fact that downtown is the best location for you to financial build the judicial center,\u201d Thompson told the commission Monday.\nCommissioners have decided on three possible locations for the judicial facility, in downtown Milton behind the existing courthouse, in East Milton on land that would be donated to the county, and the Coldwell Banker site on U.S. Highway 90 near Avalon Boulevard.\nThe new judicial center has an estimated price tag of $35 million.\nCounty residents will be asked to choose a location for the judicial center and to approve a limited sales tax to fund its constr", "So you can\u2019t make the LIAC Casino Night but still want to have some fun? We have over 55 amazing Team Spirit Chance Baskets that are still calling your name. (See attached for a preview listing.)\nSo, if you want to take a Chance on our awesome Team Spirit Baskets, come meet Stacy Gregorace and Grace Aroesty at the Eisenhower Pool Main Lobby on Wednesday, February 1st between 4:45pm and 7:15pm to purchase your raffle tickets.\nRaffl", "ter homes and gardens. Cottage casual beach style bathroom austin by. Naina singla fashion stylist and style expert blog. The format file is image/jpeg and the resolution is 727 x 1000 pixels.\nLiving life to the fullest", "m aware that your business stands for something and your tribe supports it. The good thing is, so do I!\nEveryone is on a mission towards a bigger picture here and I'm eager to help out with that! My work will show that all of those tuition payments towards my Multimedia Journalsism degree didn't go to waste", "What adaptation of Joe Hill's short story was well-received and praised for the depth of storytelling and character development", "Reverence for the Most Blessed Sacrament\nBlessed Karl lived under the glory of the Blessed Sacrament. The rays of grace from this splendor attracted him, and he loved to visit the tabernacle. Whether stressed by the strains of government or just the ordinary beginning of his day, he sought guidance and solace before Jesus Christ in the tabernacle. Wherever he lived, he sought to have a private chapel where the Blessed Sacrament could be reserved. His devotion to the Eucharist manifested itself even in small details, such as his concern that the sanctuary lamp should never be allowed to go out. Several times a day he would say:\nI must go to see if the altar light is still burning.\nWhen he said this, everyone knew that he would be away for some time kneeling and praying before the Blessed Sacrament.\nThe depths of his prayer and meditation were so great that he was often unaware of what was occurring around him. For instance, he frequently was so caught up in prayer that he did not realize that the collection basket was being passed. In order not to disturb him, Empress Zita talked him into holding his offering in his hand from the beginning of Mass so that she could nudge his arm to drop the money into the basket at the appropriate time.\nFather Maurus Carnot, O.S.B., said about Emperor Karl:\nIn Disentis [Switzerland], it did not matter whether it was snowing or if there were snow drifts, he was always punctual for Holy Mass at the Church of Saint Mary, where he would receive Holy Communion during the masses that Crown Prince Otto, with his boyish curly hair, would serve\u2026\nDuring the Emperor\u2019s fatal illness, he had the strongest longings to frequently receive Holy Communion. Holy Mass was regularly celebrated in the drawing room adjacent to his sick room. At first the door was left ajar so that he could follow the masses without losing privacy or risk infecting others, but he soon requested", "What challenges did the genetically engineered soldier face in the project described in the text", "What type of data is saved for evaluation and who do they belong to", "What common myths about female masturbation were believed in Europe during the 18th and 19th centuries", "What year was Santos De Cartier launched for men", "What recent news relate to Rachel's project 'The Vow' and promotional shoot for 'Morning Glory'", "and coaches can provide you with the guidance you need in the competitive world of modeling and acting.\nIt is our goal to establish a working relationship with our talent and provide them with the skills and proper marketing materials required in the industry. Through the Tribe Network of industry professionals, you will obtain everything needed to make a lasting impression with Agents, Managers and Casting Directors", "in the supply chain at EU level are crucial as big retailers and processors are increasingly operating on a pan-European basis. Regulation in one country alone will not prevent abuses in the supply chain across borders.\n\u201cWhen we have significant price pressure, and long and complicated food supply chains, there are opportunities for some processing and retailing operators to cut corners which is completely unacceptable; the current issue with horsemeat in the supply chain is a case in point.\n\u201cI will continue to provide leadership on food chain issues and to work with Copa-Cogeca representatives to build equitable, fair and transparent supply chains.\n\u201cFinally, with the recently launched green paper on unfair trading practices from the EU Commission, I will provide robust leadership to ensure we take advantage of the opportunity this presents for strengthening the position of farmers in the supply chain.\u201d", "Honest, Dependable, Confidential . . .\nAccounting You Can Trust\nWhether you need tax preparation, bookkeeping services, financial planning, QuickBooks\u00ae consulting, or other professional services, we at Tribble & Ayala are ready to help.\nSince 1977, we have provided our professional services to individuals and businesses located throughout Angels Camp, Murphys, Arnold, Calaveras County and beyond. With offices in both Angels Camp and Arnold, we are the largest CPA firm in the county, but are still small enough to care, and be involved in our community.\nFeatures of Our Site\n- A list of our professional services, as mentioned above\n- A brief history of our firm, and other", "What concerns do some aldermen have regarding the proposed recruitment policy and the allocation of funds for hiring search firms in Waukesha", "What change did Jasonious make to the wing sauce amount in the nutrition calculator", "Peter Kendall to continue as Chairman of Copa-Cogeca\nNFU President Peter Kendall has been endorsed by farming unions and co-operatives from across the EU for a further two year term as Chairman of the Copa-Cogeca food chain working party.\nMr Kendall began the role in 2010 and said that he was ready to push forward with the significant progress that has already been made at the EU level. He also stated that he was looking forward to continuing to work with farmers and co-operatives across Europe.\nSpeaking on the NFU\u2019s official website, Mr Kendall said: \u201cThe significant issues in the food supply chain remain a personal priority for me, and indeed for the NFU as an organisation.\n\u201cWith the recent appointment in the UK of a supermarket adjudicator, after a decade of lobbying, my resolve is strengthened further to help make changes in the EU supply chain for the benefits of farmers and growers.\n\u201cProper rules", "What does the Tribe Network aim to provide for aspiring talent in the modeling and acting industry", "What are the benefits of day-to-day conversations in developing leaders within the global economy", "for direction,\u201d TD Securities\u2019 Millan Mulraine said. \u201cNevertheless, with labour market conditions continuing to be favourable and buying conditions remaining very attractive, we believe that it will be only a matter of time before the housing recovery shifts up a gear or two and provide a crucial second wind to the economic recovery.", "will add depth, dimension, and shine to your projects.\n- Diameter: 1 1/4\"\n- Length: 1\"\n- Width: 3\"\n- Home Sweet Home\n- I (heart shame) TN\n- I Love this Place\n- Let's Run Away into the Mountains\nPackage contains 7 stickers.\nItem not available in Hobby Lobby Stores.\nCheck your local store for availability.\nWarning: CHOKING HAZARD: Small Parts. Not for children under 3 yrs", "The pace of housing starts unexpectedly fell by 1.6% to an annualized rate of 1.028 million units.\nEconomists were expecting 1.04 million.\nBuilding permits plunged 5.2% to 1.035 million.\n\u201cOverall, this was a disappointing report and it further underscores that the ongoing narrative of the housing sector recovery continuing to struggle", "What style of bathroom is featured in the text segment without that reference to any named experts", "ith the urine on fairly low so it rightful warms you up. Then I use my clastic descent external body part and set it on the massage setting, letting it stimulate me clit. base in the shower I have a shower head that has massage settings on it. and so as I poverty national leader (try and grasp out as long as you can) I increment the urine flow conformity the head perpetually pressed on my clit. Jet spray I have the most sensational climax in the shower.\nIn most parts of the world, female masturbation is a very sacred subject. In Europe, during the 18th and 19th centuries, it was believed that masturbation could justification an enlarged clitoris, \u2018masculinized\u2019 women, and pregnancy without intercourse. It has been shown that these myths are not supported in science", "What types of auto services does Nottingham Automotive provide", "Please fill out the form below to download your resource. You will be able to download the resource immediately upon submitting the form.\nConversations: The Linchpin of Leadership Competencies\nCommunication is a key differenti", "Who has been endorsed to continue as Chairman of the Copa-Cogeca food chain working party", "Who created the graphics for us", "Nottingham Automotive provides excellent service and body work at a fair price!\nOur trained service technicians are skilled at diagnosing and repairing all makes and models of vehicles. From oil changes and brakes to engine and transmission repair, we will take care of all your auto service needs. Plus experience the peace of mind that comes with our 24 month, 24,000 miles nationwide warra", "What recent reprint is discussed as having many features to consider, including the option to recolor or retain original formatting", "found below and the full outtake in our gallery.\n\u2022 We reported earlier Rachel is one of the actresses who was testing for the lead in \u201cThe Silver Linings Playbook\u201d with director David O Russell and starring Mark Wahlberg as male lead. Today Deadline is reporting that actress Jennifer Lawrence is the front runner for the role which means, if the news is true, Rachel will not be in the movie. Keep in mind nothing is confirmed (yet).\nMorning Glory (2010) > Promotional Photoshoot\nRAchel McAdams is too good for Mark Wahlberg.\nRachel Mcadams is so hot and ever since wedding crashers we have loved her soo much. She was one of our first Toxic Babes! check it out http://wp.me/pMU3J-", "What bills did Sen. John Albers sign into law on April 22, 2014, and what are their main focuses", "City of Waukesha debates how to fill top-level jobs\nSome against setting aside money for search firms as part of recruitment policy\nWhat should the process be for hiring a manager within the city of Waukesha?\nIt took more than a year for the city to hire a fire chief after the Common Council was reluctant to give the Police and Fire Commission money for a search firm. And hiring its most recent city administrator also took the city more than a year after a lengthy process that went through two search firms.\nTo find a more efficient process, the city's Human Resources Committee has been looking at creating a policy for when a vacancy of a higher-level position opens.\nIf approved, a minimum amount of $35,000 would be earmarked in the annual operating budget for hiring a search firm. If no positions open, the money would go into the city's general reserve fund.\nToo much time\nThe idea hasn't gone over well with all alderman, causing some frustration for the city's chief administrator, whose own job will be up for grabs following his pending retirement.\n\"This whole business of using recruiting firms to hire management-level positions with the city seems to have taken on a level of controversy that in my mind is unnecessary,\" Henschel said at the July 15 common council meeting. \"This was one attempt to create a policy so we don't have the ongoing debates of should you (hire a search firm), shouldn't you, when should we and all of those issues.\n\"As a result of not having a policy we waited 11 months to start a search for a fire chief, and from a management perspective that was unacceptable.\"\nThe policy applies for the positions of finance director, information technology director, human resources manager, Parks, Recreation and Forestry Department director, community development director, public works director and cemetery manager.\nThe $35,000 is based on conducting two executive searches per year.\n\"A recruitment is an investment the city is making,\" Henschel said. \"When I was doing consulting work I would tell my client you need to look at this as a million dollar investment. You hope you have someone for five to seven years. Seven years is easily a million dollar investment for a management level position in the city of Waukesha.\"\nAgainst the policy\nWhile the policy, which states a recruitment firm will be expected to be used to fill vacancies, has other elements in the hiring process, the hang up for some aldermen was that it would set aside money in the budget for this item.\n\"What is planned here is a tax,\" Alderman Cory Payne said. \"There's other ways to get the money if we needed it. I'd like to see the number of us go door to door when we're campaigning for positions and explain that (the city) might need it so we're just going to tax it and if we don't were just going to spend it somewhere else. To me that doesn't make sense.\"\nAlderw", "What services does Tribe Talent Management provide for models and actors", "What is the main method used to cut the calories in the Boneless Buffalo Chicken Salad recipe compared to the original", "What allows toddlers to engage with the book 'Pat the Bunny' while being read to", "some feedback about the congress at the following address:\nThe survey will be active until 1 November 2017.\nYou still can request presentation certificates as well as invoices. See the following page for details:\nThe registration and payment teams will receive requests and proceed with certificates and invoices until 1 November 2017.\nIFAC2017 General Chair\non behalf of the Organizing Committe", "When and where can you purchase raffle tickets for the Team Spirit Chance Baskets", "e tickets are $20 for 25 tickets, and $50 for 75 tickets. Only checks or credit card payments will be accepted.\nTo be eligible for the raffles, you must engage with a friend who is attending Casino Night and who will you drop your tickets into the baskets and take the baskets home with them on Friday night. All baskets must be taken home Friday night or they will be forfeited.\nThanks again for your support.\nLong Island Aquatic Clu", "What does TD Securities' Millan Mulraine predict about the housing recovery and its impact on the economic recovery", "What is Coach Campbell's outlook on the team's performance despite their loss in the first game of the district season", "What are some of the fashionable items or themes mentioned in the text for girls and home decor", "What are the details of the property located at 5053 Montview in Noblesville", "uction during the November general election.\nCommissioners were expecting to hear an update comparing the prices to build at the three locations from HOK, the architectural firm contracted to design the judicial center. However, HOK did not submit their updated report to the county until about 30 minutes before the meeting started.\nBased on HOK\u2019s report, they estimate it will cost $1.58 million to complete the site work and install sanitary sewer, stormwater and potable water utilities to the downtown Milton site, $2.89 million to the East Milton site and $2.15 million for the U.S. 90 location.\nCommissioners will have a further discussion on the judicial center at their Thursday meeting, which will include a more in-depth look at the true cost for all three possible sites being considered. The commission will also discuss local government infrastructure sales surtax for construction of judicial facility.\nContact Daily News Business Editor Dusty Ricketts at 850-315-4448 or email@example.com. Follow him on Twitter @DustyRnwfdn.", "When using our services, you may be asked to provide personal information. Answering the questions is voluntary. The personal data collected as part of the website are used for the purpose of contract execution and the processing of your requests. Processing and use of your data for purposes of consulting, advertising or market research is only with your express consent. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future.\nBy visiting our website, info", "What insights did Alderwoman Joan Francoeur provide regarding the proposed policy and its financial implications for the city", "What shades does the 'M\u00e9t\u00e9orites Wulong' pressed powder combine to achieve a flawless complexion", "You may have noticed the new logo(if you haven't, refresh/reload the page) This is our final logo design.... It was created by Adrian Wi", "What have been the implications of Iranian influence in Latin America as described in the text", "It is no secret the Iranians are trying to export their own brand of influence across the Middle East. They are supporting the Assad regime in Syria during the bloody civil war there are trying to establish bases near the border with Israel. Tehran and their proxy terrorist group Hezbollah are preparing for their next foray against the Israelis and they\u2019ve been rattling their sabers openly about it.\nIn a report on SOFREP from Travis Allen on July 14, Hezbollah launched 4000 rockets into Israel in the 2006 war. Now after being bled dry in the Syrian civil war, they\u2019re ready for the next battle. The Iranians have built underground bunkers for Hezbollah rocket factories and they\u2019re threatening one of the US\u2019 staunchest allies in the region. But this isn\u2019t the only place the Iranians are peddling their influence. And it is much closer to the US border in Latin America.\nSince the 1980s the Iranians have been steadily building their presence in Latin America from just a handful to 12 diplomatic missions in the region. In 1992 at the Israeli Embassy and again in 1994 at the Jewish Community Centers (AMIA) in Buenos Aires, clear evidence linked Iran and Hezbollah to the bombings of those facilities, yet they were allowed to grow with impunity. The bombing in Buenos Aires killed 89 and wounded 300 in what was the worst terrorist attack in Argentine history.\nIn testimony only months after the attacks, the State Department\u2019s coordinator for counterterrorism expressed concern that Iranian embassies in the region were flooding their missions with far too many \u201cdiplomats\u201d, and it is believed that many of whom were believed to be intelligence agents and/or terrorist operatives.\nIn 2015 chief prosecutor Alberto Nissman who investigated the AMIA bombing died under suspicious circumstances. Nisman, the special prosecutor who had been investigating the AMIA bombing for over a decade, filed a complaint against then Argentine President Cristina Fern\u00e1ndez de Kirchner and some officials in her administration for covering up Iran\u2019s involvement in the attack.\nFour days later, Nisman was found with a bullet in his head. His testimony before the Argentine Congress about the alleged cover-up had been scheduled for the following day.\nIn a 2016 interview, Treasury Department and Hezbollah expert Matthew Levitt who also the Director of the Washington Institute of Counter-Terrorism and Intelligence stated that:\nFBI, CIA, Interpol, and other documents about terrorist activity in Brazil, which warned that Mohsen Rabbani, an Iranian intelligence agent who worked closely with Hezbollah to carry out the 1992 Israeli Embassy and 1994 bombings in Buenos Aires, \u201cfrequently slips in and out of Brazil on a false passport and has recruited at least 24 youngsters in three Brazilian states to attend \u2018religious formation\u2019 classes in Tehran.\u201d In the words of one Brazilian official quoted by the magazine, \u201cWithout anybody noticing, a generation of Islamic extremists is appearing in Brazil.\u201d Hezbollah reportedly has expanded its criminal activities in Brazil as well to include shipping fraud, involving containers that enter Brazil at the port of Sao Paulo and disappear on their way up the river to the Tri-Border Area.\nThe Tri-Border Area is the lawless area of Brazil, Paraguay, and Argentina where drug trafficking and counterfeiting run", "15 February 2018 \u00b7 View Full Size Image \u00b7 Via www.style-n-naina.com\nSpring 2015 trendy casual outfits for girls 3 styleoholic. Casual chic living room decor: rustic storage, colorful. New cottage style, 2nd edition (bet", "feel textures, see themselves in a mirror, play peek-a-boo, smell pretty smells and of course, pat the soft bunny. And the book is just the right size for small hands.\nI also like the positive, supportive tone that the book opens with \"Here are Paul and Judy. They can do lots of things. You can do lots of things, too\". And so do my children with this book! Enjoy!\nIn this beloved classic, Paul and Judy play peek-a-boo, smell flowers, look in the mirror, feel Daddy's scratchy face, and, of course, pat the bunny! All eight activities in this timeless favorite will fascinate your little one.\nFirst published in 1940, Dorothy Kunhardt's pat the bunny has sold over six million copies and is one of the best selling children's books of all time", "What positions are listed in the text segment and which organizations are they associated with", "What should you do to download the resource mentioned in the text", "What did Blessed Karl make a point of doing several times a day in relation to the altar lamp", "News is coming in slowly the past few week(s) since Rachel is done with the promo for \u201cMidnight in Paris\u201d and no official confirmation so far on any possible projects. We do however have some latest news bits for you.\n\u2022 We came across a brand new on set photo from \u201cThe Vow\u201d. (via Fanforum) Rachel\u2019s co-star Dillon Casey posted it on his official twitter account. Rachel is posing with her co-stars Channing Tatum, Sam Neill, Dillon Casey and Jessica McNamee. You can find the preview below and be sure to watch it in our gallery.\n\u2022 We also came across a brand new outtake from Rachel\u2019s promotional shoot for \u201cMorning Glory\u201d. She looks absolutely stunning, again the preview can be", "Wow. Last week was such a wasteland. And not a good wasteland, like Fallout 3 (where I never could stop KILLING people). Just barren. This week is just a bit better\u2013 with at least a few great books to talk about\u2026 Even if the rest is mostly fodder for the recycling bin. (Please note I wrote \u201cmostly\u201d in that last sentence\u2026 In case you think I am painting all the rest of the books on this week\u2019s list with that broad paint brush.)\nHere\u2019s a question for you all: When you see a large amount of older material being reprinted (like this week)\u2026 Would you rather see those books recolored by a fabulous new colorist using the latest techniques\u2026 Or have it appear in the original format on thick, bright paper (which makes the original coloring look like it were printed on an old dot matrix printer)? I know the coloring has already been redone on several books (Absolute Sandman, the Walter Simonson\u2019s Thor Omnibus, Thor: Tales of Asgard and Claremont & Lee\u2019s X-men, to name a few).\nI\u2019m not saying we should do away with the originals or stop reprinting them faithfully\u2026 Nor am I advocating that someone come in a paint over the line work and muddle the art. I\u2019m just wondering if these classics should be reprinted both ways. I, for one, would pay good money to see a master colorist like Dave Stewart faithfully recolor John Romita Sr\u2019s Amazing Spider-man run. Hell, given my love for those issues, I would most likely buy both versions.\nI know this is going to be a fairly controversial choice. But I don\u2019t care. Maybe I\u2019m way too much of a fanboy to be objective about Joss Whedon\u2019s work. I can accept that. I can even live with it.\nMy inner critic wants to scream that the book is muddled in several parts\u2013 as Joss and Brian K. Vaughn often went way too far with their \u201cunlimited\u201d comic book budget to do whatever\u2013 and take Buffy wherever\u2013 Joss wanted them to.\nThe naked lovemaking scene (in the air! usually) between Buffy & Angel (that lasted for a good part of Issue #34) is a classic bit of ballsy comic book making for me\u2026 And isn\u2019t even in this hardcover (which only reprints the first two story arcs). Still I loved far more parts of the comics (that actually appear in this collection) than I disliked\u2026 Which is better than 70% of the comics I read nowadays.\nEven though I own all the trades, there is NO WAY I could resist this bigger format hardcover. So I bought it. The one thing I definitely won\u2019t miss about the Dark Horse trades\u2026 They used a weird gloss on the softcovers\u2013 so no matter how many times I washed my hands before reading them, the covers always showed tons of fingerprints after I finished\u2026 Requiring me getting a soft cloth to wipe them down to erase my tracks. (Which is really weird since it\u2019s not like I eat a big bucket of fried chicken before I start reading my comics.)\nI haven\u2019t graduated to the Nerdvana Quirk of wearing white gloves when I read a book (and I never will)\u2013 so I\u2019m happy the fingerprint problem will be erased when I reread this Hardcover.\n27 Vol 2\nAbsolute Batman Dark Victory HC \u2013 Own the Trade\nAdventures into the the Unknown Archives Vol 1 HC\nAdventures of Dog Mendonca Pizzaboy\nAmazing Spider-Man Young Readers Vol 1\nAndrew Loomis Successful Drawing HC\nArtifacts Origins First Born \u2013 Own the Trades\nAvengers Many Faces Of Henry Pym \u2013 Hero, Scientist, Wife-Beater\u2026 No Thanks\nBatman Knightfall Vol 2 Knightquest (New Edition)\nBest of Sonic the Hedgehog HC\nBuffy the Vampire Slayer Season 8 Library Vol 1 HC - HOT Pick of the", "Why is regulation at the EU level considered crucial for the food supply chain", "What materials did the author include in their journal pack for quilting inspiration", "What type of fragrance is described in the text, and when is it considered best to wear", "What are the featured materials and design elements of the black-metal powder compact described in the text", "What are the three possible locations being considered for the new judicial center in Santa Rosa County", "What issues did the scientific team encounter with selecting the volunteer for the procedure", "mments, I changed the wing sauce amount in the nutrition calculator to be 1 serving (1 Tbsp.) instead of the 8 that I had originally to match the ingredients list (the amount of sauce used is not equal to the amount you consume). It's still higher in sodium than I'd like, but I think the recipe is a good first cut. I'll keep tinkering with it.Submitted by: JASONIOUS", "Pat the Bunny\nBy: Dorothy Kunhardt\nOrder This Book - paperback\nOrder This Book - hardcover book with plush bunny\nOrder This Book - board book in a boxed gift set\nPat the Bunny is one of those classic books that every parent should have for their toddler. You probably had it as a child, and perhaps your parents did as well. This spring the book celebrates its 60th anniversary.\nOur household is now on its second copy of Pat the Bunny. Our oldest child 'wore out' our first copy of the book and now we have another for our toddler. The first copy literally wore out from too much toddler enthusiasm.\nIt's a wonderful book for toddlers because they can \"explore\" and use their senses as they are being read to about what they are doing - they can", "Tips for Getting Cooperation From Opposite Personalities in the Workplace\nWhen running a business you will ideally be working with complementary personalities, and during the hiring process you can screen for qualities like attitude and fit within your organization. Even so, you still might wind up with two equally effective employees with personalities that don\u2019t mesh very well. The ability of your business to function smoothly is contingent on employee cooperation, and when you need something to get done and must rely on your business\u2019s version of the odd couple to take care of it, some management finesse may be in order. In general it is better to create a framework of cooperation that can help you avoid employee disputes, since taking the time to resolve an open conflict can be a serious time-sink.\nClearly delegate responsibility and stay open to communications. People will often begin to squabble when there is a lack of clarity surrounding what they are working on, which is why goal setting followed up by open communications is the key to getting two very different people to mesh well together. Being open to clarifying questions can help avoid them escalating into a problem should the employees you manage begin to fight about it, and serves as a method of preventing things from getting out of hand or not getting done. Accountability is the major trait that you should be trying to instill, since accountable employees work better and require less hands on management.\nPlay to the strengths of your team members. As", "information about us\n- Contact information for our offices and our staff\n- Some information about QuickBooks\u00ae, which our office uses most often for our bookkeeping and accounting services\n- Several important links to have handy for tax and accounting purposes\n- Past issues of our newsletters, loaded with information about tax and other financial concerns\nTribble & Ayala, Certified Public Accountants\nAngels Camp Office:\n(209) 736-4631, 571 Stanislaus Ave., Suite A, PO Box 400, Angels Camp CA 95222\n(209) 795-2311, 2686 McKenzie Ave., PO Box 1020, Arnold CA 95223\nQuickBooks\u00ae and QuickBooks ProAdvisor\u00ae are registered trademarks\nand/or registered service marks of Intuit Inc.", "What payment methods are accepted for purchasing raffle tickets", "Lisa Meulbroek,\npriced at $399,900. The property at 5053 Montview has 4 bedrooms, 4 baths and was built in 2016. 5053 Montview is in Noblesville and in the ZIP code of 46062.", "What types of professional services does Tribble & Ayala offer to individuals and businesses", "What date is the deadline for submitting requests for presentation certificates and invoices following the congress", "What is the purpose of Senate Bill 358", "oman Kathleen Cummings said she also sees it as a tax and that the city should use the money if needed from the contingency fund.\n\"I believe there is already a mechanism in play to provide those opportunities and we don't have to do it twice,\" Cummings said.\nSeeing the benefits\nAlderwoman Joan Francoeur said the Human Resources Committee looked at different approaches but found the proposed policy to be in the best interest of the city.\n\"The amount that it stands for isn't even a penny when we look at our tax rate,\" Francoeur said.\nAlderman Joe Pieper added that providing a clear policy for the city is a wise move.\n\"There's much more to the policy than the dollar amount in it,\" Pieper said. \"When you don't have a policy in place, when you don't have a road map for your city staff, time is wasted. I'm a big believer in opportunity cost. What is having an open position truly costing the city? What this policy does is (remove) a lot of needless steps.\"\nAfter a long debate, Mayor Shawn Reilly, who said in a memo that \"filling a department head position has often become a time-consuming and inefficient process,\" broke a tie to put the item on hold until more council members are in attendance. One-third of the council was missing from the meeting.\nTwo of the seven director/manager positions to which this policy would apply are currently vacant.\nCommunity Development Director Steve Crandell recently retired \u2014 a position that Henschel said is about \"two weeks behind in the interview process.\" Henschel, nonetheless, said he has narrowed the field of candidates to four and was planning on interviewing three of the finalists this week.\nCemetery Manager Dave Brenner also recently retired.\nHenschel is also retiring at the end of the year but gave the city six months to find his replacement.\nThe council last week approved spending $18,500 on hiring the recruitment firm GovHR USA to conduct the search in finding Henschel's replacement.\nGovHR USA, which consists of Voorhees Associates and GovTemps USA, is a Northbrook, Ill.-recruitment firm. Voorhees Associates was the firm that helped the city select Henschel two years ago.\nYour link to the biggest stories in the suburbs delivered Thursday mornings.\nEnter your e-mail address above and click \"Sign Up Now!\" to begin receiving your e-mail newsletter Get the Newsletter!\n- Former Waukesha County Health and Human Services building has new life\n- Shared employee health clinic opening next week in Waukesha\n- Funeral Services: Oct. 30, 2014\n- Student Notes: Oct. 30, 2014\n- On the Move: Oct. 30, 2014\n- Man robs victim of iPhone near Waukesha's Fox River Trail\n- Waukesha woman allegedly abused, insulted her disabled mother\n- Downtown Waukesha holiday lights project comes up short in fundraising efforts\n- Big lines expected at the polls in Waukesha\n- Two doctors have differing views on Anissa Weier's competenc", "What is the warning mentioned regarding the stickers in the package", "What was the annualized rate of housing starts according to the recent report", "Tennessee Icons 3D Stickers\n- Collection: La Petites\n- Brand: the Paper Studio\nDocument your travels, embellish your travel plans, decorate your scrapbooks, and more with clever and unique stickers! Tennessee Icons 3D Stickers are perfect for all your paper crafting needs. Featuring a variety of place markers and phrases, as well as the shape of the state, these stickers"]}