{"q_indices": [67, 55, 5, 9, 0, 100, 41, 106, 90, 21, 108, 34, 61, 37, 73, 59, 112, 54, 19, 50, 105, 103, 107, 27, 109, 14, 44, 42, 82, 13, 77, 120, 92, 70, 23, 48, 94, 74, 117, 15, 11, 125, 39, 22, 53, 124, 47, 28, 60, 116, 81, 86, 16, 65, 115, 72, 40, 127, 46, 36, 101, 99, 80, 12], "a_indices": [79, 20, 31, 51, 8, 98, 26, 24, 2, 4, 58, 84, 93, 25, 32, 3, 121, 119, 123, 33, 30, 64, 96, 56, 68, 29, 110, 71, 95, 122, 43, 88, 1, 126, 45, 89, 102, 114, 10, 66, 18, 62, 35, 52, 83, 38, 111, 113, 17, 69, 63, 91, 49, 76, 97, 75, 87, 118, 7, 57, 78, 85, 104, 6], "texts": ["What is the newest Internet danger mentioned in The New York Times that affects people's shopping habits", "Candidates' positions are categorized as Pro (Yes), Con (No), Not Clearly Pro or Con, or None Found. Candidates who have changed their positions are listed as Now their most recent position. Candidates are listed by party and in alphabetical order by last name. Black & white photos indicate candidates who have withdrawn or who no longer meet our criteria for inclusion.\nShould genetically modified foods have mandatory labeling?\nGary Johnson, former Governor of New Mexico, issued the following statement through his Communications Director, Joe Hunter, in a July 9, 2012 email to ProCon.org:\n\"While I generally resist the idea of government mandates, public safety is a legitimate government function. For many people, certain food ingredients can do serious harm, and knowing what is in food is absolutely essential. For example, I have celiac disease, and absent adequate labeling, I cannot risk eating foods that may have gluten. For millions of Americans in similar situations, knowing what we are eating is not a matter of preference or convenience; rather, it is an issue of basic safety.\" July 9, 2012 Gary Johnson\nBarack Obama, 44th President of the United States, made the following statement on Nov. 10, 2007, during the 2007 Food and Family Farm Presidential Summit in Des Moines, IA, hosted by the Iowa Farmers Union, available at www.fooddemocracynow.org:\n\"Here is what I will do as president... we will let folks know whether their food has been genetically modified because Americans should know what they are buying.\" Nov. 10, 2007 Barack Obama\n[Editor's Note: In 2009 President Obama appointed Michael Taylor as Senior Advisor to the Commissioner of the US Food and Drug Administration. Michael Taylor had formerly served as the Vice President for Public Policy at Monsanto from 1998 to 2001. Mons", "This week we\u2019re featuring the Delaware hard rock band Awake At Last in Meet The Band. Their full-length debut album is The Change. Vocalist Vincent Torres introduces us to his band.\nChad Bowar: Give us a brief history of Awake At Last.\nVincent Torres: Awake At Last was formed in 2011 by Eric Blackway and I. We had played in different bands within the scene and we eventually began taking it really seriously once we got a solid lineup. We\u2019ve always stood for positivity and overcoming obstacles like mental health, and chasing dreams no matter the cost. We\u2019ve been a touring act for about four and a half years, and it\u2019s been an absolute blast so far.\nDescribe the songwriting process for The Change.\nThe Change was really interesting because it was our first time going into a studio with song writers and producers that really got involved with the music. We recorded the record in Greensboro, N.C. with Kile Odell and Josh Landry. There was some push and pull during the song writing process, but I think all the compromises we made ended up creating an amazing album and we are very proud of it and can\u2019t wait for people to hear it.\nWhat will be your strongest memory of the recording of the album?\nI\u2019d have to say my favorite part was hearing everything all the way through for the first time. It\u2019s a concept record, so it was awesome to see the story fully unfold. Although there were moments where it was a bummer because we were in a business park part of town and living out of our bus at the time. We didn\u2019t have all the basic necessities of life.\nHow would you characterize its style/sound?\nWe\u2019ve always strived to create an original theatrical sound with our music. We use heavy instrumentation and huge drums to kind of represent the struggles we sing about and we try to have the vocals soar over everything to provide the healing hand on the souls of our listeners to continue to endure and move forward.\nWhat lyrical subjects do you cover?\nAwake At Last has always written about life cycles, and the human consciousness and how that has changed throughout the years as we\u2019ve been progressing. All of the EPs are connected to each other and each represents a different era in my life and the lessons I learned as they happened. We cover everything from mental health awareness to heartbreak and enduring the storm when life decides to change up on you. We have always stood for positivity, and even slide in little hints towards the law of attraction and making the change in your life to change your circumstances and find something more fulfilling for the soul.\nHow did you come to sign with Outerloop Records?\nSigning with Outerloop was a bit of a surprise. We had crossed paths a few times during our career and eventually we were able to really sell them on the vision of what we wanted to accomplish and they were great in helping us execute it and setting us up with great producers to work with.\nWhat are your goals and expectations for the album?\nI think like many bands the main thing we want for this album is to really touch the hearts of our listeners and our fans, and be able to tour full time and become financially independent as a result. Most of all though I hope that the album becomes that voice in the back of our fans minds that urges them to pick up that paint brush, or finish that song they\u2019ve been working on, or quit that job that\u2019s been making them miserable. I really hope it resonates.\nWhat has been your most memorable Awake At Last live show?\nThere have been some amazing shows we\u2019ve played and it\u2019s really hard to just pinpoint it down to one, but I think that when we played a sold out show opening up for Asking Alexandria that was a huge moment. There was a big festival we were on that got cancelled and the opportunity popped up to play for those fans anyway and it was one of the greatest shows w", "best line breaker in this country. He just needs experience playing in the midfield ? probably at 13.\u201d\nQuotes Daddy offers a number of tools for developers and bloggers to integrate quotes into their site including customizable widgets, embeddable quotes and API.\nOver 1,000,000 famous quotes and user quotes that you can save to your favorites, share with friends and add to your site, blog or social network", "e ever played.\nWhat are your upcoming show/tour plans?\nWe are very busy with our tour schedule lately. As of right now I think we\u2019re out on tour until well into late August early September, with even more opportunities opening up. The next tour we are on following the Lost Along The Way tour is with our friends Eyes Set To Kill and we\u2019re very excited to continue progressing forward.\nHow did you get started in music?\nMusic was the first thing I did that was truly me. I was bullied heavily in high school, and I always tried to do what I thought people would accept. I struggled making friends and it wasn\u2019t until I shrugged all of that off and finally decided to pursue music that I had made that change in my life. Once you make that choice and you move forward you start to find the people who really matter and I just haven\u2019t stopped ever since.\nWho were your early influences and inspirations?\nI was always really into bands like AFI or My Chemical Romance, but I was also raised with bands like Journey, Santana, and I love the band Muse. Once I went to my first concert I knew it was what I wanted to do and I haven\u2019t looked back since.\nWhat was the first rock/metal concert you attended?\nThe first major concert I attended was called the Taste Of Chaos tour. It was in a huge stadium and all my favorite bands at the time seemed to be playing. I was way in the back in the seats but that didn\u2019t diminish the experience for me at all. I was so inspired that it was at that moment I hit up my best friend Eric and told him I wanted to take it really seriously and pursue it as a career.\nWhat\u2019s the best concert you\u2019ve been to?\nI\u2019m a huge fan of the band Nothing More and I loved seeing them and playing a few shows with them. Their performance was epic and I would say they were one of the tightest bands I\u2019ve seen.\nHow\u2019s the heavy music scene in Delaware?\nUnfortunately there isn\u2019t much of a hard rock scene in Delaware. A lot of venues are shutting down and it doesn\u2019t seem to be improving much. I always joke that we are performing CPR on the music scene in Delaware for original music because it seems like it\u2019s mostly just beach bands and cover acts that dominate the scene and see any income from it. That being said, our fans in Delaware are amazing and they carry the torch for us just like we do for them.\nWhat was the last thing you binge-watched?\nThe last series I watched to its conclusion was Sabrina the Teenage Witch on Netflix. I dug the kinda darker Harry Potter vibe to it, but I haven\u2019t had much time to watch much of anything lately because we\u2019re on the road pretty frequently.\nWhat\u2019s currently in your heavy musical rotation?\nI listen to a lot of Nothing More. I enjoy bands like Ice Nine Kills and DED as well. Although I must admit because i\u2019m so active in the music scene I don\u2019t listen to too many bands usually because I try not to be subconsciously influenced by them. I do love a good rock band when the mood strikes and It\u2019s fun when I discover new ones that kick some ass.\nAnything else you\u2019d like to mention or promote?\nI\u2019d just like to mention that our debut full length record The Change came out on June 21st and is currently available on all major music platforms. This is the first full length record of our career and we are pushing it as hard as we can because in order to keep doing this we need it to do well. I hope the listeners find strength in the words and get something fulfilling when they listen to it. I\u2019m also so thankful for our fans who have continued to help us chase our dreams. There\u2019s no better time to join The Awakened and get involved with us because we plan on taking this as far as we possibly can and we want to take our core fans with us. Thank you so much for the opportunity to do this interview.\n(interview published June 22, 2019)\nWatch Awake At Last \u2013 \u201cMore Than Animals\u201d Vide", "What issue did the girls encounter while trying to travel to Nassau from Staniel Cay", "youths in Nigeria and in those 13 years, we have achieved a lot.\nThis year we are focusing on issues affecting the youths in the area if education and ICT. We have lots of activities lined up, such as ICT training sessions, set-up of e-libraries in secondary schools, a hackathon competition. Also, we will be focusing on Mental Health Awareness as we bring attention to issues around mental health\nMaking a difference is part of our culture, its who we are and what we do. We are MTN", "We have a Local Delivery option for select areas of the Greater Toronto Area. If your address qualifies, you will be shown the option at checkout. The fee is $5.00\nWe now offer a Free Pickup Option - This is a great option for our customers in the Greater Toronto Area. Select this option at checkout. You will receive a notification and pickup address once your order is ready. Please note our pickup location is in the DON VALLEY PARKWAY AND EGLINTON AREA, TORONTO, ONTARIO, CANADA.\nPlease be sure to only select PICKUP if you can pick up your order. If you select in error or would like to change to your order being shipped, we will invoice you the shipping amount for your location. This amount must be paid BEFORE your order will be sent out.\nWe do not offer refunds or free shipping to customers who select pickup by accident and cannot cover their shipping cost. Please reach out to us before confirming your order if you have any questions.\nIt is the customers responsibility to ensure the name and address for the order is correct. If you notice a mistake in your address please notify us immediately. Please be sure to include a buzzer number if necessary.\nShipping is calculated at checkout and varies depending on your location.\nWe offer FREE SHIPPING on Canadian orders of $200 or more.\nWe currently ship with Canada Post. Each item will come with a tracking number. You will be notified by email when your order is sent out. You may track your package via the Canada Post website.\nWe do not ship Saturdays, Sundays or Holidays.\nInternational Shipping is calculated at check out.\nPlease be aware that we are not liable for customs clearance fees in your country, nor are we responsible for holding times of packages by customs.\nThe prices on our online store do not include relevant duties and other customs charges you may incur when purchasing and importing to your country.\nThese costs are determined by your local customs office and are outside of our control. We recommend you familiarize yourself with your country's customs charges and levies prior to placing an order. You can use dutycalculator.com to help.\nWe are not responsible if customers are not notified by their country's postal authority that items are awa", "Another classic \"trend\" piece from The New York Times looks at the newest Internet danger entering our homes and threatening our livelihoods \u2014 shopping online while drunk.\nAs anyone who has ever walked into a 7-11 after midnight could tell you, sales resistance is considerably lower when someone has been drinking. The lack of inhibition and impaired judgement created by alcohol also leads people to push buttons on their phone or computer that they really shouldn't be pushing. Add in one-click shopping (which doesn't require physically opening a wallet or counting crumpled, beer-soaked bills) and you end up with a $3 pair of sunglasses that cost $17 dollars to ship.\nFeaturing the always popular phrase \"reliable data is hard to come by,\" the story has plenty of amu", "What event caused Robert's associate to prefer sleeping in a bed in Burlington rather than at the airport", "Football has come a long way from the kickabouts where it started. It has grown into a multibillion-pound industry watched by millions around the world. Not bad for a game that just involved people kicking a pig\u2019s bladder about a field or street. As the game developed there was soon a need to step up the organization and the first clubs started to emerge. You can bet these football pioneers would have jumped at the chance of some Football Training drill Videos not they had the internet in the nineteenth century.\nAnd it is to the eighteen hundreds that we have to go to find not only England\u2019s oldest club but the worlds. It is Notts County who hold the honor of being the very first football club. Playing in black and white Stripes, as they still do today they earned the nickname the Magpies but they are more commonly just known as Notts or Pies. They began in 1862 and have experienced pretty much all it is to be a football club from being in all four divisions to winning the FA Cup at least once. They have been up and down the leagues plus even out of it and suffered financial hardships on several occasions. Amazingly they have survived even providing the kit colors for a team that has had a bit more success Juventus.\nFollowing closely behind is the Stoke Ramblers, or Stoke City as they became, bei", "How old is Sir Robin Knox-Johnston and what notable achievements does he hold in sailing", "What specific issues is the organization focusing on this year concerning Nigerian youths", "What precautions should you take when accessing the quarry areas", "What does 2 Corinthians 1:3-4 teach about God's response to affliction and our obligation to others", "What major accomplishments have Nottingham Forest achieved throughout their history", "What are the characteristics of the 45 Colt cartridge mentioned in the text", "Last In, First Out: How to Prioritize Your Boxes when Moving to Little Rock01/14/2018When you're relocating, amidst the boxing, organizing and planning to get to your landing-place, few people take a moment to ponder about how you will unpack once you get there. However, standing in your new home hauling boxes out of the truck, there are a several items you will want ready right away as opposed to everything else that could wait several days. It is important to be prepared for your first few hours, night and week in the house and what you'll require to be able to readily unpack at each stage for the most effortless and enjoyable move possible. Here at A-1 Freeman Moving, we have aided thousands of people move and can suggest some helpful tips on how to pack up your things in order so that unpacking is a breeze. Last In, First Out When packing a single box or the whole moving truck, it helps to keep in mind a simple ground rule known as FILO or \"First In, Last Out\". What this suggests is that the first thing you pack will have lots of other items heaped on top of it and will, therefore, be one of the last things you unpack. The first thing in a box will always be at the bottom and the first box into the moving truck will be in back of everything else. However, the better way to think of this in terms of your experience is \"Last In, First Out\" meaning that the things you pack last will be what you can access as soon as you get to your destination. Smart Packing Strategy in Little Rock When packing your entire house, it is not difficult to simply pack everything indiscriminately into boxes based more on where it is located in your house than whether or not you will need it. Instead, start by making a list of the items you will need when you are at your new abode, on the first day and over the first night. Remember that you'll probably be at the end of a long road or plane trip. If you don't check into a hotel for the first few nights, it is vital to have a few things readily available. Personal Items In the course of the first day at y", "Sir Robin Knox-Johnston, 75, has departed Portsmouth, UK on his Open 60 Grey Power ahead of the start of French classic race the Route du Rhum \u2013 Destination Guadeloupe.\nIt will be the second time the British founder of the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race and first ever man to sail solo, non-stop around the world in 1968/69, has competed in the 3,500 mile Transatlantic contest. The Clipper Race team waved off the legendary yachtsman from on board a Clipper 70.\nAfter enjoying sailing with Clipper Race crew in the 2013 Rolex Sydney Hobart Yacht Race which formed part of the circumnavigation, Knox-Johnston decided to return to competitive solo racing.\nKnox-Johnston will be the oldest competing sailor at the St Malo start line on 2 November. He will be racing in the same boat he sailed round the world in during the 2006/7 Velux Five Oceans Race aged 68.\n\u201cI am fit, I feel very strong and I am eager to get out there,\u201d said Knox-Johnston.\n\u201cAge has nothing to do with it. I am fitter than most. I have work", "How does Astute Licensing benefit enterprises in managing software purchases and deployment", "we will pay 40-60% of what we have deemed to be the fair market value of your products. Every product is unique and in some circumstances, the value will fluctuate based on supply, demand, condition, currency of the product in question and other market factors.\nHOW DOES DrummerSuperStore\u00ae PAY?\nDrummerSuperStore\u00ae pays you on the spot, typically in the form of an official company check. Please bring a valid driver\u2019s license or government issued identification card as required by state laws. You must be 18 years old and the legal owner of the product to sell to DrummerSuperStore\u00ae. Proof of ownership may be requested during the buy transaction", "What is the title of the debut full-length record released by the band", "What must Nora and the Community confront in order to have hope for survival", "What topics are mentioned as part of the monthly archives in October 2018 for the podcast or e-book", "ional envelope will be considered. As in previous competitions, CFI awards will be available to fund infrastructure and equipment (capital expenses only) and will provide up to 40% of the total project cost. We also anticipate that the Ministry of Research and Innovation\u2019s Ontario Research Fund (ORF) will fund an additional 40% with the remaining 20% of the funding to be provided by eligible funding partners (for example, in-kind contributions in the form of special discounts from equipment suppliers on infrastructure items beyond the best educational price).\nExpressions of Interest submitted should be no more than two pages, including the budget estimate, and must include the following information:\n1. Name of Principal Applicant, Co-applicants (and their academic institutions) and potential external partners.\n2. Project Title.\n3. General Objectives \u2013 Describe how your proposed project meets the requirements and vision of the CFI 2015 IF call for proposals.\n4. A brief description of the proposed research project.\n5. A budget estimate and list of potential equipment.\n6. How the proposed research project fits with the research priority areas outlined in the Lakehead University Academic/Research Plan.\nResearchers are reminded that the proposed CFI IF project should meet the following CFI criteria:\n\u2022 Institutional track record and commitment: The proposal builds on existing capacity and key investments in people and infrastructure. Through tangible commitments, the institution supports the area of the proposal in order to maintain or gain a competitive advantage internationally.\n\u2022 Research or technology development: The proposed research or technology development activities enabled by the research infrastructure are timely, innovative and at the leading edge internationally. The activities have the potential to lead to breakthroughs and will enhance the international competitiveness of the institution and its researchers.\n\u2022 Team: The principal users of the infrastructure are established or emerging leaders in the relevant research or technology development domains. The team has the necessary expertise, ability and relevant collaborations and partnerships in place to successfully conduct the research or technology development activities.\n\u2022 Infrastructure: The infrastructure is necessary and appropriate to conduct the research or technology development activities. The use of the infrastructure will be maximized within and among institutions and sectors (private, public and non-profit).\n\u2022 Sustainability of the research infrastructure: The proposal presents a compelling plan for the management, operation and maintenance of the proposed infrastructure with tangible and appropriate commitments over its useful life.\n\u2022 Benefits to Canadians: The research or technology development activities are likely to lead to significant tangible benefits for society, health, the economy and/or the environment. Where appropriate, effective pathways have been identified and will be developed to transfer the results and outputs of the research or technology development to potential end-users in a timely manner.\nShould you have any questions regarding the CFI IF competition or internal CFI planning process, please contact Anne Klymenko at ext. 8223 or via email: Anne.Klymenko@lakeheadu.ca.\nDr. Umed Panu,\nAssociate Vice-President (Research, Economic Development and Innovation", "been doing it and now tonight Sam did it and that's the difference for us, those kids have to be able to come in and contribute. Tonight Kate (Thompson) and Sam came off the bench and contributed and that is part of who we are. You have to have everyone who comes in the game contribute, and I thought Sam did a good job tonight.\"\nOn Nya Jordan's increased playing time ... \"This is the kind of game that is very physical and fast paced, where you've got to make decisions in a hurry. It's a Big Ten game and I just felt that Nya was a player that we needed to insert because she would be able to handle the tempo of the game. There are things in this game that you really can't teach. Experience does a whole lot for you.\"\nOn concern from having lost the Michigan State game ... \"We never looked back and talked about Michigan State, we just immediately got to work on Ohio State. When we go to practice on Monday, we won't talk about this game; we will work on Penn State. We have to focus on the next game, regardless of what happened in the prior one. We will enjoy this now; it's going to be a pleasant evening for us with our gala and all of our alumni in town. The game was exciting for our fans and we had a great crowd cheering us on. We will enjoy tonight, but then when Monday comes we will have to get back to work and prepare for Penn State.\"\nSign up for Michigan Insider to be the first to learn about 2015-16 Michigan women's basketball ticket opportunities", "Internal Planning Process for Upcoming CFI IF Call for Proposals\n- CFI IF Expressions of Interest are due to the ORS by January 31, 2014.\n- To access the official CFI call (which includes the CFI's timelines), click here.\nThe Canada Foundation for Innovation (CFI) will soon be issuing a call for large research infrastructure projects under the 2015 Innovation Fund. The objectives of the 2015 Innovation Fund (IF) are to enable institutions and their best researchers to:\n\u2022 Strive for global leadership by conducting world-class transformative research and technology development in areas of institutional strategic priority;\n\u2022 Forge and foster productive, value-added partnerships within and among institutions, sectors and disciplines that will nurture creativity and innovation resulting in an effective and sustainable use of the research infrastructure and facilities;\n\u2022 Identify and develop plans and potential pathways to social, health, environmental and economic benefits for Canada, including better training and improved skills for highly qualified personnel.\nThe Office of Research Services in collaboration with the Faculty Deans would like to invite all faculty members and research centres to submit CFI IF Expressions of Interest with infrastructure project proposals that would be competitive under the IF. At this time, the proposals will not be evaluated but will be used to seek opportunities for collaboration among researchers, other academic institutions and partners. Once the CFI issues a formal call for proposals (Notice of Intent (NOI) to apply), the VP (REDI) then will formally issue an internal call for NOIs.\nThe CFI\u2019s Challenge to Institutions\nIt is important to note that for this competition (to access the CFI call, click here), the CFI will be challenging institutions to propose transformative infrastructure projects that will underpin cutting-edge research and will have a structural effect on Canada\u2019s research landscape. As well, the CFI expects that projects funded through the 2015 IF competition will support promising and innovative directions in research or technology development in areas where Canada currently is, or has the potential to be, competitive on the global stage. The CFI has indicated that it will support initiatives that allow institutions and their researchers to build on and enhance an emerging strategic priority area, accelerate current research and technology development work or take established capabilities to a globally competitive level.\nUnder the 2015 IF competition, the CFI is encouraging institutions to submit proposals for which there is a proven record of, or a strong potential for, excellence and commitment. Institutions are also being encouraged to consider how their proposals can be made more competitive through collaboration with appropriate partners and to plan co-operatively to acquire, develop and maintain infrastructure. Finally, in developing proposals, institutions are encouraged to engage with end-users of research or technology development to clearly define the potential benefits for Canadians.\nFor purposes of the 2015 IF competition, the CFI has placed a limit on the total value of funding that an eligible institution can request from this fund. Lakehead University\u2019s institutional envelope is $2,150,000 (representing CFI\u2019s 40% of project costs). No application that exceeds Lakehead\u2019s CFI institut", "What events preceded John Montgomery's return to Canada in 1843", "What is the main issue described in the text related to the hosting of games on Xbox Live for Track and Field", "en and our flesh just longs to assign blame. Instead of assigning blame, these verses in 2 Corinthians offer a better response:\nBlessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies and God of all comfort, who comforts us in all our affliction, so that we may be able to comfort those who are in any affliction, with the comfort with which we ourselves are comforted by God. 2 Corinthians 1:3-4 ESV\nAgain, God doesn\u2019t promise freedom from affliction but comfort in affliction. And in return, He asks that we return the favor when we see others experiencing the same. I love the consistency in scripture. God helps us and then asks that we help others. In a holiday season full of heartache and affliction, it\u2019s a great reminder to provide \u201ccomfort and joy\u201d to those who need it most", "Thursday Troubleshooter: Last minute changes to schedule drive dental staff crazy\nThis dental office staff is tired of their work hours being changed on a whim, even if they do get longer lunches as \"repayment.\" This messes with their personal schedules, and they want to see it stop.\nNearly everyone has problems and concerns on the job, and sometimes you're just too close to a situation to solve something yourself. Share your concerns with Team Troubleshooter, and the experts will examine the issues and provide guidance. Send questions to email@example.com.\nQUESTION: In the office where I work the front office staff gets called in early for meetings and then are given extended lunches to compensate. Lunches vary by staff member. Some get 90 minutes or two hours, while others get only a one-hour lunch. Our work schedules are constantly changed on a whim. Is this legal or common practice? (The practice is in California.)\nANSWER FROM LAURA HATCH, founder of Front Office Rocks:\nThere are state laws that the practice needs to follow, so you should definitely seek advice from a human resources professional or lawyer to answer the legal perspective of this issue. (See answer from Rebecca Boartfield below.)\nThat being said, I think it is important to have a discussion with the doctor or office manager about the inconvenience of the last-minute changes to the schedules. I think that it needs to be explained to them that employees have personal lives that should be considered when they make changes, such as day care, outside interests, spouses, and more. When things are changed last minute or employees are told to come in early and then take longer lunches, this causes a lot of stress on their personal lives.\nThough staff might \"technically\u201d still be working the same number of hours by taking longer lunches, this cuts into times in the morning or evening when they should be able to spend time with loved", "ANCHORED OFF WILLIAMS CAY\nSUNRISE IN THE EXUMAS: 6: 48 AM\nSUNSET IN THE EXUMAS: 5:30 PM\nSo it was back to the little Staniel Cay airport this morning for a little mass confusion. Seems two of the girls that expected to travel to Nassau had tickets for January 2 and both of the Flamingo airplanes were full. No problem, they hitched a ride on a private plane that was taking off. It\u2019s all good! I am happy to report that Robert and Steffi made it all the way back to New York City\u2019s JFK without a hitch. Steffi ran into a hitch there because all the flights to London were overbooked (remember she travels standby", "Graham Henry is a New Zealand Rugby Union coach, and head coach of the country's national team, the All Blacks.\nMore on Wikipedia\u2026\n(42 quotes found)\n\u201cIt was true that I was keen for him to stay. However I have spoken to him three or four times in Japan. I did not twist his arm to come back. He wants to play for the All Blacks.\u201d\n\u201cHe's explosive, he's big, he's got presence on the field, and he's probably the", "f savings for organisations around the world \u2013 not to mention a coveted award for innovation in IT asset management.\nAstute License Demand Management (AstuteLDM) eliminates licencing risk at the source, so you can take effective action earlier in the software life-cycle \u2013 not when a software audit and expensive true-up brings it to your attention. And use a well-defined software workflow to consolidate your requirements and make smarter decisions about purchasing.", "What is the individual sale process planned for keyless padlocks", "The Community by Heidi Visser\nHow much control is too much?\nIt\u2019s the question Nora must ask herself after illegally becoming pregnant. It\u2019s not as if she planned it. In fact, the very opposite \u2013 she received drugs to prevent it, just like every other baby in the Community. Extra children equal extra food rations, an impossibility for a society that controls every last resource.\nShe is on the cusp of having it all: perfect job, perfect fianc\u00e9, perfect wedding vaulting her from a Level Four to the uber-wealthy Level Six. Now this baby, an", "What should I do if my package has not been delivered even though it shows as 'out for delivery'", "Who were the players that contributed by coming off the bench in the game discussed", "der Initiative Network, or SBInet, was abandoned in January 2011 after five years and a cost of $1 billion, because of technical problems, schedule delays and cost overruns.\nThe Homeland Security Department subsequently announced a new initiative that would use electronic surveillance equipment similar to that attempted with SBINet.\nThe new plan called for spending $242 million in fiscal 2012 on a variety of technology, including fixed and remote video surveillance systems, along the U.S.-Mexico border in Arizona.\nAt the time SBI was canceled, it had completed a system covering 53 miles. Officials said the new initiative, which would use mobile surveillance systems and unmanned aerial vehicles in addition to some fixed systems, is expected to cost $750 million for the remaining 323 miles of Arizona\u2019s border. CBP also requested an addition $800 million over a 10-year period for operations and maintenance.\nA Government Accountability Office report released in November 2011 criticized the project, saying that that CBP lacked the information it needed to build the system in accordance with DHS and Office of Management and Budget guidance.\nGAO said the agency had not documented its reasons for choosing specific technologies and had failed to adequately define the benefits of the project. CBP also had not done a review of SBInet to gain lessons that could help with implementing the new system and making it work with the existing elements of SBInet.\nKevin McCaney is a former editor of Defense Systems and GCN.", "What consequence does Nora face after unexpectedly becoming pregnant in the Community", "What is the purpose of the $10.1 million funding awarded by the National Institutes of Health", "What are the deadlines and submission guidelines for the CFI IF Expressions of Interest", "What are some strategies mentioned for managing risks in interconnected supply chains", "As a fairly wealthy, Caucasian woman, living in Canada, I have never been in a situation where I have had no where to go. For these individuals however, ones who have had to live with serious misfortunes for an extended period of time, are affected by the housing crisis. These individuals hope to share their stories in order to diminish the stereotypes and misconceptions surrounding the lives of individuals living on the streets. Continue reading Street Life\nWhy do I turn my back\nfrom those who really love me?\nWhy don\u2019t I tune my heart\nto those who really care? Continue reading Worth\nmy feet in the muck\nof the wrongful demands\nfrom those who have luck\non their sides. Continue reading Luck Doesn\u2019t Exist\nIt\u2019s okay to be alone sometimes, it can even be important. Do not forget how significant you are and how many people you influence. And when you think of such things, remember that even when you are alone, you are not forgotten. Continue reading Solitude: Lost in Translation\nOur words mean something important, whether we choose to believe it or not. What we write and what we share with the world impacts others; it has the capab", "What major vulnerabilities have been identified in industrial control systems (ICS) due to increasing automation and how might these affect businesses", "DEAL TALK PODCAST EVERY WEEK, CLICK IMAGE\nThe Informed Buyer E-Book\nIt can happen\nMonthly Archives: October 2018\nPreparation GM bumper to bumper option $2000 up to the dealer Recently bankrupt? After you have picked, what\u2019s next Ads won\u2019t help you Getting online quotes What you might write Where for Beacon Bank info Call insurance After market research \u2026 Continue reading \u2192\nLeasing facts Flexible lease Payment packing unclear Does it make sense? Peace of mind So many points More vehicles in ten years No repair Tax advantage You have rights Still due diligence Keep your trade dollars Check out this epi", "What options are available for delivery and pickup for customers in the Greater Toronto Area", "What concerns did the author have regarding the controls of the Track & Field game on Xbox 360 compared to the arcade version", "What mechanisms and considerations are highlighted in the text for dealing with odometer problems and vehicle purchases", "The 410 shotgun 45 handgun combination is quite appealing to many people. Firstly, you have the 45 Colt cartridge with its proven ballistics as a hunting and self defense round: \u201cDouble Tap\u201d ammo has a 225 grain round that boasts 1117 pounds of muzzle energy and a wopping 1495 fps! As for the .410 shotgun side of things, because the 45 colt round and the 410 Hull are of equal size you can chamber both. The .410 shell loaded with #4-7 birdshot at a close distance can wreak havoc on snakes: both those that crawl and those that do not.\nThe purpose", "What does Astute License Demand Management (AstuteLDM) aim to eliminate and when should action be taken according to the text", "because Robert works for JetBlue) but was able to catch the last flight to Burlington where she could, at least, sleep in a bed and not one of those awful airport chairs.\n|CHECKING IN FOR THEIR FLIGHT. NO, REALLY!|\n|THIS PLANE OR THAT ONE. BOTH WERE FULL, DESTINATION NASSAU|\nTHEIR LUGGAGE WAS ON ONE AND THEY FLEW ON THE OTHER\nDan and I pulled anchor and sailed south to drop the hook south of the Lee Stocking Mooring field just off Williams Cay. After getting all set we discovered that there were two rowdy dogs in the house just above our spot but luckily they soon tired of yapping and our night was dreamy", "d her rebellion against Community rules, is ruining everything. But it\u2019s not just her life unraveling; it\u2019s deeply hidden secrets that Nora\u2019s escape threatens to reveal. She, along with the rest of the Community, must confront their past if there\u2019s any hope of survival.\nConnect with Heidi Visser\nPre-order Today \u2013 Publishing June 14th, 2022\nIn the name of full transparency, please be aware that this blog\ncontains affiliate links and any purchases made through such links will result in a small commission for us (at no extra cost for you).", "What action did Customs and Border Protection take after unintentionally posting documents containing commercial trade secrets", "What were the sales percentages of Konami's total software for different console platforms", "What percentage of the fair market value does DrummerSuperStore\u00ae pay for products", "d, but this sentence was commuted to transportation for life. Montgomery was sent to Fort Henry; he escaped and made his way to Rochester, New York, where he kept a boarding-house, which became a rendezvous of Canadian Patriots, and a grocery store. He was again closely associated with Mackenzie at Rochester and was president of an association for Canadian refugees.\nMontgomery was pardoned and returned to Toronto in 1843. He built a large new tavern on the site of the old on Yonge Street, and later operated taverns in Toronto itself; in 1858 he was proprietor of the Robinson House, a \u201ctemperance hotel\u201d where liquor was not sold. In 1871 he moved to Headford, in Markham Township, where he was postmaster. Soon after his return to Canada he had submitted the first of a long series of petitions requesting compensation for the loss of his tavern in 1837. He enlisted Mackenzie\u2019s help, but only in 1873 was action taken; in that year, Oliver Mowat*\u2019s government established a select committee of the Legislative Assembly which decided that Montgomery\u2019s losses had exceeded $15,000; it awarded him $3,000.\nMontgomery was married three times, but only the name of Mary Wilmot, whom he married in 1835, is known. When he died in 1879 he was survived by his third wife and six children. He claimed that at his trial, when asked by Robinson if he had anything to say, he replied that he had been convicted by perjured evidence and that \u201cThese perjurers will never die a natural death; and when you, sir, and the jury shall have died and perished in hell\u2019s flames, John Montgomery will yet be living on Yonge Street.\u201d If the prophecy was made, parts of it did come true: two men killed themselves, and Montgomery outlived judge, jurors, witnesses, and prosecutors.\nPAO, Mackenzie-Lindsey collection, clippings, no. 305; Misc. 1959, E. A. Lacey, \u201cJohn Montgomery, a miscarriage of justice.\u201d Globe (Toronto), 15 Jan. 1876. Picton Times, 29 Jan. 1880. Dent, Upper Canadian rebellion. E. C. Guillet, The lives and times of the Patriots; an account of the rebellion in Upper Canada, 1837\u20131838, and the Patriot agitation in the United States, 1837\u20131842 (Toronto, 1938); Pioneer inns and taverns (5 v., Toronto, 1954\u201362), I. E. A. Lacey, \u201cThe trials of John Montgomery,\u201d Ont. Hist., LII (1960), 141\u201358. Mrs O. B. Sheppard, \u201cIncidents in the life of John Montgomery during the rebellion of 1837\u201338,\u201d York Pioneer and Hist. Soc., Annual Report, 1926 (Toronto), 11\u201315", "iting payment of customs/duties/taxes. Please keep an eye on your shipment when your tracking number is provided to avoid delays.\nWe are not responsible for any lost packages once we have turned the item over to the shipping company, we will do our best to provide you with information to help you recover your item.\nPLEASE NOTE: If you choose to reject/refuse delivery due to customs fees there will be a $30 return fee deducted from your refund to cover return shipping due to your refusal.\nWe cannot ship to PO or APO boxes\nHOW LONG WILL MY PACKAGE TAKE?\nDUE TO COVID-19 YOU MAY EXPERIENCE LONGER THAN NORMAL SHIPPING TIMES.\nOrders will typically be delivered within 2-5 business days from the ship date for for orders in Canada, this does not include rural areas. We are not responsible for any delays from the postal company once the package is out for delivery.\nFor international orders, please check your tracking number for estimated ship times.\nOnce items are shipped it is the responsibility of the postal service to ensure packages are delivered. No refunds will be issued for lost packages.\nWHERE IS MY PACKAGE?\nYour order may take the entire 14 business days to complete before we ship depending on our order volume. Please wait until the 14th business day has passed before inquiring about your order.\nIt is the customers responsibility to ensure the name and address for the order is correct. If you notice a mistake in your address please notify us immediately.\nIf your package has not been delivered according to the time estimated and is still listed as \u201cprocessing or out for delivery\u201d please give it an extra day or two to arrive. If more than 2 days past an out for delivery notice has passed or it never arrives, please contact Canada Post with your tracking number to open a claim, then notify us.\nIf your package says delivered but has not arrived, please look out for any attempt to deliver notices. If you cannot locate your package or it has taken an unreasonable amount of time to be delivered, please contact Canada Post and open a claim, then notify us . We are not responsible for any loss or delays on the part of the shipping company. We will do our best to assist you in recovering your item if possible.", "I\u2019ve replaced the default padlocks that are normally delivered with new purchases with keyless padlocks. As I explained before, this is part of an attempt to streamline the \u201cnew user experience\u201d with the TouchBound system.\nI still have a ton of product pictures that mention the fingerprint padlock and I\u2019ll do my best to updat", "What tools does Quotes Daddy offer for developers and bloggers regarding quotes", "What is the concept of 'Last In, First Out' and why is it important when moving", "What tactics did Michigan Head Coach Kevin Borseth mention they employed to contain Prahalis and Hill during the game", "ed hard to get my boat ready and have been out sailing a lot for practice, including doing the Round the Island Race.\n\u201cRacing solo on the ocean is where I feel most at home. The Route du Rhum \u2013 Destination Guadeloupe is a great race to a lovely island. I won\u2019t win but shall have a lot of fun participating.\u201d\nKnox-Johnston created the Clipper Race to provide a platform for non-professional sailors to experience the thrill of ocean racing and for many, a circumnavigation. The biennial event has inspired more than 3,000 people to compete in what is now the longest ocean race around the planet at more than 40,000 miles since it was established in 1996.\nSir Robin is the only British sailor to have won \u2018Yachtsman of the Year\u2019 three times. He has sailed around the world four times, twice solo, including the Golden Globe historic circumnavigation in 1968/69, and once winning the Jules Verne Trophy in 1994. He last competed in the Route du Rhum in 1982, on the 70-foot catamaran Sea Falcon.\n\u2013 Clipper Race Medi", "Analytics anyone can use.\nData prep anyone can use.\nAnalytics for organizations.\nCloud analytics for organizations.\nAudience: This course is designed to provide you with the skills required to become a Tableau power user. The course is designed for the professional who has solid working experience with Tableau and wants to take it to the next level. You should have a deep understanding of all the fundamental concepts of building worksheets and dashboards, but may scratch your head when working with more complex issues.\nDuration: Depending on your particular class, it will either run 2.5 hours daily instruction for", "ones, and, these changes will definitely cause issues for things such as day care. Hopefully, by showing the doctor or office manager examples of how these last-minute changes affect the team members\u2019 lives, they can adjust and not make these last-minute changes to the schedule. They can adapt the schedules to make them work better not only for the employees but for the office as well.\nANSWER FROM REBECCA BOARTFIELD, HR expert with Bent Ericksen & Associates:\nAt the moment, abrupt changes in schedules are perfectly legal, even though they are frustrating for employees. This may not always be the case if any \"predictive scheduling\" laws get passed in your state or elsewhere, which is currently the buzz we are hearing in the human resources world.\nYour state does have a requirement to pay a split shift differential. This could be required for employees taking 90 minutes or two hours or more for lunch. Click here for more information about this.\nWhen you click on the link, read number six in particular because how much someone makes offsets what the person is owed for a split shift. For a higher paid person, this could mean no split shift differential is owed at all.\nThis is a tough situation that you're in, and unfortunately there is no legal recourse for the staff members at the moment.\nDon't be shy! If YOU have a tough issue in your dental office that you would like addressed, send it to firstname.lastname@example.org for the experts to answer. Remember, you'll be helping others who share the same issue. Responses will come from various dental consultants, as well as other experts in the areas of human resources, coding, front office management, and more. These folks will assist dental professionals with their various issues on DentistryIQ because they're very familiar with the tough challenges day-to-day practice can bring. All inquiries will be answered anonymously each Thursday here on DIQ", "What is the appropriate slug size to use in the Taurus or Leinad family of rifled 45/410 pistols", "ng formed in 1863. Like Notts, they have only one major trophy to their name the league Cup in 1972 and have also yo-yoed their way through the leagues. The there most famous player is Stanley Matthews who is a giant of the game in the 30\u2019s and 40\u2019s and the club have been considered a top club even if they haven\u2019t been able to match the history.\nJust down the road from Notts County is Nottingham Forest or just plain old Forest. Formed in 1865 they of all these clubs have tasted the success of a First Division win in 1977 where they were led by one of the greatest managerial duos ever Brian Clough and Peter Taylor. They also guided the team to two European back to back cup victories and the FA Cup twice, though never under Clough who had won them everything else including the European Super Cup.\nFinally, we have Sheffield Wednesday, older then there great rival Sheffield United, being founded in 1967. They are so called as they only played on Wednesdays as this was the day off for the players and they could only make it then. The Club now plays on Saturdays with the rest of the teams in the league. They too have yo-yoed there way through the leagues but they have tasted cup success by winning the First Division four times and the FA Cup three times. They are the best domestically of the originals.", "What factors can improve the wholesale value of musical instruments and equipment when selling them to DrummerSuperStore\u00ae", "Scripture is full of things we can count on. Some are pleasant \u2013 some not. And they seem to come in pairs. The following is a classic example:\nI have said these things to you, that in me you may have peace. In the world you will have tribulation. But take heart; I have overcome the world.\u201d John 16:33 ESV\nYou will have tribulation (bad news) but take heart; I have overcome the world (great news). I think some folks want to frame a theology for one reason or another where any sign of trouble in our own life must be caused by our failure in some area.\nThe truth is uncapitalized sin (our own person rebellion) certainly has consequences. But capital \u201cS\u201d Sin (because of what happened in the garden) is often the cause that gets looked past and the affliction is misdiagnosed as a result. Bad things happ", "our new bare home, you will most likely want some perfectly normal things that the residence may or may not be equipped to offer so you will want to have planned accordingly. One thing that is most often missed is a full kit of toiletries. Make sure to pack toilet paper, hand soap and towels along with your tooth brushing and shower gear. Of course, you will also want a couple changes of clothes closeby until you unpack the wardrobe boxes. Practical The following group of things to consider is what you'll need admist unpacking. If you do not want to sit on boxes, bring a camp chair or two so you can take a load off between unpacking sessions before the furniture is in place. You will also need a box cutter or pocket knife for tape, a dolly for moving heavy or stacked boxes and your set of tools for reassembling the furniture. You can feel free to skip this step if you have contracted professional movers to unpack and reassemble for you. Unpacking Order Lastly, you'll want to ponder the sequence you will want to unpack items, especially if your possessions are coming in multiple trucks. The primary rooms to concern yourself with are the bathroom, kitchen and bedroom, in that order. Make sure to pack the rest of your essential bathroom items, like towels and medicines, somewhere easy to find and swiftly accessible. The kitchen is the next thing people overlook and find themselves eating on paper plates while seeking the box of dishes. Your kitchen boxes should be clearly labeled and packed last so you can access your dishes, pans, and spices on the first night. Finally, make sure you can make your bed before you are exhausted at the end of the day with clean sheets, pillows, and blankets. Once you or your movers have cautiously sorted, packed, and labeled everything, working with your movers is the best way to make sure that the right boxes are available early and delivered to the right rooms. This way, you won't have to sift through stacks of heavy boxes to find what you're searching for as each room will have precisely what it needs", "What are Jill Stein's and Ron Paul's perspectives on labeling genetically modified food", "predictable and visible with improved tracking options and losses reduced from spoilage or expiration,\u201d explains Michael Bruch, head of Emerging Trends at AGCS.\nThe problems arise in interconnected supply chains, as technical faults embedded into code are hard to detect and can often compound resulting in a fault that could last days. The cost to a company could number in the tens of millions, Allianz says.\nThis has a ripple effect across not only the company itself, but all its interconnected supply partners.\nThese risks can be managed by maintaining \"High technical IT security standards of networks, software and mobile devices, staff awareness trainings, continuous process optimization and rigid management of access rights and guidelines must go hand in hand. To manage the residual risks, cyber insurance is becoming a core element of IT risk management for many companies,\" says Jens Krickhahn, cyber insurance expert at AGCS Central and Eastern Europe.\nAllianz predicts future trends in digitization will see the increasing importance of intangible assets such as brand management, intellectual properly, skills and supply chain assets. To insure this, packages must include risk analysis, benchmarking and mitigation advice, the company says", "What type of specialties does Plumbers & Steamfitters focus on and where is it located", "Who is the head coach of New Zealand's national rugby team, the All Blacks", "What specific issues does the user want help with regarding using VOIP on the phone", "roximately $110,000.00 in annual revenue.\nPlumbers & Steamfitters is located at 150 Midler Park Dr, Syracuse, NY. This business specializes in General Contractors and Plumbing.", "for writing this article is that some folks have written in wondering what size slug to use in the Taurus or Leinad family of rifled 45/410 pistols. The largest .410 shotgun slug is only .410\u2033 in diameter. The 45 Colt is .451-.454 and therefore you can fire a .410 slug from your Taurus, Rossi, et al., but accuracy will be lousy as will power. The 45 Colt is the slug for this family of .410 shotgun.\nSome guys mistakenly believe you can fire a .45 slug from a .410 shotgun \u2013 not so. The same principle works in reverse and if you try to fire that .4", "What issues do individuals living on the streets hope to address through sharing their stories", "Once in a while we get asked how we were able to get away from agency work and attract small business and startup clients of our own. It\u2019s a great question! And one that deserves a thoughtful answer since there are a few factors involved. These are the things that worked for us. You do you. But maybe there\u2019s something in this pile of thoughts that will help you get to where you want to be:\n1. Change your game\nBefore we started Knoed, Kyle and I worked at other companies for 6 years. At the start of our 7th year, we both left our jobs to freelance full-time in hopes of gaining our own direct clients. We let all of our contacts know we were available for projects, which was mostly agencies around town because that\u2019s who we knew. We started out working as subcontractors for a few of them, but we had a rule that we never worked on-site nor did weekly or monthly contracts with them\u2014only project-based work. Why? Because we both wanted to eventually have our own clients and we knew if we worked on-site for agencies or did time-based contracts, we would get sucked back into that world and never get the time needed to build our own client list.\nEven with those rules in place, 80% of our work was working on projects for agencies and 20% was for our own clients. How did we get that 20%? Slowly over time through word of mouth and our individual websites.\nWe started out marketing ourselves as Independent Designers, but we couldn\u2019t seem to get the phone to ring from small businesses as often as we wanted. During the year we freelanced, we would sometimes help each other out or brainstorm ideas together for our projects. It didn\u2019t take long before we realized we made a great team.\nAfter many discussions, we decided to join forces\u2014create a company, pitch new work together, collaborate on projects together and combine our portfolios. It was a big step! But we were committed. We thought up names, decided on Knoed Creative, created a website and combined our portfolios.\nOn 1.11.11 we launched the site. Starting Knoed immediately altered how we were being perceived. We were now a company of two instead of two freelancers.\nWhat we didn\u2019t anticipate was a complete 180\u00ba with who we attracted. Even though we were the same people, with the same experience and same portfolio, we were now being seen in a whole new light. Small businesses began knocking on our door and the agencies nearly disappeared. We learned that being a company of two people instead of one made the difference.\nWe didn\u2019t know this at the time, but we learned that small businesses can be leery of freelancers or solopreneurs because there\u2019s a perception that they\u2019re unstable, in between jobs or not serious about their careers. Some small businesses hire freelancers because they don\u2019t want to spend a lot of money, and many freelancers fit their budgets. On the other hand, agencies love freelancers because they need people who can float around and take on odd jobs when things get too busy. But when you\u2019re a company, you immediately gain more respect, more trust and more attention from small businesses. They feel more confident in your abilities and that you\u2019re not going anywhere.\nWithin the first year of starting Knoed, our stats flipped and 80% of our work was with our own clients and 20% was with agencies. Now, five years later, our work is 100% with our own clients.\nWe\u2019re not suggesting that every freelancer should start a company with others. But this was a game-changer for us. If what you\u2019re currently doing isn\u2019t working, try taking a different approach. Instead of going by your name, create a company name. But in our opinion, it\u2019s important to be honest and transparent if it\u2019s just you. If you say \u2018we\u2019 when it\u2019s just you, then you\u2019re creating an illusion that the client will see through on the first call with you, and doubt will set in with them. Trust is in a fragile state with new relationships and you don\u2019t want to lose it before you get the chance to prove yourself.\n2. Find your niche and your \u201cwhy\u201d\nAs graphic designers, we\u2019re used to focusing on design and making our work as good as possible to stand out. But when it comes to building your business, you have to put your business hat on before you get to the design.\nYour website is your best marketing tool for people to find you or look you up. Consider who you\u2019re targeting and what you\u2019re saying. There\u2019s a ton of freelancers, design firms and agencies out there all doing the same exact thing as you. What makes you different? Why are you in business? (Speaking of why, watch Simon Sinek\u2019s TED talk to get you inspired on this very topic.) Know what type of clients or industries you\u2019d like to attract so you can create a much more targeted strategy and know where to look for new business. Finding a niche can help build your name quickly and, hopefully, lead to more work.\nWe love doing business strategy, creating visual identities, positioning, designing websites, printed collateral, copywriting and even packaging. We found that the best way to get our hands on all that stuff is to start at the beginning. We chose to focus on branding because we really enjoy designing companies from the ground up and we love working with people who are starting/buildi", "PURCHASING USED GEAR\nBUY | SELL | TRADE\nHOW CAN I GET THE MOST WHEN SELLING MY GEAR?\nDrummerSuperStore\u00ae buys all kinds of musical instruments and equipment daily. We do offer the best possible price to every seller, based on the supply, demand and condition of your specific products. However, making sure the product is clean, functional and has all of the related accessories, manuals and adapters will certainly improve the wholesale value of your gear.\nHOW WILL YOU VALUE MY EQUIPMENT?\nOur certified buyers receive extensive training on how to appropriately value all categories of musical instruments and equipment. In a \u201ctypical\u201d situation,", "What is the theme of the yearly event initiated by MTN starting on June 3, 2019", "What skills is the course designed to provide for becoming a Tableau power user", "What is the annual cost for an individual or family membership required for trail access", "CBP exposes contractor trade secrets in surveillance project\n- By Kevin McCaney\n- Apr 06, 2012\nCustoms and Border Protection blocked access to a contracting Web page, and later moved its location, after it had inadvertently posted documents containing commercial trade secrets as part of a solicitation for a video surveillance project on the U.S.-Mexico border in Arizona.\nIn addition to blocking further access to the documents, CBP is asking anyone who downloaded the two documents in question to delete or destroy them, according to a notice posted to FedBizOps.\nThe website where the documents were posted is a password-protected site for authorized users, so CBP has a list of anyone who has accessed, viewed or downloaded the documents. CBP\u2019s notice said it would directly contact those individuals, asking them to delete their copies and to confirm in writing that they\u2019ve gotten rid of them.\nThe documents, which CBP said \u201cmay contain information considered to be commercial/trade secret information,\u201d were posted to a Virtual Reading Room as part of a new solicitation for a remote video surveillance system for the Southwestern border of the U.S. The solicitation was posted in February.\nThe documents were titled \"80' Monopole Dwgs.pdf and \"80 Foot Monopole Spec's V1.0.pdf,\" CBP said. The agency temporarily blocked access to the site while it removed the documents and later moved the location of the Virtual Reading Room.\nThe previous effort to build a \u201cvirtual fence\u201d along the 2,000-mile border, the Secure Bor", "e those over time, I doubt that this will create much confusion. We shall see.\nI\u2019ll make the keyless padlocks available for sale individually once I get around making a proper product picture for them.\nAnother thing I really, really, really need to do is to rewrite (again) the fingerprint padlock to be much more user-friendly", "ng/creating things that we can get behind. We only show that type of work in our portfolio and we speak to that throughout our website to attract those types of clients and projects. Everything we say and everything we show is intentional, focused and follows our strategy.\nSomething that sets us apart is that we\u2019re two people. We embrace being small and use it as our differentiator and selling point. We\u2019re bigger than a freelancer and smaller than a design firm. What you see in our portfolio is what you get\u2014there\u2019s no revolving door with designers coming in and out. When you call, we\u2019re the ones answering the phone and working on the project so there\u2019s never communication lost in translation. We give extremely personalized service and are so involved in the making of their company that our clients often become friends. And being just two people, it doesn\u2019t take much to keep us busy, so we\u2019re very selective about what and how much we work on to make sure every project gets the attention it deserves. This is our strategy and our differentiator, and none of it is made up just to sound good. It\u2019s what we believe and it\u2019s our why.\n3. Think like a marketing person\nTake a look at the the type of projects you\u2019re showing in your portfolio. Is it the kind of work you want to be getting? Does it relate to the type of clients you hope to attract?\nIf your portfolio is a showcase of work for big box stores or Fortune 100 companies and you want to be working with small businesses, startups and mom-n-pop shops, then there\u2019s a disconnect happening. You should be showing the type of work you want to attract and work that represents the type of clients you hope to get.\nWhat people see is what they want. If a small business owner comes to your site, they want to see that you work on projects of a similar scope and for a similar clientele. If all they see is big brands you did at your old job, they might not be able to picture what you would do for them or they might think that they\u2019re not \u2018big enough\u2019 to work with you.\nIf you don\u2019t have any examples to show that relate to the type of work/clients you want to get, then it\u2019s time to start working on some. You can take any business that exists and redesign everything from the ground up. It doesn\u2019t have to be a produced project\u2014it can be conceptual. What\u2019s great about this is, it\u2019s all up to you! You don\u2019t have to get approvals from the client\u2014it\u2019s purely your vision. What matters is that you\u2019re doing work that\u2019s representative of what you hope to get.\nIf it\u2019s important to you that it gets produced, then do some pro bono work for a company who could use a redesign\u2014get them on board and involved from the start and let them be your guinea pig so you can start building the kind of portfolio you want. There are so many businesses who need help with design. Just make sure you find the right fit so that what you work on is what you want to be working on. Especially if you\u2019re doing it for free.\n4. Hone your people skills\nThis one seems like common sense, but there are a lot of people who lose projects or clients because of this. When you do start getting the type of clients and projects you want, treat them like gold. Sometimes we designers are great at being creative, but not the best at being organized or giving great customer service.\nFor example, put time into the way you email. Be friendly. Be positive. Make jokes (when appropriate). Be responsive. Never wait more than 24 hours to respond to an email. Even if it\u2019s a reply verifying that you received their email and will get back to them as soon as possible. Be thorough and organized. Part of your job is to take care of stuff they don\u2019t have the time to take care of.\nIt all matters when you\u2019re in business for yourself, and clients care about all of it. If you treat them well, keep them in the loop, stay on schedule and deliver great work, you\u2019re golden. That will lead to more projects with them, and they\u2019ll tell everyone they know about you.\n5. Evaluate, re-evaluate and repeat\nWorking on the business side of design is a process, and one that is constantly evolving. We\u2019re always thinking about our business and trying to improve our own processes. It\u2019s necessary that you spend time thinking about how you can improve where you need to, come up with ways to solve these problems and implement those strategies one at a time. Use tools that will help you streamline your process and give the best client experience. At Knoed, we use the following apps to make our lives easier and give the best experience for our clients:\nIf you do start incorporating some of these ideas into your business, have patience and be aware of any small changes that start to take effect. If things start heading in the right direction, then the changes you made are working. If not, try a different approach. This is what we\u2019ve found works for us. If you have any tips or recommendations of your own, let us know in the comments below!\nWritten by Kim Knoll, Co-Founder and Designer at Knoed Creative in Chicago.\nSubscribe to our mailing list or follow us on Instagram, Twitter or Facebook.\nAdvice To Young Designers by Knoed Creative\nStart With Why by Simon Sinek\nHow To Become Exceptional At Your Craft by Ira Glas", "What are the prerequisites required to take this course", "Big news in the world of medicine surfaced this week: The National Institutes of Health promised a whopping $10.1 million to fund the scientific study of ailments and diseases ranging from migraines to strokes. The best part? The money will go specifically towards making sure women and female animals are a part of clinical trials. This will allow scientists and medical researchers to have a significantly greater amount of information concerning women's health to analyze.\nBecause of the frequent hormo", "ility to touch the lives of others and change the way they see the world. So let\u2019s write, about our beauty, our weaknesses, our emotions and anything we wish because it is all important. All we have to do is write. Continue reading Written: Lost in Translation\nWhen we think about love it can often be difficult to define it. What is it exactly? How do you know what you are feeling is true and authentic? A political comic and artist from New Zealand analyzes many different elements of love and what it really means. Continue reading A Love Story\nWhen you squint your eyes traffic lights brighten,\nreminding you that the city lights can cause fears to lighten.\nAnd when alone at twilight, looking up at the sky,\nstreet lights bring you comfort as day turns to nigh. Continue reading Pain\nDance with me please,\nor lets talk for awhile.\nCause I like when I\u2019m with you,\nwhen you make me smile.\nContinue reading Complicated\nPillows, blankets, and suitcases filled to the brim\nstuffed in the trunk of my car as I leave on a whim.\nRunning away has always been second nature to me,\nwhen life gets too tough, I pack up and flee. Continue reading Fle", "sode!\nOdometer problems, you win Odometer laws apply to everyone OTD means everything included If something is wrong in your deal Due diligence, due process Salesperson, Manager, Dealer principal Manufacturer The bank Better business (BBB.org) Attorney general (your state.gov/attorney general) FTC \u2026 Continue reading \u2192\nLease, rent or purchase choices Refundable deposits Returning your purchase Subscriptions Buying short term Balloon 36 months or less only None or little maintenance Mileage allowance Resale matters Choices, trade sell or buy Tax advantage Peace of mind Due diligence \u2026 Continue reading", "What themes and subjects does Awake At Last focus on in their lyrics", "five days or 3 hours daily instruction over four days. We recommend planning for 30-60 minutes of homework after each session to work on the topics covered that day.\nPrerequisites: Tableau Desktop I: Fundamentals or equivalent experience.\nLearning Objectives: At the end of this class, you will be able to:\nCourse Includes: This course includes a virtual course manual containing key concepts on each topic covered and hands-on activities to reinforce the skills and knowledge attained. It also includes a digital student resources folder containing Tableau workbooks and data sources to support the hands-on activities.", "What are the positions of Gary Johnson and Barack Obama regarding mandatory labeling of genetically modified foods", "Jan. 7, 2012\nMichigan Head Coach Kevin Borseth\nOn the team's success in the first half ... \"We were trying to do everything that we could to contain Prahalis and Hill. They are absolutely phenomenal players and they are a handful. We were doing everything that we could to try to keep them at bay. I thought our kids had a lot of energy defensively, and I thought that was a big difference for us in the first half.\"\nOn players recognizing what teammates to give the ball to ... \"We have an equal-opportunity offense. I think we try to share the ball, and we try to take advantage of situations. Sometimes it is a mismatch on the perimeter, and sometimes it's a mismatch inside. We just try to take care of the ball. Sometimes, it looks like organized chaos to me, but if you go back and look at the film you can see that our goal is to take care of the ball and not turn it over. At the end of the game, it was a little bit concerning because Tayler Hill swiped two from Rachel (Sheffer). Rachel trying to drive on Tayler Hill was probably not a good idea. Then Sam (Prahalis) poked one back on Nya (Jordan), so we turned the ball over at the elbow, which was kind of concerning. For the most part, we try to take care of the ball and get a high-percentage shot from whomever we can.\"\nOn Sam Arnold's contributions coming off the bench ... \"When you are in the game, you have to be able to do something, and when Sam comes in, we rely on her under the basket. Rachel has", "What are some recommended applications for the Nokia 5730xm phone", "- TMTA membership is required for trail access due to insurance needs.\n- Annual Individual/Family Membership is $35 a year.\nPlease visit Facebook/Tehachapi Mountain Trails Assoc for membership information.\n- Hiking and Biking Allowed On Marked Trails Only!\n- The Restricted Area on this Map involve Lehigh Quarry activiti", "MONTGOMERY, JOHN, tavern-keeper; b. probably 29 Feb. 1788, at Gagetown, N.B., son of Alexander Montgomery; d. at Barrie, Ont., 31 Oct. 1879.\nJohn Montgomery\u2019s parents left Stamford, Connecticut, for New Brunswick after the American Revolutionary War, and in about 1798 settled at York (Toronto); Upper Canada. John served in the War of 1812 as a York volunteer on the Niagara frontier, and was present at the battle at Queenston.\nAlexander Montgomery had established a tavern at York soon after his arrival, and in 1828 John was keeping the Bird in Hand Tavern, also at York. In the same period he operated a tavern on Yonge Street near Newton Brook (now in the borough of North York). About 1830 he erected Montgomery\u2019s Tavern on Yonge Street, a few miles north of York.\nMontgomery had sympathized with the Reformers in Upper Canada, perhaps as early as 1824. In 1832 he helped send William Lyon Mackenzie* to England to present petitions to the Colonial Office, and he was later among the Reformers who founded the Bank of the People. He was also a commissioner for the roads of York County and a director of the Mutual Insurance Company. In July 1837, on the eve of the rebellion in Upper Canada, he signed at John Doel\u2019s brewery a declaration of Toronto Reformers and was a member of a vigilance committee named to carry out its resolutions aimed at creating \u201cthe efectual organization of the Reformers of Upper Canada.\u201d He appears, however, to have quarrelled with Mackenzie, disapproving of the latter\u2019s plans for open rebellion.\nOn 3 December he was informed that his tavern would be the headquarters for the rebels, and was asked to act as commissary. But Montgomery had leased his tavern to John Linfoot by this time. Linfoot was to take possession of the tavern on 1 Feb. 1838, but had moved in on 1 December. While the rebel forces were assembling, Montgomery continued living in one of the rooms of the tavern and was said to have been occupied mainly with moving furniture to his new home. Although he apparently took no active part in the activities of the rebels and is said to have quarrelled at the tavern on one occasion with Mackenzie, his conduct was found at his trial to have been ambivalent.\nOn 7 December government forces reached the tavern and burned it on the orders of Francis Bond Head. Montgomery was arrested, and charged with high treason. Tried before John Beverley Robinson*, he was found guilty and sentenced to be execute", "Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right\nIt employs 2 employees and is generating app", "sing anecdotes of folks buying everything from $10,000 motorcycle tours to used CDs. And it is true that traffic to many of the of the post popular shopping websites tends to go up in the evening, when people might be enjoying a post-dinner cocktail. But until laptops start coming equipped with breathalyzer tests, there's really no way to know how booze affects sales or how stores could really take advantage of that knowledge. Perhaps a partnership with Foursquare that sends you coupons after you check into your third bar of the night?\nThe idea that boxes from Amazon.com could show at up at your door with no memory of how they were acquired is an odd one too. Not only is it harder on your pocketbook, it's not as tasty as a microwaved burrito at two in the morning", "What differentiates the small design team described in the text from larger design firms or freelancers", "What potential idea is suggested for stores to capitalize on evening alcohol consumption and sales", "What strategy did the authors implement to transition from agency work to attracting their own clients", "5730xm Owner, 05 Jul 2010What you did:- You see the procedure you did is called [on the air update] that not all phone... morethanks a lot brother...i have updated firmware of my mobile..the key pad is working fine..once again thankss\nfahad, 05 Jul 2010thanks bro for ur response.. but i have checked for the updates but there is no update availab... moreWhat you did:-\nYou see the procedure you did is called [on the air update] that not all phones have, and the 5730zm is supposed to have this feature, but sadly as you mentioned all you are going to get is [no updates available] which is not true.\nThe best way to make the update:-\n1) Install \"Nokia PC Suite\" on your PC.\n2) Install \"Nokia Software Updater\" on your PC.\n3) Back up phone memory on the 8GB SD Card.\n4) Remove the 8GB SD Card from the phone.\n5) Make sure that the phone is fully charged.\n6) Connect the phone to computer via USB Cable.\n7) Start \"Nokia Software Updater\".\n8) Follow the steps.\n5730xm Owner, 05 Jul 2010QWERTY-Pad Problem:-\nMy friend you don't have to get used it, as it is already mentioned in h... morethanks bro for ur response.. but i have checked for the updates but there is no update available... i have checked by *#0000# then clicking the options and then check for updates..the it says no updates available.....if there is other way to update pls lemme know i will appreciate it..\n5730xm Owner, 05 Jul 2010Who I am:- I am both 'Deathunter' and '5730xm Owner', you can check the country code for both... moreThanks a lot...i will be trying these applications now...will keep me busy for the days to come...anyways, i alwys check this forum before i go to sleep....thanks again\nAks, 05 Jul 2010it would be great if you guys could post a list of your favorite apps for this phone...apart f... moreWho I am:-\nI am both 'Deathunter' and '5730xm Owner', you can check the country code for both IDs and you will see that it is the same, and I still come here on regular bases, but those who I response to, don't bother to response back to me, so what is the point of wasting my time if those who ask the questions don't come back to see the answers (o_O)?!\nYou are right Fring is not that good for this, any way, there is a better one that was called GIZMO, and now it is called 'Vyke' and it provide what you want (Calling through WiFi), so just google 'Vyke' to get more details.\nImportant Applications for 5730xm:-\n01) NetQin Mobile Antivirus (Effective Antivirus)\n02) NetQin Assistant (Well give you something like the PC start menu in your phone)\n03) Speedy Go! (Supposed to accelerate your phone)\n04) FreeSigner (Can be used to sign applications 'you must have key and certificate')\n05) MobiGenie (Friendly unwanted calls blocker)\n06) CorePlayer or SmartMovie (Play avi format movies on your phone)\n07) FontRouter (Change your phone font style)\n08) MobyExplorer (Access your phone system files)\n09) BlueFTP (Send sis and jar files via bluetooth)\n10) ScreenSnap or Supershot (Take screen snapshots)\n11) TaskMan (Enhanced task manager)\n12) RingtoneMaker (Cut full-songs to make ringtones)\n13) PhoneInfo (Show all what you need to know about your phone)\n14) PicoDrive (Play SEGA games on your phone)\n15) Ovi Contacts (Nokia service that is similar to BB service)\nAnd there are much more usefull applications for the 5730xm, but those that I mentioned are the most imporatant.\nfahad, 03 Jul 2010i'm also facing the same problem..and whn i press 'a' it appears 'q'.. N whn press 'q' it appe... moreQWERTY-Pad Problem:-\nMy friend you don't have to get used it, as it is already mentioned in here by several people who have the 5730 that a simple firmware update can fix this problem, so if you don't know how to do the update, let me know and I tell you the procedure.\nit would be great if you guys could post a list of your favorite apps for this phone...apart from opera mini and opera mobile...they are absolutely a must...but i am certain tha", "What is the current legal status of abrupt schedule changes for employees in various workplaces, according to the text", "The yearly event which kicked off on the 3rd of June 2019, with the opening ceremony was the first event in the 21 days of Y\u2019ello care that will be held across the nation to show that MTN is a brand that truly cares. #JustForYou\nIn the next 21 days, the entire staff of MTN will be touching the lives of people in various locations. This year\u2019s theme is, \u201cCreating a Brighter Future for the Youth\u201d.\nOver the last 13 years, we have visited school etc, to show how much we care about the", "What are the concerns of the dental office staff regarding last-minute schedule changes", "What are the funding percentages and sources for the proposed infrastructure project described in the text", "What actions did John Montgomery take that involved his involvement with the Reformers in Upper Canada", "What type of padlocks have been installed instead of the default ones in the TouchBound system", "What does John 16:33 convey about peace and tribulation in a person's life", "Increasing automation and interconnectivity in the world's industrial factories is unwittingly helping them become more vulnerable to cyber attacks, a statement from Allianz says.\nUtilities providers in the Ukraine, Israel and Germany have been recent cyber attack targets, demonstrating that hackers are likely to go for industrial control systems (ICS) or complete shutdowns.\nICS is increasingly becoming a major vulnerability, numbering 295 ICS cyber attacks in the US last year. Allianz says these attacks could potentially result in physical damage such as explosions, as well as business interruptions from outside attacks, technical failure and operator error.\nICS processes were often designed in an era before cyber security, so they are inevitably more vulnerable, says Nigel Pearson, global head of fidelity at AGCS.\nAllianz says similar risks plague the manufacturing industry as more companies adopt smart technology, including automation, robots and connected supply chains. The risks for insurers are now greater, but the opportunities are too.\n\u201cContinuous monitoring and predictive maintenance of automated production lines will reduce small scale frequency losses and increase equipment lifetime. Supply chains will be better monitored, more", "Reviewed: August 18, 2007\nReleased: August 8, 2007\nBack in 1983 I was a young track athlete. I was fast. Very fast. So naturally when my friends and I went to the mall and found Konami\u2019s Track and Field, my wallet took a beating\u2026 and so did the buttons on that awesome machine.\nI loved that game. Over the years, Track and Field and various incarnations made it to just about every console system. Some were good\u2026 but most were poor imitations.\nSo when rumors starting going around about Konami\u2019s Track & Field coming to Xbox Live Arcade, I was thrilled! Months went by without a word from Konami or Microsoft. But the day has finally arrived.\nThis is for the most part, a straight conversion of the original arcade game. Digital Eclipse made a few tweaks to make it more XBLA friendly, like adding leaderboards and achievements. But this is faithful to the original right down to the bugs.\nOne of my biggest concerns when I first heard about Track & Field coming to XBLA was how they would handle the controls. In the arcade, there were standard round buttons that we just beat on. The faster you hit the buttons, the faster your guy goes.\nThe problem, even back in 1983, was these things are just not made to take the kind of abuse hardcore gamers can dish out. By 1984 Konami had replaced the standard buttons with new ones that had guards over the top portion. They hurt when you hit them \u2013 especially if your technique had your fingers pointed down, which opened yourself up to major fingernail damage.\nOn the Xbox 360 version, you use the X and B buttons to run, and the A button to jump/throw. You can also use the left analog stick to run (which works much better).\nYou can remap the controls to other buttons or sticks, but in my experience the A-B-X-Y buttons are not made for rapid fire. They just don\u2019t work well for fast running. Using the left stick to run is by far the preferred method. Just be prepared\u2026 to run fast, you will be moving the left stick as fast as you can, left to right, over and over, faster and faster. I suspect there are quite a few broken controllers. Mine is already rattling.\nThe basic idea of the game is to compete in 6 track events. In each event you have to meet a certain goal to move on to the next event. What really made this a great game was the capability to play up to 4 people at a time. Track and Field was probably the first game I played that gave me a genuine sense of competition with other players.\nThere are 6 events with different skills needed to win. There are a total of three rounds which each event having more difficult goals that must be met to keep playing. The goals after 3 rounds remain the same, so once you figure out the events you have it made in round 4 and beyond.\nThe events include:\n100 Meter Dash \u2013 one chance to run as fast as possible. Move the left stick left and right as fast as you can. If players one and two finish with the exact same time, you both get 1,000 bonus points. Times needed:\nLong Jump \u2013 three chances to jump as far as possible. Run to the take-off board, and hold down the jump button until the best jump angle is achieved (45 degrees is optimal). If you do all three jumps at exactly the same length, you get 1,000 bonus points.\nMinimum jump distance needed:\nJavelin \u2013 run to the line and throw a big stick as far as possible. As with the long jump, you hold down the A button until the best angle is achieved. This is the one event that seems to vary for ideal throw angles. Most people say 42 degrees is the best, but I\u2019ve thrown over 90 meters with many angles in the 40\u2019s. Throwing a non-foul at 80 degrees will kill a bird off the top of the screen and you\u2019ll get 1,000 bonus points. Note: as with the original arcade game, there is a bug when throwing over 100 meters. If you throw 100m10, it will register as 0m10 and you won\u2019t qualify for the next event. So the online leaderboards don\u2019t really reflect who has the longest throw.\nThrow distances needed:\n110M Hurdles \u2013 jump over hurdles while you are running 110 meters as fast as you can. If both players finish with the same time, you both get 1,000 bonus points.\nTimes needed to advance:\nHammer Throw \u2013 Three chances to hurl a hammer as far as possible. The athlete will spin faster and faster until you press A to release the hammer. The best angle is 45 degrees. Once again, there is a bug when throwing over 100 meters. If you throw 100m10, it will register as 0m10 and you won\u2019t qualify for the next event. So again, the online leaderboards don\u2019t really reflect who has the longest throw.\nThrow distances needed to qualify for the next event:\nHigh Jump \u2013 three chances to jump over a bar. The athlete will run to the bar, you press th", "What were the conditions of revenue and income for Konami during the three months ending December 31st, 2010 compared to the previous year", "e A button to jump, as he moves closer to the bar, tap A again to get in the ideal position, and hold A to move him into the cushion. If you foul the first two jumps, then clear the third, you\u2019ll get 1,000 bonus points.\nHeights needed to qualify for the next round:\nXbox Live provides some of the best competition for Track and Field. Your high scores will be saved on the Xbox Live Leaderboards. The major drawback to playing on Xbox Live is way the player rooms are set up.\nIf you host a game, you are basically stuck with whoever enters the room \u2013 even if their connection is terrible. You can\u2019t kick people out of your room. Don\u2019t even bother hitting the ready button if you have anyone in the \u2018red\u2019 connection zone. The game slows down to the point where it is almost unplayable.\nAlso there is a major problem with the way wins and losses are scored. If you go into someone\u2019s room and beat everyone, you likely will not get to continue playing. Once the host leaves, the game is over.\nOnce the host quits, a bigger problem is revealed. Once the host quits it\u2019s basically blind luck for who gets credit for a win. Often I will be on top of the points and leading the current event when the host quits. Yet I end up ranked 2nd or 3rd so it registers as a loss in my online rankings. This should never have been released with a simple bug like this. It doesn\u2019t affect the gameplay, but it certainly affects my overall feeling after playing. Hopefully this will be one of the few XBLA games to have an update.\nI still find it amazing that I used to think these old arcade graphics were good. They never seem to live up to my memory of the experience playing in the arcades. But as reality came crashing in, the fact is these are the real graphics.\nYou have the choice between the original graphics or enhanced graphics. The original graphics are almost disturbing. While faithful to the original game, having them blown up on my 50\u201d HDTV really shows the pixels in all their 256x224 glory.\nThankfully, Digital Eclipse did a nice job smoothing some things over and enhancing the graphics to make it a more palatable experience. The enhanced graphics smooth out the grass textures and make the smoke from the starter pistol and long jump landing look a lot nicer. They also smoothed out some player textures.\nAgain, you can choose between the original and enhanced versions. The original is what really brings back the memories. The \u201cenhanced\u201d is basically the same sounds with reverb/echo added so it sounds like you are in a stadium.\nOne item of note, the original arcade game had the theme from the film \u201cChariots of Fire\u201d by Vangelis. It is mysteriously absent from this port of Track & Field. I would assume we can once again chalk this one up to the high cost of music licensing. But oddly enough, they didn\u2019t even try to do some knockoff version.\nTrack and Field only costs 400 Microsoft Points (about $5), which is a great deal for some multi-player fun. There are 12 achievements available for 200 points. The vast majority of them can be easily unlocked during the course of playing the game. The most difficult achievement is \u201cPerfection\u201d where you must qualify on every individual attempt in the first 6 events.\nWhile you never really \u2018beat\u2019 the game, you get a free life every 100,000 points. So at some point you will find yourself with so many free lives that it becomes a chore to continue. After 5 rounds and 4 free lives, there was no end in sight for me. Once you get the patterns down, it\u2019s pretty easy to rip right through the entire six events without loosing.\nThe real fun is playing on Xbox Live or at home with friends. The multi-player competitive aspect of this game is unmatched for an arcade game. Just make sure you set some money aside to buy new controllers, as this game will cause damage.\nOverall I\u2019m very pleased with this game. It\u2019s faithful to the original while adding better graphics. While I certainly got my moneys worth, the shelf life on this is pretty limited. I\u2019m very competitive and have loved this game since I was in high school. This is one of the few XBLA games that I\u2019ve continued to play after the first week. But for most people, once you\u2019ve figured out the patterns to win there isn\u2019t a challenge.\nThe thing that will keep people coming back is the multi-player. This is a great party game, and as long as everyone has a decent connection, Xbox Live is always great fun even with the scoring issues.\nDespite the annoying glitches that remain from the original arcade version and new ones introduced on XBLA, Konami\u2019s Track and Field is still worth every penny. Hopefully this game will be a success and Konami\u2019s \u201cHyper Sports\u201d will be coming soon.", "t there a lot more apps to exploit the potential of this phone...\nAlso, i am particularly interested to know how to use the VOIP with this and some light on SIP...i have installed fring but havent been able to make VOIP calls thru wifi...i need to make calls to people in other countries....i am loving this phone and would be really grateful if someone could help me with these issues...\nP.S. i am witnessing a decline in the no. of posts by the early supporters of this device, namely 'deathunter' and '5730 xm user 'to name a few. It would be great if they could come out one last time and share their expertise.\nthis is the best mobile i have used..this mobile has got every thing i want....the QWERTY keypad is really great i use my mobile for surfing n chatting very much this keypad helps me alot..and screen is also big enough to play games..it also has n-gage gaming button which is plus point...i hve also signed some applications like..opera mini, nimbuzz, advance device lock, smart movie any more...these applications make my mobile complete....and battery level is also good...after using atlest 3 hrs a day for surfing and chatting and listening to music last for 3 days ... I will give 9.5 out of 10...\nundoubtedly, the best phone ever created...\n(for non-touchscreen phone users)\nI've been using this mobile for 2months now.. and i'm still loving it... i mean the appearance of the phone never runs out of charm... it still looks like i've bought it yesterday.. no fades in the keypad nor the D-pad. The qwerty keys are comfortable to use (when you are used to it - maybe after a week or two). The web surfing is zippy.. image quality is quite decent compared to other phones.. Symbian OS is still, for me, the best and most mature OS for mobile phones.. tons of applications can be installed because of the bundled 8gig.. i also used the 8gb mem card to save bunch of full 3gp and wmv format movies... Ngage games' graphics is delightful to the eyes and you actually get to have a free activation code (to activate a Ngage game) included in the retail package.. in terms of music, well i'm really satisfied when im using my earphones.. (the music playback isn't that loud when you use the loudspeaker though)...\nSome minor/tolerable problems:\n- sometimes it restarts by itself especially when you use too many applications all at the same time (369mhz processor only)\n- it has poor battery life... (1 and a half day with normal use; less than a day with supreme heavy use)\nover all... im loving this phone... 9/10\nShuvro, 15 Jun 2010I'm experiencing a problem with QWERTY keyboard. When i press and hold \"s\" it displa... morei'm also facing the same problem..and whn i press 'a' it appears 'q'.. N whn press 'q' it appears 'a'...but now im used to it.\ni want to buy this phone i dnt knw i buy or i dont i dont know what to buy\nMARIE, 22 Jun 2010Thanks. But does anybody know how many sms we can store in the phone memory ? Where could I fi... moreguys this phone is the best just hunt it down\nwarning the volume of song playback is not that loud\ndepends on your memory card actually\nMARIE, 20 Jun 2010How many sms can we store in the 5730 ? Is the sms storage unlimited thanks to memory card ? T... moreSMS is unlimited. recently i have about 4000++ sms stored in my memory card. you can choose to stored inside the phone or memory card\nfiles in the micro sd f ma 5730 gets corrupted :( is it a software deffect f this phone?\ni bought this phone. the camera quality is not very good. and i am not very comfortable with its keyboard.\ninstead of that it is a good phone.\nShuvro, 15 Jun 2010I'm experiencing a problem with QWERTY keyboard. When i press and hold \"s\" it displa... moreRegarding the NOKIA 5730 QWERTY keyboard problem, just update your firmware. Nokia already solved that problem through firmware update but still some other issue like poor camera quality, backlight problem, etc. are still occur. - AE", "How many employees does this business employ", "What essential items should you pack for a bare home during unpacking", "What is the name of the first football club in the world and when was it established", "ne changes that could lead to potentially skewed results, women can be more difficult subjects to study. This means experts \"literally know less about every aspect of female biology compared to male biology,\" Janine Austin Clayton, MD, associate director for research on women's health at the NIH, said to the New York Times. Especially in studying conditions such as migraines, where two-thirds of those affected regularly are in fact, women, having more data to study will only benefit us in the future.", "video games in isolation, however, revenues climbed from Y46.7bn to Y52.8bn. These were offset by declines in Konami's amusement, card games and online operations.\nPS3 software sales accounted for 28 per cent of Konami's total, followed by PSP (21 per cent), Wii (16 per cent), DS (15 per cent), Xbox 360 (12 per cent), PS2 (7 per cent) and PC (two per cent). This represents a gain on PS3, Xbox 360 and PSP but declines on all other platforms.\nUpcoming titles for the rest of Konami's financial year include PES 2011 3D (3DS) and Metal Gear Solid Snake Eater (3DS).", "What emotional themes do the text segments explore regarding personal experiences and relationships", "Japanese publisher Konami has reported a quarter of declines for the three months ending December 31st 2010.\nRevenue was down 1.4 per cent year-on-year at Y188,308m while operating income fell 50.6 per cent to Y16,541m. Net income was Y9,615m, down 9.5 per cent.\nHowever, this is a big improvement on last year's figures when operating income was down 50.6 per cent and net income down 40.4 per cent.\nDigital Entertainment revenue for the period hit Y97.9bn, down from Y100.4bn the year before. Operating income was down from Y16.4bn to Y13bn.\nLooking at computer and", "es. These involve\nthe use of heavy equipment and the quarry areas are dangerous,\nFor your own Safety and to avoid arrest for trespassing. Please, Stay Out!\n- Non-motorized vehicle access only.\n- If you\u2019re on a bike, Helmets are required.\n- Be respectful of the trails and to other trail users.\nBe safe, have fun and enjoy", "While our IT security vendors reduce exposure to malicious insiders and outsiders, our SAM portfolio has been selected to reduce exposure to the risks of day-to-day business \u2013 sprawling software inventories, poor visibility, and inefficient purchasing.\nAstute Licensing helps enterprises to end their licensing risks and stamp out the inefficiencies in the purchase and deployment of software. To date, the Astute platform has resulted in tens of millions of dollars o", "What reasons led to the abandonment of the SBInet initiative in January 2011", "What inspired Sir Robin Knox-Johnston to create the Clipper Race", "anto is the nation\u2019s leading developer of genetically modified plant seed. Taylor began his career with the FDA in 1976.]\nJill Stein, MD, former Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School, stated the following on Aug. 28, 2002, on her 2002 gubernatorial campaign website jillwill.org, on the page titled \"Labeling Food Accurately,\" available at www.web.archive.org:\n\"We can provide adequate warning labels for toxic contaminants in food and for genetically-modified ingredients. Consumers have a right to know what is in the food they are purchasing.\" Aug. 28, 2002 Jill Stein\nRon Paul, US Representative (R-TX), provided the following statement on Feb. 26, 2008, \"Genetically Engineered Food,\" available at vote-tx.org:\n\"The federal government lacks constitutional authority to mandate labeling of products containing genetically-modified food. Furthermore, those who do not wish to consume genetically-modified products should be leery of federally-mandated labeling because history shows that federal regulatory agencies are susceptible to 'capture,' where the regulators end up serving the interest of the business they are supposed to control. In the case of labeling, federal agencies could redefine the meaning of 'modified' to allow genetically-engineered food on the market without fully-informing consumers of the presence of genetically- engineered ingredients. Instead of federal regulation, consumers should demand that manufactures provide full information and refuse to buy those products that are not fully labeled. Once producers see there is a demand for non-genetically-engineered products they will act to fulfill that demand. Of course, makers of genetically-engineered food should be held legally responsible if they fraudulently market their products or harm anyone.\" Feb. 26, 2008 Ron Pau", "Why is there less understanding of female biology compared to male biology according to Dr. Janine Austin Clayton"]}