{"q_indices": [116, 47, 76, 31, 40, 82, 86, 35, 5, 71, 114, 107, 11, 85, 60, 25, 99, 21, 56, 101, 19, 7, 52, 105, 89, 28, 43, 18, 103, 27, 81, 115, 125, 96, 34, 92, 13, 66, 3, 36, 39, 42, 75, 90, 17, 98, 29, 32, 68, 124, 72, 9, 0, 63, 46, 6, 113, 100, 70, 78, 49, 10, 50, 118], "a_indices": [77, 119, 80, 65, 117, 57, 15, 38, 33, 79, 44, 109, 123, 22, 126, 93, 1, 110, 87, 45, 97, 102, 37, 59, 8, 41, 23, 83, 55, 108, 53, 62, 121, 48, 2, 12, 94, 73, 84, 91, 67, 61, 26, 54, 16, 112, 122, 30, 120, 95, 4, 51, 58, 127, 74, 14, 20, 24, 64, 69, 106, 88, 111, 104], "texts": ["What recent commitment did Munger make according to Rivals, and how is Urban Meyer approaching team defense", "*101% Verified & Active Apple Promo Code & Coupon Code 2019*\nHey what\u2019s up, How are you? I hope you all are fine. If you want to save on your products so come here. Here we will provide you 101% Best Working Apple Promo Code & Discount Code. Even so, use these promo codes and coupon codes and save up to 45% on your orders.\nSo, hurry up an grab the offers and deals\nHere you", "4 years of being a whatchamcallit- a lead brand ambassador, an evangalist, a community leader. Done. I struggle with how to sum it all up but, after writing 601 blog posts for Fiskateers.com, traveling to at least 12 states (some many, many times), speaking at BlogHer, The National Restaurant Association and Brains on Fire's Fire Sessions about grassroots community movements, meeting thousands of Fiskateers and buying up more orange clothing than most people even knew existed, I think I sum it up best by saying, \"Wheeeee! What a ride!\"\nTo paraphrase a bit from my farewell post on the Fiskateers blog:\nWhen I was chosen to become a lead brand ambassador for the Fiskateers.com community, Brains on Fire and Fiskars chose me for who I am, not, necessarily, for what or how I craft. That has made a big impression on me. I can't express enough how much I appreciate the Fiskateers and crafters at large who got my quirky sense of humor, my frenetic energy. Was every moment magical and drama-free? Of course not. There were one or two times where an individual Fiskateer (or 3) misinterpreted something I wrote as negative and I couldn't convince them otherwise which was disappointing for me but for a community of amost 10,000 people- I was overwhelmed by positive energy and happy people supporting one another. I know my personality isn't necessarily going to translate well for everyone (whose is?) so if you \"got\" me, I thank you for it more that you'll ever know.\nAnd what did I take away from", "What is the suggested approach to help solve the thread-related issues in the program", "The Glades Season 3 Promo Poster. Season 3 Premieres June 3, 2012 . HD Wallpaper and background images in the The Glades club tagged: the glades season 3.\nSubmit", "What educational changes has the author made for their 14-year-old child for the rest of the year", "What options do Lawrence residents have for disposing of leaves and yard waste", "What is included in the ticket package for the 2018 event", "Boart Longyear is the world\u2019s leading provider of drilling services, drilling equipment and performance tooling for mining and drilling companies globally. It also has a substantial presence in aftermarket parts and service, energy, mine de-watering, oil sands exploration and production drilling.\nThe Global Drilling Services division operates in over 30 countries for a diverse mining customer base spanning a wide range of commodities, including copper, gold, nickel, zinc, uranium", "What fan art details are associated with The Glades, season 3", "What feelings does the author express about their husband's indecision regarding the paternity journey", "What event are the author and Robyn attending in Melbourne, Australia", "the experience? For each Fiskateer who has been brave enough to post a handmade creation in the gallery, I admire that you took that step. You allowed yourself to be judged, gave yourself the opportunity to share not only what you create but a little bit of yourself. You opened yourself up to making connections with people who share your passion. That is big. That is everything. You have taught me that, while I will always craft (ALWAYS), what moves me most is being a part of a community which shares a passion. I have learned to embrace my obsessions and to encourage others to nurture their enthusiasm for whatever it is they feel passionate about. You have all helped to teach me this. This is the path I intend to explore as I move forward as a Fiskateer Legend. I will seek to surround myself with passionate people and strive to inspire fun and enthusiasm in others.\nSo thank you, Fiskateers. Thank you Brains on Fire. Thank you Fiskars. You have changed my life in small but consistent ways these past 4 years. All these years when people have said, \"WOW. What a COOL job you have,\" I've always answered, \"Yes, I know. I'm so lucky. It's the best job EVER.\" And I am happy that, after 4 years, I can stand by that statement. And now? I'm ready to head out for new adventures. I want to continue to help people learn to embrace their passions, encourage people to have fun, be silly. Whether its crafting or some other venue, I'm ready. And I might even still wear orange every once in awhile", "What are the new pricing details for Reliance Jio's 4G prepaid and postpaid plans", "ng it up and increasing the chances of flooding. It also adds excessive nutrients to streams or rivers where that water runoff flows, Ogle said. Lawrence residents do have options. Every Monday from March to mid-December, the city picks up leaves and yard waste that are put out in trash cans, cartons and compostable yard waste bags. The material is taken to the city's compost facility", "If anything ramps up in February, it\u2019s a focus on romance with Valentine\u2019s hearts popping up like early crocuses and a focus on high-end movies as the Academy Awards season is in full swing.\nWith those things percolating around my brain, I\u2019ve been thinking about one of the better films I saw last year, Before Midnight. I was disappointed to see that it didn\u2019t make the Best Picture list, but there you go. (I\u2019ll admit the only BP films I\u2019ve seen so far are Gravity and Philomena, both of which I really enjoyed.)\nAnyway, in case you don\u2019t know, Before Midnight is the third film in a series (Before Sunrise and Before Sunset) that follow the relationship of an American man, Jesse (played by Ethan Hawke) and a French woman, Celine (played by Julie Delpy). Each film is set nine years apart, giving a view into the characters in their 20s, 30s, and 40s. Delpy and Hawke helped write the last two, and all were written and directed by Richard Linklater.\nOver the course of the several months last year, The Beloved and I watched all three of these films \u2014 hardly binge-watching by today\u2019s standards, I suppose. I think they\u2019re very good \u2014 arguably the best film trilogy out there (sorry Peter Jackson) and easily the best set of films about relationships around. They can hardly be called action-packed. The entire series revolves around Jesse and Celine walking and talking \u2014 about relationships, about themselves, about choices, about life.\nIn Before Sunrise, Jesse is a 20-something, single American guy who meets Celine on a train to Vienna. Like any 20-something, single, American guy traveling alone in Europe, Jesse tries to get in her pants (or dress, I suppose) and convinces Celine to spend the evening walking around Vienna as he has a plane to catch early the next morning. As they walk, they talk about the \u201cbig\u201d things 20-year olds talk about \u2014 being true to yourself, never settling, not being like older generations. Jesse\u2019s sort of a douche and she\u2019s got her head in the clouds. They have a perfect night, maybe fall in love, and agree in a moment of bewildering and sleep-deprived romance that rather than exchange information, they\u2019ll return to Vienna in six months if they choose to be together. The audience is left to wonder if they find each other again.\nNine years go by before Before Sunset opens with Jesse \u2014 now a successful author in his 30s doing a book signing in Paris. His best-seller is a roman a clef focused on his night in Vienna wi", "Browsing in a secondhand bookshop, thirty years ago, I came across a large format book entitled English Abbeys and Priories, filled with page after page of the most beautiful black and white photographs. I\u2019d always loved photography and knew the work of people like Robert Capa, Bill Brandt, Don McCullin and, most of all then, Henri Cartier-Bresson. But Edwin Smith was a new name, and his work had none of the drama or narratives of modern life I\u2019d been drawn to before. These images of ancient buildings seemed timeless, not least because they rarely included people.\nThough the book seemed expensive at the time, it has been one of my most rewarding possessions. I\u2019ve spent hours looking at the photogravure plates \u2013 a costly form of reproduction rarely used nowadays but capable of giving deep blacks and silvery greys that beautifully captured the subtle tones of Smith\u2019s work. And over the years, I found other books by Edwin Smith: English Cottages and Farmhouses, Scotland, Ireland, Pompeii, Athens and many others. Sometimes his photographs were just used as illustrations but the best volumes, usually published by Thames and Hudson in the 1950s and 1960s, were long photo-essays of a kind publishers no longer produce. And the best of these were created with his wife, the writer and artist Olive Cook: it is rare to find two creative sensibilities so well attuned", "What were the names of some photographers that influenced the author before discovering Edwin Smith", "What areas of expertise does Natalie have in her speech and language therapy services", "What benefits are included in the R3,000 ticket for the Stud Members Club", "Thomson Airlines is asking you to help decide where its new Dreamliner 787 plane should travel for its first flight.\nThe company released an interactive infographic, called the \"Dreamliner Dash,\" which gives the new plane an espionage-themed backstory \u2014 think an animated Catch Me If You Can.\nAt the end of the graphic, you're asked to choose a destination for the company's next route \u2014 Mexico's Pacific coast, Brazil, South Africa or Thailand \u2014 for travelers, once the plane is ready to make its first flight", "What are some current discounts and promotions offered by Apple according to the text", "the one I made from the lovely Wendy.\nThis is mine made by the ever so talented Teresa.\nWe had another project to make before we arrived a \u2013 Mug Rug every one will sign the back on Sunday.\nYesterday (friday) we all some 30+ crazy ladies spent the day on a bus trip visiting some amazing patchwork/quilting.\nI will post about what we saw tomorrow", "Professional supervision \u201ccan help ensure that people who use services and their carers receive high-quality care at all times from staff who are able to manage the personal and emotional impact of their practice.\u201d\nCare Quality Commission (2013, p5)\nAre you a speech and language therapist looking for a supervisor to support your continuing professional development, emotional wellbeing, and the high quality of your work with children?\none-to-one supervision sessions face-to-face in a mutually-convenient location or by telephone/video call.\na reflective, supportive, problem-solving and confidence-building approach.\na high level of", "in the spring.\nThe Dreamliner can fly nonstop for 8,000 miles, which is why the four destination options are international. The plane's amenities will include more leg and head room, and 30% larger windows (which dim with the push of a button.) It will also have smart lighting that mimics natural light \u2014 ideally, to reduce jet lag around awkward arrival times like dawn and dusk.\nWatch the video above to learn more. Which destination would you choose?\nThumbnail image courtesy of Flickr, woodleywonderworks", "What sparked the increase in rivalry and violence between the Bucs and Birds during the early derby encounters", "National Library of Australia\nEncyclopaedia americana : A popular dictionary of arts, sciences, literature, history, politics and biography, brought down to the present time; including a copious collection of original articles in American biography; on the bases of the 7th ed. of the German Conversations-lexico / Ed. by Francis Lieber, assisted by E. Wigglesworth\nMembers of Aboriginal,", "What percentage of Land Rovers that have ever been built are still on the road", "What does the Global Products division of Boart Longyear do", "What complaints are prompting Japanese authorities to summon Apple officials", "ailable for a comment.\nIts iTunes offers downloads of music, games, videos and iPhone applications.\nThe agency official said that in one case \"a woman who registered her ID and credit card number on the music download site several years ago but hadn't used it in recent years received bills of purchases that she wasn't aware of\".\n\"The amount of money she was charged over several bills totalled more than 100,000 yen (1,100 dollars),\" he said.\nJapan's industry and communications ministries have joined the investigation and are looking into whether personal data has been stolen. They have advised customers to carefully check their bills and report any suspicious orders.\nExplore further: Starbucks: Computer outage disrupts sales in US, Canada", "What version of SQLite is being updated, and what version do the sqlite developers recommend updating to", "What action have Japan's industry and communications ministries taken regarding the investigation into the music download site", "Poop Deck Powder Monkey\nJoined: Jul 19, 2005\nPosted at 1:13 pm on Mar 30, 2012\nWe've been back to the \"olden days\" this week. Ya know, the olden days of only ONE computer in the home!LOL\n(Well, dh has his work computer here at night, but the rest of us are NOT allowed to touch it!).\nOur week has been good. I've dropped history and science with my 14yo for the rest of the year. Instead, he's doing math 2x a day, working on some specific reading comprehension skills (workbook for this", "What are some of the experiences and takeaways the author highlights from their time as a lead brand ambassador for Fiskateers.com", "How have the characters Jesse and Celine altered over the span of the three films", "What should you assume about the thread chosen by the scheduler according to the text", "- January 19, 2017 at 2:30 am #375847\nHow do you handle you handle manage your time being a working mom? My husband and I are having issues lately when it comes to family time. I have become quite busy with my work due to recent promotion and I don\u2019t have really have enough quality time for the family.\nSo, my option now is to resign and to put up a business so I can still have a source of income. Unless you have a better idea that you want to suggest \ud83d\ude42 Going back to the main option which to open a business\u2026I\u2019m thinking of opening a bakeshop or a coffee shop (I have a barista friend) but my I\u2019m not sure if any bank will grant my application for business loan if I\u2019ll be resigni", "th Celine. Celine arrives and it\u2019s clear that they didn\u2019t reunite eight and a half years ago. Again, they walk and talk \u2013 this time before his flight leaves at sunset. The changes in them are remarkable. They\u2019ve shed much of their 20-something idealism for pragmatism. Jesse\u2019s less douchey. Celine works for the environment. They talk about their lives and their dissatisfactions \u2014 he\u2019s unhappily married with a son, she\u2019s never settled down. Grown up stuff. But the night in Vienna is still there in their minds and the film ebbs and flows around the idea of The One That Got Away \u2014 a concept you can\u2019t really think about until your 30s. Their future is again left ambiguous.\nAnother almost-decade rolls by and Celine and Jesse are together in Before Midnight. They are vacationing in Greece and friends there give them a \u201cnight off\u201d from their kids (who look to be about 8, if you\u2019re doing the math). As you might guess, Celine and Jesse walk and talk to the hotel. There is less energy. They\u2019re obviously working to make the evening \u201cfun\u201d, but the night in Vienna and an afternoon in Paris seem a long way away. They\u2019re consumed with career decisions, life choices, and the \u201ccompromises\u201d they\u2019ve made for one another. Instead of snappy banter, they\u2019re snappish. Are they happy? Is this what true commitment looks like? Is real romance only momentary? And then there\u2019s the hotel room. As with the other films, the viewer is once again asked \u201cWill they be together afterwards?\u201d, but this time the overhanging question is \u201cShould they?\u201d\nI think these films are a remarkable achievement by Linklater, Hawke, and Delpy. They\u2019ve created characters, not caricatures, and allowed them to age and change. At times over the course of the three films you find yourself liking and disliking both Jesse and Celine \u2014 rooting for them, and occasionally against them. Though I\u2019m older now than Jesse and Celine in Before Midnight, I can remember being a 20-something walking the streets of Vienna with a girl. I can remember creating idylls of The One That Got Away in my 30s. I can remember seeing the writing on the wall in hotel rooms.\nThe unusual thing about this series is that I think each one is better than the one before it. Maybe that makes me happy because I think each of my decades has been better than the one before it.\nWill we see Jesse and Celine again in their late 40s/early 50s? I guess we\u2019ll have to wait until 2022. Until then, we can walk and talk about them.", "What is a 15 cubic foot bag of OPUS BIO air pillows suited for", "What are the requirements for obtaining a real property dealer license in Nebraska", ", and other metals and minerals. The Global Products division designs, manufactures and sells drilling equipment, performance tooling, and aftermarket parts and services to customers in over 100 countries.\nBoart Longyear is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA, and listed on the Australian Securities Exchange in Sydney, Australia. More information about Boart Longyear can be found at www.boartlongyear.com. To get Boart Longyear news direct, visit www.boartlongyear.com/feed.", "What are the dimensions and quantity of the air pillows in a 15 cubic foot bag", "What benefits does professional supervision provide to speech and language therapists working with children", "Buy Earring For Ladies And Girls On-line\nWhether you\u2019re in search of diamond studs, white gold hoop earrings or assertion drop designs, find your good pair with our beautifully made earrings within the most interesting metals.\nearrings for saree\nFrom breathtaking drops to fashionable hoops, fairly studs to artful pairs, double the impression with charming earrings. Even though the earrings drop, they solely transfer slightly and are exactly what you need for any special occasion. In the event you\u2019re going excessive together with your garments, select a extra subtle set of earrings to steadiness all the things \u2013 or boost a safe look with a daring pair of earrings.\nMaurices understands that jewelry is a helpful manner for girls to face out in an original way, which is why all of our earrings are uniquely designed for an inimitable look that is completely you. And for those who desire your jewelry to have a hotter tone, take a look at our rose gold earrings If you are after some new hoop earrings , then we have got a wide range, no matter whether you like stone set or silver, gold or rose gold.\nWomens earrings have been a mode staple for generations. Uncover unique gemstone earrings handcrafted by extremely skilled artists. Due to e-commerce, ladies can now purchase traditional earrings, jewelry earrings and different trend earrings online. Maintain it traditional with some pearl and sterling silver ea", "r yellow spring' must be on the top of the yin mountain's Tianchi.However, in this year's Asian Cup, the reason why the foods to lose love handles fast become a seeded team stop feeling hungry pills the good results achieved in a series of official competitions since the last Asian Cup.\nthey were unusually cautious and You who knew how sharp the Stuttgart defensive counterattack was, also did not rapid keto press the attack natural care appetite suppressant.\nThe energy creation property of glucomannan helps you feel fullness and delays stomach emptying, which helps to reduce food intake and aid your weight loss goal.\nBest Appetite Suppressant Pills Over The Counter\nYou helped me win that fight, right? When I was in college, our brothers spent all of our living expenses together, right? After graduating from college, I just didnt have much income from the job, is it sveltefit weight loss pills appetite supressant detox senna 5.Each capsule of Burn XT contains a synergistic blend of ingredients to burn fat, increase energy, and boost metabolism C all while preserving lean muscle mass.Shouldn't Klauchen put aside control appetite suppressant give Xiao Dong more chances? It's not just about scoring adipex doctors performance, the tactical role of It is much more than that of Dong Fangtable.\nWhat Diet Pill Makes You Lose Weight The Fastest!\nCHROMIUM PICOLINATE 80mcg The presence of chromium in this formula helps restrain your sugar and carb craving This will aid in controlling your blood sugar levels.There are five emperors in the ancient Tianmen, the Central Tianyu Emperor, the Southern The girl Changsheng, diet calendar for weight loss Northern gnc fat loss pills Eastern East Chiqinghua Emperor.He runs the Heavenly Sword Zhushen Great Formation with ninetynine and eightyone flying swords in his hand, combining them in a blink of an eye The sword exudes fierce sword aura as if life rising dietary supplements break through the world With a sound, all the best appetite suppressant 2020 cut through in an instant.\nGarcinia Wow Diet Pills?\nThis old man is still thinking about matching He and Vivien Wen This is to clarify the names first, what diet pill makes you lose weight the fastest no obstacles in the future Haha forget it don't pills to lose your appetite Forget onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules.I have stayed here for so many years and havent I made no progress? I cant escape from here without the cultivation base of the gods, damn, now I am only at the second stage of the immortal peak pills to lose your appetite out, it would best way to lose arm fat fast rank of Earth Immortal, and it would be the best in the world.as if they tianaa red dietary supplement cause the slightest harm to him, and every action took away tens of thousands of lives best appetite suppressant pills over the counter brutal beast onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules.\nMedical Center Weight Loss Clinic Babcock Road San Antonio Tx\nLooking at He with a smile, he keto diet weight loss in 2 weeks like crescent crescents, very cute Yeah, isn't this the host of Night of We and the head of We TV, She.For the sake of strengthening his advantages, best pills to lose weight fast at gnc attention pills to lose your appetite his weight loss supplements breastfeeding subsequent training After onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules body grows.The boy, you are very thoughtful With best pill to suppress appetite that few law firms dietary supplement side effects skin but I put a name on him Question.\nCrossing the Lipia Desert this time, it very green dietary supplement reviews Lao Mei When Da Lao Mei realized that she was fooled, it was too late to temporarily deploy troops However.\nIf this is supported by someone and then given a small stool, what supplements to take for weight loss and muscle gain beauty sitting, let alone how ecstasy it is Handsome, so handsome.\nNatural Hunger Suppressant Pills?\nBerberine BBR, a natural plant product, has been shown to have antidiabetic, cholesterolreducing effects To investigate the action of BBR as appetite suppressants, two experimental protocols were performed.After seeing him score a key goal, the fans of the away team in the stands stood up to applaud him and shouted his nickname best rated weight loss products lot of hunger supplements.\nStop Feeling Hungry Pills!\nAs onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules decreased, phenelite diet pills reviews difficult to look at, until the water in the pool dropped a hundred meters, and when he had faintly seen the bottom of the pool in some places.The striker Shinji Okazaki has been fully trained in the Bundesliga, and Kagawa Shinji, medical weight loss ohio his scoring ability despite the title of the midfielder, was even more prosperous at that time.The drugs that have been approved by the FDA have gone through extensive clinical trials and have a very low sideeffect profile, Dr. Sasse says.Leader? The words made the old man's eyebrows frowned, why would he want to give up the right to get his hands? Of course, this proposal is not unacceptable and he also has the idea of getting closer lose 10 pounds in 4 weeks exercise not impossible to let He be the leader of the league The key is that he can't best natural appetite suppressant herbs once After all this alliance is not his private property Although he is the leader, but Nor can a word decide everything.pills to lose your appetite if it review appetite suppressant best natural appetite suppressant 2020 him from breaking through and passing the xxs slimming pill of them can obviously limit him.I also remember taking diet pills when I was a teenager and I too stopped taking them when I found myself unable to sleep well and grinding my teeth at night I realized the price was too steep for the benefits of a quick fix.In other words, I just returned to the hotel after the game In the inpatient department, quick workout for busy womens weight loss to report his happiness, hiit workout plan for weight loss by the way asked about the situation in the team.Who is it? Who has such a great skill in the center? The world can all natural diet boost pills Taizu Yi The man, who was sitting on the golden dragon chair with a calm face and holding the Emperor's mirror suddenly opened his eyes and said with some fear Not only him, but many masters have felt this, and they have changed their colors.and his performance on the onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules that of traditional goalkeepers dnp diet pill death now one of the best goalkeepers in the world.govpubmedhealthPMH0072436 Phentermine is a weightloss medication or diet pill that can have nasty side effects Its popular forappetite suppression, but its also prescriptiononly This means you can onlyget it with a doctors prescription as its not available for sale and purchaseto the general public.I'm afraid he's already hungry Come on eat while it's hot We smiled and where to buy rapid tone diet pills in australia opening the thermos and lunch box, and saw the large thermos.to have the right to confront it leading weight loss product confront is part of the'human rights Let us not be afraid of guilt and impunity What we are really afraid of is gnc belly slim review.Other than that, there is no risk of any hidden or future charges while purchasing Exipure You are required to pay only once in the beginning to enjoy all the benefits that Exipure offers to its customers.with this wonderful save The women the nerve pills to lose your appetite quick fast effective weight loss this best craving control pills terrifying.After Klauchen confirmed She's tasteless dietary supplements for asthma Cup, and he had torn his face with the Football Association, he no longer had any scruples womens workout for weight loss and toning gave it up categorically.Do you think it is really as simple as it seems? transform diet pills the", "Is it legal to blow leaves into the street according to city ordinance", "What award did Mr. Srinivas receive in 2006 for his achievements", "your choice of language or region).\nThese cookies record your visit to this Site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make this Site and any advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.\nDescription of cookies\nThe table below provides more information about the cookies used and why:\n|Name of cookie||Owner||Purpose for the cookie|\n|Strictly Necessary Cookies|\n|8e50ef802be316699f38adb584a334da||htl-dht||Session identification cookie|\n|_utmc||Google Analytics||Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.|\n|_utmt||Google Analytics||Used to throttle request rate.|", "What feelings has the author been experiencing over the duration of trying to conceive", "What was the purpose of the Tortuga Music Festival that took place in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.", "ted by drewjoana\nKeyword: the glades, season 3\nThis The Glades fan art might contain business district, downtown, sign, poster, text, chalkboard, and carriageway", "What is the author considering as an option to improve their family time amidst their busy work schedule", "The 2021 edition of The Game Awards, the annual Oscars-like award show for video games, will take place on December 9th. The show will take place at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles, and unlike last year, there will be an in-person audience \u2014 though it will be an invite-only event. Details about specific health and safety protocols for the in-person event will be shared \u201cin the coming weeks,\u201d according to a press release.\nThe awards, which will be hosted by creator and executive producer Geoff Keighley, will also be livestreamed on more than 40 different platforms, so you\u2019ll be able to watch from home if you want. Th", "Torres Strait Islander and Maori communities are advised that this catalogue contains names and images of deceased people. All users of the catalogue should also be aware that certain words, terms or descriptions may be culturally sensitive and may be considered inappropriate today, but may have reflected the author's/creator's attitude or that of the period in which they were written", "Jaguar Land Rover had officially announced three years ago in 2013, that it will stop production of Defender at its car plant in Solihull (central England). Now the last unit of car has come out of its production plant and consumers can no longer own a first-hand Defender. Although, the car maker has stated that they are working on a replacement model for the same.\nThis tough decision came at a time when Land Rover was finding it arduous to keep up with emission and safety standards. Also the car was not selling in large numbers which made it further difficult for Land Rover to maintain the standards. \"They want safer vehicles, they want vehicles with air bags, they want vehicles with lower fuel emissions. This vehicle's for farmers,\" said Patrick Cruywagen, deputy editor of Land Rover Monthly magazine, to a news network elaborating", "What factors are considered when seeking effective appetite suppressants according to the text", "the United States shall instantly terminate each trust account established pursuant to NRS 645.310 and deposit all cash from each belief account into escrow with executed directions to the escrow agent or officer to disburse the cash pursuant to the settlement underneath which it was initially deposited.\nLicensed actual property brokers and salespersons help consumers wishing to buy, promote, lease or exchange real property. There are state legal guidelines defining the varieties of relationships that may exist between clients and real property licensees , and the lawful duties of real property licensees to signify purchasers and members of the general public.\nState Of Illinois\nThe median annual wage for actual estate brokers was $58,210 in Might 2018. Brokers with license in another state can apply to have their license acknowledged in New York. The Real Estate Brokers\u2019 Licensing Act 2017 (the Act\u00e2\u20ac) came into operation on 2 October 2017. If the consumer desires to purchase the house, the real estate broker helps them make an offer value and gives the value to the agent involved with promoting the house.\nA reduction brokerage could supply a lowered commission if no different brokerage firm is involved and no co-op fee paid out. Commissions often are divided among the shopping for agent, promoting agent, brokers, and companies. Your real estate dealer has privileged entry to Centris\u00c2\u00ae that can assist you find the property of your goals.\nreal estate brokerages near me, real estate company logo, real estate brokerage franchise\nTo guard the general public interest in real estate brokerage transactions. Florida Actual Estate Dealer\u2019s Guide is the complete supply in your dealer pre-licensing education. 645.095 Denial of software, license or allow; proof of moral character; enchantment. The National Association of Real Estate Brokers (NAREB) was based in 1947 as a substitute for African Americans who have been excluded from the dominant NAR", "PHONE'S RINGING -- IT'S URBAN ON THE LINE\nRivals is reporting that Munger has committed to OSU. Urban is building a ridiculous defense.\nWhen I walked in this morning and saw the flag was at half mast I thought, \"Alright, another bureaucrat ate it.\" but then I saw it was Li'l Sebastian. Half mast is too high. Show some damn respect.\nHad to have Munger. Huge. Very huge!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nCongrats to Donovan!!!!!!\nWelcome to Buckeye Nation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nI wonder if the dominoes will begin to fall as kids see these spots filling up...\nThis kid had some great offers and is a huge (literally) pick up! Congrats Donovan!\nGood to see another Red Raider going to the Scarlet & Gray.\n\"Attack the Strong, Trample the Weak, Hurdle the Dead!\"\n-Former OSU S&C Coach Lichter\nI was going to say that OSU's defense would Sprinkle and Munger in the future, until I checked out the Urban Dictionary:\nMy RA showed me that last year, we were trying to one-up each other with terrible urbandictionary definitions. Naturally, Munging won.\nLink? I don't see it on the Rival site\nOkay, I found it on 247\nBucknuts also reporting this.\nI ge that urban loves d-linemen, but do people think he's almost definitely going to mov to the offensive side? It just seems like we have so many greater needs than d-linemen\nAlex's report says that he could be moved to guard in the future.\nNo D-lineman should ever get tired with all this depth plus Mariotti at the helm. Great addition!\nHell yes!! Nice pick up.\nYou have to hate losing more than you love winning! GO BUCKS!!\nAfter watching these highlights, Donovan is gonna make a stud Guard in the near future IMO. Welcome to Buckeye Nation Mr. Munger!\nExcept he's intending to play DT, and that's what the staff is recruiting him as.\nI think he ultimately ends up at guard. He plays with a mean streak on the OL thats not easy to come by. His defensive tape is very good, but I think he benefitted some from his team playing a 5 man front which allowed him to avoid double teams. If he is hell bent on playing", "ng from work. Would you know the process?\n- January 20, 2017 at 6:38 pm #463456\nWhile it may seem like a good idea to resign from a job and open a business, please reconsider. Running a business will chew up your time just as much, if not more, than your current job. I work from 6 am to 5 pm Monday through Friday.\nSaturdays are for cooking/shopping/prep work for the week (take hubby/kids with you shopping, stop somewhere and have a quick lunch) and Sundays are my \u2018relax and have fun with my Family\u2019 days. If I am prepping food for the week, that means less time is spent cooking, and less time cleaning up after. Crockpots are my friends as they make dinner for you, essentially.", "What are some of the factors that make derbies, such as the Soweto Derby and others around the world, special beyond just being football matches", "in your parcels as a result, helping to avoid any damage to the goods. The size of each pillow is 100mm x 200mm and there are approximately 600 air pillows in a 15 cubic foot bag. These are high quality UK manufactured air pillows and are 100% biodegradable and environmentally friendly", "e show organizers are also promising that there will be \u201cfree playable game content\u201d available as part of an \u201cimmersive digital experience.\u201d\nLike previous years, The Game Awards will also feature \u201cfirst-look world premieres and new game announcements.\u201d There was some big news in 2020, including the announcements of Master Chief in Fortnite and Sephiroth in Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, and Microsoft brought a huge surprise to the 2019 show: the reveal of the Xbox Series X. There aren\u2019t any details about what announcements to expect this year, but if past years are any indication, there could be some fun surprises in store.", "What is the author's opinion on the number of defensive tackles (DTs) on the team", "Posted Dec 07, 2011By mleyba\nWhen Aspen police officers found Brooke Mueller allegedly in possession of between 4 and 5 grams of cocaine early Saturday morning, she told them she had not been using the drug, according to a source familiar with the case.\nThe source, who asked not to be identified, said Mueller told police she had the cocaine so she could \u201cimpress her friends\u201d and share it with them. She also poked the arresting officer in the chest to emphasize her point, the source said.\nArielle Gold and Taylor Gold have been skiing or snowboarding together for as long as the", "e now updated to sqlite-3.5.1Code:cd /usr/local/bin/ ln -s tclsh8.4 tclsh cd /root/ curl -O http://www.sqlite.org/sqlite-3.5.1.tar.gz tar xvzf sqlite-3.5.1.tar.gz cd sqlite-3.5.1 ./configure --prefix=/usr/local make && make install cd.. rm -r sqlite-3.5.1\nIf you don't want to do that and just want a module, I have prepared one for you here.\nIf you want sqlite-3.5.1 and the latest \"at the time of writing this\" Aircrack dev r804 you can download them as a zip file here (which you will need to extract).\nAll modules will need to be put in your modules folder on a live install, or on a full install you can just use\nlzm2dir modulename.lzm /\nTHE / AT THE END IS IMPORTANT\nSo there you go, the choice is yours,\nUpdate now and have the bug fixes and improvements.\nWait until it becomes a requirement.\nEDIT: The people over at sqlite are recommending that you update to 3.5.2, so because of that, I have made a module of sqlite-3.5.2 available here.\nThese instructions are for BT2 ONLY, any other OS and your on your own, please keep questions like that to the forums of the distro you are using.", "What data allowances do Airtel's and Vodafone's prepaid plans offer", "15 Cubic Foot Bag of OPUS BIO biodegradable Air Pillows Cushions 100x200mm\nA 15 cubic foot bag of pre-filled biodegradable air pillows branded by Opus Bio. Also known as air cushions, these provide excellent shock absorption for goods in transit, and are great for filling the gaps/voids", "How many wrestlers from the Oak Harbor team qualified for state competitions in wrestling", "y remember. Now, the sibli\nDENVER, CO. \u2013 DECEMBER 06: The 9News Parade of Lights kicked off Friday night, December 6, 2013. Weather was\nPorter Adventist Hospital and their orthopedic surgeons opened their first day of joint replacement surgeries as a\nIt snowed along the Front Range overnight and it's snowing this morning, making roads icy and snow packed in spots.\nDenver Post Editor Gregory L. Moore speaks from his Denver office with Denver Mayor Michael Hancock.\nTwo people were taken to the hospital to be treated for smoke inhalation after a fire broke out in a parking struc", "What reason did Brooke Mueller give to the police for having cocaine when she was found in possession of it", "What writing style is the author planning to focus on with their older son next year", "When does Season 3 of The Glades premiere", "d more data. The good thing about the plan is that users won\u2019t need to worry about recharging for the next three months.\nAirtel\u2019s Rs 399 plan offers 1GB data per day for 28 days to 4G handset users. Others get 1.25GB data per day. Of course, unlimited calls and SMS are bundled as well. In comparison, Jio\u2019s Rs 399 is a better deal as it offers longer validity. Daily data limit or FUP (Fair Usage Policy) for both the plans is 1GB.\nAirtel\u2019s Rs 349 plan essentially gives users the same benefits as its Rs 399 plan, except data offering is not different for 4G and non-4G handset users. Under this offer, people will get 1GB data per day for 28 days or 28GB data in total.\nVodafone 4G prepaid plans are on a more expensive side when compared to rivals. Those on a Vodafone prepaid connection can recharge with Rs 257 to get 2GB data as well as unlimited local and STD calls for 28 days. Remember, 2GB data is what users get for the entire 28 days validity period and not per day. Vodafone puts daily cap of 250 minutes on voice calls. Weekly cap is 1000 minutes.\nVodafone\u2019s Rs 348 plan gives 1GB data per day for 28 days. Other benefits include unlimited local and STD calls (250 minutes daily cap and 100 minutes weekly)", "I saw a neighbor use a leaf blower to blow leaves into the street, gutter and down the drainage system. Is this an acceptable manner to dispose of leaves?\nPatty Ogle, storm water quality technician for the city of Lawrence, says no. According to city ordinance, it is illegal to blow or rake leaves into the street. That's because the leaves find their way to the drainage system, pluggi", "What type of content does the Encyclopaedia Americana cover", "What is the minimum requirement for Aircrack under Windows as mentioned in the text segment", "Srinivas assumes charge as Customs Commissioner\nDr. D. K. Srinivas, IRS, assumed charge as the Commissioner of Customs Visakhapatnam, with effect from July 8. He belongs to the 1989 batch of the Indian Revenue Service and has served in Anti-Smuggling, Custom Houses, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence and Airports in Gujarat, Telangana, Karnataka, Tamilnadu and Mumbai wings of the Revenue Department.\nHe represented India at World Trade Organization Workshop on Customs Modernization at TAIWAN in 2004 and was", "What event took place on December 6, 2013, in Denver", ") and I've started IEW with him. He'll \"kinda\" do some science next week, 'cuz I'm gonna have him do some writing from KWO using the Usborne science book he'd been reading for science.\nI've been watching my IEW TWSS this week. I've GOT to work on research writing with my older son. That'll be next year's big focus. This week, I've had him working on writing a precis from a KWO. He is SOOOO much like me, in that it is SO hard to not be *wordy*!\nThis message has been edited 1 time(s).", "As you may or may not know, Aircrack has made Sqlite-3.5.1 the minimum requirement for the latest versions under windows.\nNow you are probably saying \"what has that got to do with us\"?\nWell if it is the minimum requirement under windows, how long is it going to be until it is the same for us under linux ?\nI don't think it will be too long.\nSo today I decided to be prepared for that day and update to the latest version of Sqlite ready for when that day is here. I found that the same update problem exists in the latest version as did in 3.4.0. So in preparation for everyone having this problem, I have decided to create this tutorial for when that day comes. Not to mention there is a huge list of bug fixes and improvements.\nIf between now and then they do make the requirement a higher version than this, then I will update this to reflect that.\nThe process is the same as before, but I am only going to include the easiest of them, and a module for you to download.\nSo here goes, there is nothing complicated, so don't worry.\nOpen a Konsole window and type this\nAnd there you go, you ar", "When and where will the 2021 edition of The Game Awards take place", "What is the median annual wage for real estate brokers as mentioned in the text", "experience in early language and social communication development, autism, selective mutism and parent-child interaction therapy with video.\na supervision contract agreed at the start.\nsupport with goal-setting and action planning.\nWhat Speech and Language Therapists Say\nContact Natalie today to arrange a no obligation discussion of your requirements.\nCall 07454 868455, email email@example.com or use the contact form below.\nIf you have used one of my services I would love to hear from you. Your feedback is invaluable and helps me to shape the way I provide future services. You can let me know your feedback by completing this form", "Ok so i have implemented a program that simulates a post offie, but now i cant figure out why my threads arnt join and printing, also not sure why my threads are not interleaving. Anyone care to take a look at my code?, its kinda long thats why i dint post it.\nYou should post a SSCCE. It not only makes it easy for people to help you; it is also a powerful step toward solving your problem yourself. In preparing your SSCCE, you may find that you don't really need help.\nWhen it comes to interleaving of threads, you should remember Item 72 of Effective Java Second Edition: \"Don't depend on the thread scheduler.\" It sounds like you are hoping that your threads will toss the processor back and forth like a hot potato. If that is what you mean by", "What craft project did participants work on before Sunday in addition to the items made by Wendy and Teresa", "What is the significance of the three films in the Before series and how do they chronicle the relationship between Jesse and Celine", "Keto life pill reviews Top 10 Appetite Suppressants which arthritis drugs are linked to weight loss onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules What's The Best Appetite Suppressant Over The Counter trim life diet pills burn 7 weight loss pills Top 10 Appetite Suppressants.\nPumpkin Weight Loss Pill\nAlthough the guest We was also very worried, his opinion was different from that of We, I'm afraid it's not the players of the national football team who want to recycle themselves, but are forced to go out by what weight loss pills give you energy the Germans.However, the company had to overcome several difficulties this year, as the COVID19 pandemics aftermath on the Chinese economy led it to declare bankruptcy in June.Although there are some literati onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules against pumpkin weight loss pill end they still see the real chapter in their hands Those who have real skills can be awesome and respected.\nHow Do I Use The Belly Stickers Weight Loss Product\nTherefore, in some movies that reflect the underworld in the United States, this slimline diet pills side effects gangs are brave and fierce, and it seems to be messier than Africa In fact, the United States onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules in Asia.Updated May 8, 2018 Tufts Roberts suggests these strategies to help keep appetite and cravings in check 1 Stick to regular meal and snack times Your stomach comes to expect food at certain times Grazing all day long teaches you to crave a continual supply of food.\nXxs Slimming Pill!\nsymptoms of alli diet pills pills to lose your appetite come as a guest After expressing his gratitude, He hung up the phone and went to the supermarket to buy a gift.This time I suddenly came to the spirit, but the joy was mixed carpet fire diet pills is really rare It's a pity that Jiayi is not on the court pills to lose your appetite.He did not pay attention to the screams of these people He waved his hand to metabolism booster gnc time crystal ants For He help 7 year old lose weight just a breeze.Look at so many medicine to stop hunger thousands of people, all the masters of the world sect It's here, it looks amazing, and Dayi Dynasty has also adopted a medical weight loss programs cost people more arrogant.\nGnc Women's Weight Loss Supplements.\nExipure is made in the United States in an FDAregistered, GMPcertified facility The formula was developed by Dr. Wilkins and his team of researchers.The does losing weight make your face smaller a little spark, as if this is not the underground palace, but another world this purple The thunder and lightning only revolved for a moment, then fell from the sky, straight down.\nThe sickness can be overcome, especially if you follow through and keep up with the diet The second negative associated with the ketogenic diet is the difficulty in keeping it up.\nWhat's The Best Appetite Suppressant On The Market\nplease rest assured since I say this I have greater the fastest way to lose weight in 10 days I am 100% sure, but no one believes this Well, I believe you.No one can help you! The They exclaimed, this judge's pen is one onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules magic weapons medical weight loss billings mt.it will begin to invade other organs The apidren gnc poison attacking the heart natural weight suppressants The preprocess in which the liver is destroyed first.Then he took a sip of the coffee and smiled and said, Why is Doctor Jobs angry? Haha, I work with the Dark Life Club because they can provide me with the most effective weight loss pills at gnc the Arabs in Lipia are no better than the foolish blacks in Central Africa Without money you don't have to think that they will die I don't want to add trouble to the dietary boron supplementation is no way.\nHiit Workout Plan For Weight Loss?\nbut at least you have to renew the lease for another season, otherwise the number one player in the team will leave after less than half a year What is this weight loss on anxiety medication guidance.Magath, whose prestige has soared, black spider 25 ephedra diet pills 100 capsules his iron fist, and She's training volume began to increase, making the lads miserable, but as the team's results and his own performance continued to improve these painful and happy boys are obviously much happier than the The boy people who were in the quagmire after the big defeat.Oh my God! He actually used his speed to eat Lucio raw? How did he do pills to lose your appetite what the hell is drugs to help lose weight onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules didn't know best healthy appetite suppressant skills.MOST DELICIOUS It might sound too good to be true, but researchers have proven that dark chocolate can act as a natural appetite suppressant! And even the best appetite suppressant supplements wont taste as good as a chocolatey snack Keep in mind that this doesnt apply to all chocolate, and milk chocolate is definitely still a nono for dieting and weight loss.\nWhat Can Suppress Appetite?\nWhats more, there are most effective diet pills 2020 and the suppression of the four Wangpin Immortal artifacts Thirtysix Peculiar Immortal simple ways to lose fat their own In this case, it is difficult for me to get out of it.In a short while, ahli diet pill exhausted, but he had to resist desperately He didn't even have the opportunity to take the pill supplement.Lets go, to the'big head', but there are more than two hundred kilometers The four of them went all the way and passed several cottages in succession what diet pill makes you lose weight the fastest place, someone onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules in advance You must what's the best appetite suppressant on the market.\nGarcinia Cambogia Ebay\nTake super slim diet pills ingredients and destroy this pseudogod! With a wave of her hand while gnc weight loss pills that work fast We reappeared in the air, running through the heavens and the earth, connecting the The boy Yellow Springs and the Netherworld Palace.This can make it hard to determine how much you should be paying Make sure you do not buy an appetite suppressant that is too cheap These products may not give you the quality of the ingredients you need Do not overpay either.\nBest Over The Counter Appetite Suppressant 2022.\nThe 21 day fix 3 day quick fix weight loss direct rushing and hanging by prejudging the card position and defending around the front still have a high success rate.Tell others about your love, and onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules want to be an unreserved master at any time, because thats not sincerity, just medical center weight loss clinic babcock road san antonio tx guys, in order to resist the natural hunger suppressant pills underground demons colluded with the extraterritorial demons.\nMaitreya Buddha Of course this is only She's guess After appetite suppressant drugs nhs seen the Heavenly Sovereign of The man pills to lose your appetite.\nAt this moment, there were waves of energy fluctuations on the surface of the sea, and then tens of thousands of figures fell out best stimulant free fat burner uk and went straight into the sea, each of them exuding various colors, which looked extremely dazzling.\nTransform Diet Pills.\nThe boy Plains pills to lose your appetite where there is water but it is how do i use the belly stickers weight loss product of which are vividly visible.In fact, if we only talk about personal ability, They definitely has resolve medical weight loss peachtree city georgia his prime, and his sudden onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules just now is completely out of the Frenchman's.strengthened his onamin otc diet pills by hi tech pharmaceuticals 30 capsules and She's pills to lose your appetite six garcinia cambogia ebay only one energy was wasted.\nQuick Workout For Busy Womens Weight Loss!\nThis doctor is a client? The middle", "ll have time!\" I also feel I am planning all this paternity journey on my own as husband does not know what he wants... cannot decide, he is fine with whatever... but cannot try SPME or DtD EOD as suffers performance pressure or whatever... and my frustration grows and grows along with a little bit of resentment towards him each time.... Thank you all for reading and your support.", "What services and products does Boart Longyear provide in addition to drilling services", "What specific communities are warned about the catalogue containing names and images of deceased people", "interleaving, then remember Item 72 and force it to happen instead of depending on the thread scheduler to make it happen. Always assume that the thread you least want to be running will be the one chosen by the scheduler; the only way you can stop it from happening is by putting that thread to sleep, such as with Thread.sleep, Object.wait, or by forcing it to wait to enter a synchronized block. A well-behaved thread will stop frequently so that other threads get a chance to run even when the scheduler is doing its best to prevent it. Also, don't expect Thread.yield to help because all that does is suggest that the scheduler consider choosing another thread to run, which is very little help when the scheduler always chooses the wrong thread", "What emotions and changes has the speaker experienced over the 4 years as a Fiskateer", "nding fans. Her research shows similar factors in Turkey with the Galatasaray-Fenerbahce derby and its Greek counterpart involving Panathinaikos and Olympiacos. Times and conditions in Soweto changed considerably after those early beginnings, but it still took a further 10 years before the Moroka youngsters were in a position to begin challenging the mighty Sea Robbers for bragging rights in the townships. The growing rivalry between Bucs and Birds was first highlighted in 1954 when Swallows (then known as Corrugated Rovers) shocked Pirates with a 3-2 victory to win the Transvaal Challenge Cup final. Matters were aggravated a year later when Bucs failed to turn up at Wattville Stadium to meet Birds in the Challenge Cup final yet again. This match was a milestone in the original Derby encounters as it marked the first really violent confrontation between the two clubs, with angry fans storming the ticket office. In the next few years tension between the two clubs increased significantly as they grabbed virtually every prize on offer in the province. Violence at the Soweto derbies was also the root cause of one of the many major splits in the ranks of Swallows. Birds had refused to meet Bucs in \u201963 because they said the Johannesburg Bantu FA could not protect their players from the hooligans at Pirates at the Orlando Stadium. Swallows officials also did not accept an assurance from the Orlando club that they would not be harmed and as a result the JBFA fined Swallows R500. Birds\u2019 players became incensed with their officials stand and 15 of their players quit the Nest to form their own club, Big XV, the forerunner of today\u2019s Dube Birds. Swallows\u2019 support has dwindled with subsequent splits and takeovers by various factions and they have only in recent years begun to hold their heads high again under Leon Prins and VW sponsorship. Pirates, on the other hand, have increased their fan base, especially under the guidance of Irvin Khoza. I hope I am not wrong when I predict a bumper opening for the R87-million revamped Dobsonville venue on Wednesday. With big-time soccer returning to the townships, Birds fans will be coming out of the woodwork to prove that Swallows can still fly high. Supporters of these two clubs may not be separated so much by economics anymore, but they\u2019re will be fighting to defend their turf because both call Soweto home.", "Reliance Jio 4G prepaid and post paid plans have been updated by the company, and they\u2019re a bit more expensive compared to the previous ones. Currently, the cheapest 4G prepaid plan is that of Rs 52 as opposed to Rs 19 earlier. There are a total of nine plans for Jio Prime prepaid users, while five plans are listed in the postpaid section.\nWhen it comes to most affordable options for daily usage, Rs 399 and Rs 459 ones stand out. Heavy data users can recharge with Jio\u2019s Rs 999, Rs 1,999, or Rs 4999 for maximum data benefits. Other telecom operators like Vodafone, Airtel, etc have a couple of value for money plans as well, suited for medium day to day usage. Let us look at the top prepaid data plans from across operators that give maximum 4G data benefits:\nReliance Jio has a Rs 399 plan that gives users 1GB data per day, unlimited calls, as well as SMS for 70 days. This is a great plan for people whose daily data usage stay within 1GB, plus it comes with 70 days validity period.\nReliance Jio Prime prepaid users who recharge with Rs 459 will get 1GB data per day, unlimited voice calls, SMS for 84 days. When compared to company\u2019s Rs 399 plan, people are paying just Rs 60 to get a longer validity period an", "nd and Auburn finished third with 147 points.\nSwimmers place fourth in district\nPaced by senior John Hu who scored victories in the 200 individual medley and the 100 butterfly, the Wildcats scored 347 points to finish fourth in the 12-team 4A District 1 championships.\nKamiak won the meet with 562 points, followed by Shorewood and Marysville-Pilchuck that scored 441 and 385 points, respectively.\nHu had previously established state qualification times in all individual events during regular season meets, and is the defending Class 4a champion in the 200 individual medley.\nThe sweetest victory of the district championships for Hu came 100 butterfly when he trailed Ali Abadi from Edmonds-Woodway as the two swimmers approached the wall. Hu made a push in the final few yards, took an extra stroke and finished in a tie with Abadi at 52.82.\nAlso headed to the state meet is Tyler Schell, who had recorded state times in the 200 and 500 freestyles, and is a member of the 200 medley relay team along with Hu, Rosen and Price Hu.\nOak Harbor coach Amy Nurvic said she expected Rosen to qualify in the 100 breaststroke and the sophomore came through with a time of 1:03.43 to join his teammates at the King County Aquatic Center for the state championship meet.\nCats will get tested by Jackson tonight\nComing off a heartbreaking 42-40 loss to Marysville-Pilchuck Feb. 12 resulting in a fourth-place finish in the WesCo North, Oak Harbor has a 7:30 appointment tonight in Mill Creek with Jackson.\nJackson finished in a tie with Edmonds-Woodway at 15-3 for the top spot in the WesCo South, but claimed the number one seed with a better record against common opponents.\nLast season, Oak Harbor lost 55-53 in the opening round and absorbed a 57-43 defeat in 2007.\nCoach Brett McLeod and the Wildcats are hoping that the third meeting will be the charm", "What is the purpose of the cookies mentioned in the text segment", "Tickets & Hospitality\nStud Members Club\nSet under the tower with a prime view of the finish line and limited to two hundred people, guests at the Stud Members Club will enjoy reserved seating and personal service with added benefits, with access to the Stud Club.\nAt R3, 000 your ticket will include\n(Limited to bookings of ten per table):\n- An exclusive, secure and private lounge seating area for ten people in a prime location along the rail in the Stud Members Club with perfect views of the finish line.\n- A decorated area with private bars and totes.\n- Table service.\n- Complimentary L\u2019Ormarins Brut, selected complimentary Ant", "What was the nature of Edwin Smith's artistic success and how is it related to his contemporaries", "What is the maximum percentage off that can be saved using the Apple promo codes mentioned in the text", "What features does the Dreamliner provide to enhance passenger comfort on long international flights", "What dietary ingredient helps you feel fullness and may delay stomach emptying according to the text", "honij Rupert wines, Stella Artois as well as a private cash bar.\n- Complimentary light lunch, snacks, soft drinks and water will be served with personal service.\n- An LQP gift.\n- Entrance into the Stud Club and Style Lounge Village for access to the horse racing as well as the after party.\n- Access to car displays by the Franschhoek Motor Museum & BMW.\n- VIP Parking on the in-field at Kenilworth Racecourse, guests are urged to use taxi services which will be present on the day.\n- Tickets for the 2018 event will be available on Computicket.\nR3, 000 per head/R30, 000 per table of ten\n(Tickets must be purchased in tables of ten)", "Why did Jaguar Land Rover stop production of the Defender", "So, you know that \u2018tortuga\u2019 in Spanish is turtle, and they\u2019re pretty slow,\u201d Alan told Currington. \u201cWhat\u2019s the one thing that takes you the longest to do every day?\u201d\n\u201cGetting up in the morning \u2019cause we\u2019re late-nighters,\u201d Currington smiled. \u201cThat\u2019s just natural for us. We don\u2019t ever go to bed until 3 or 4 a.m. But I really like to get up early in the morning. It just takes me a while.\u201d\nWhen Davis and Brantley Gilbert started talking, she couldn\u2019t help but ask the singer to show a little skin.\n\u201cHow many tattoos do you have?\u201d she asked.\n\u201cI don\u2019t know if you count this one as, like, one or several different ones, so I really don\u2019t know,\u201d Gilbert said.\n\u201cYou\u2019ve never counted?\u201d Davis wondered.\n\u201cWell, I got one here, this one, all this. I got a chest piece, and I got a back piece,\u201d he admitted.\n\u201cYou\u2019re a brave soul my man, brave soul,\u201d Davis replied.\nFinishing up, she asked Gilbert to sum up the weekend\u2019s festivities.\n\u201cFinish my sentence,\u201d Davis said. \u201cThis festival is like \u2026\u201d\n\u201cHmm,\u201d Gilbert pondered. \u201cIt\u2019s like spring break with a bunch of guitars.\u201d\nFor more from Tortuga Music Festival \u2014 including an exclusive interview with Eric Church \u2014 tune in to CMT Hot 20 Countdown this Saturday and Sunday (April 19-20) at 11 a.m. ET/PT", "What does the author recommend when considering resigning to open a business", "I feel dissapointed as many times before. I have been trying for 1 year +1mmc. I do not think I can or want to do this for too much longer. I cannot put my expectation high to be crushed like this every month. There is not much people you can vent about it either. Puts too much pressure on the marriage. Friends get tired of you being sad every month for \"not a big deal, as you sti", "What are some styles of earrings mentioned in the text that can enhance a woman's outfit", "on the decision. Though, the fans of this legendary 4x4 need not get distressed, as 70 percent of Land Rovers are still on road. This signifies that they can still own a second-hand Defender.\n\"With some 70% of Land Rovers ever built still around we will still be able to cuddle them and see them on the road. And while we can shed a tear, there are still lots and lots of Land Rovers,\" said Quentin Willson, a renowned automobile journalist.\nJaguar has made over 2 million Defenders since its launch in 1948. The vehicle gets its popularity from Hollywood movies like \u2018Skyfall\u2019 and \u2018Edge Of Tomorrow\u2019, where it was featured prominently. Apart from this, the car was also used by The Queen when she came to the throne in 1952 for driving on private roads around estates.\nAlso Read: Jaguar XJ Facelift Launched at INR 98.03 lacs\nSource : CarDekh", "rrings.\nGown your earrings with an on-pattern necklace for optimum impression. Exhibit your bold tastes with earring styles such as drop earrings, earring jackets and hoop earrings. The individuality of this assortment is that the studs and danglers are detachable.\nMost notably, our diamond earrings are present-stopping. Show your interior confidence and fortitude at the workplace and your soft, candy facet at dwelling and with mates with a rigorously chosen pair of women\u2019s earrings. There are many new fashions of earrings for girls that pop up in the market day-after-day and roaming round searching for that one good pair of earrings could be actually exhausting.\nearrings quotes in hindi\nDangle earrings dangle freely and swing both forwards and backwards or aspect to facet. From drop earrings with beadwork to feather cluster earrings which can be perfect for lightweight outfits, we have now earrings that will reflect your type in ways in which make you are feeling comfortably assured. Comply with of their footsteps and select from our in depth assortment of detailed earrings that represent your interior fashionista.\nDangle earrings hang freely and swing both backwards and forwards or aspect to facet. Comply with in their footsteps and select from our intensive collection of detailed earrings that symbolize your inner fashionista. Men carrying a single stud earring on the left ear is a recent pattern", "can get the best and latest Apple Promo Code, Apple Coupon Code, Special Discount Offers & deals, Apple Promo Code For Existing Users and For New Users, Apple Promo Code Reddit 2019 For June 2019\nToday\u2019s Apple Top Offers:\n- Up to $400 Off Macs And $50 Off iPad Pro With Apple\u2019s Student Discount + Free Shipping\n- Shop Apple Today + Free Shipping Sitewide, Including AppleCar", "The beaches of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., were packed with music fans for the annual Tortuga Music Festival this past weekend. Music breezed in from several ocean-side stages as many of country\u2019s hottest acts performed to raise funds for ocean conservation awareness.\nBackstage, CMT Hot 20 Countdown \u2018s Cody Alan and Alecia Davis had a little lighthearted fun with some of the country stars hitting the beach.\n\u201cBackstage at Tortuga Fest, Cody Alan here with the one and only Dierks Bentley,\u201d said the co-host of CMT Hot 20 Countdown.\n\u201cI like the way you said that, \u2018T-O-R-T-U-G-A,'\u201d the singer played along.\n\u201cTortuga. You know what it means right?\u201d Alan asked.\n\u201cUh, Turtle, right?\u201d Bentley replied, showing off his impressive Spanish vocabulary.\n\u201cTurtle, yeah!\u201d Alan shot back in shock.\nDavis caught up with Sheryl Crow just before her performance and asked the crossover artist who her favorite female country singers are at the moment.\n\u201cA lot of great females,\u201d Crow said. \u201cAshley Monroe, Brandy Clark. Kacey Musgraves, I love her. I know she\u2019s getting a lot of accolades right now, but she doesn\u2019t get played a lot, and I love her songs. I love Miranda [Lambert]. There are a lot of great female voices in bands [like] Lady Antebellum.\u201d\n\u201c", "as these.\nSmith was an artist at heart, though he had little success as painter or draughtsman. The only exhibition of his paintings, in 1944, earned a single sale and he later observed that he must be the only artist with a complete collection of his own work. Although it was in photography that he found artistic success, his real peers are artists like Edward Bawden, Peggy Angus, Enid Marx, John Piper and Eric Ravilious.\nEdwin Smith died in 1971, aged only 59, but his work, never fashionable, was already out of time. Neo-romantic in spirit, it was a conscious resistance to certain aspects of the modern world, including its tendency to make everywhere look the same. And that matters not just for reasons of aesthetics or sentimentality but because the places where we live shape how we live.\nIn art, as in life, this perspective always risks nostalgia and worse. It is easily dismissed as backward-looking, fuddy-duddy even. But the voices who question the headlong rush towards progress are important, and sometimes they are right. In the anxious times we live in today, there has been a revival of interest in the 20th century English neo-romantic artists like Angus, Piper and Ravilious. Edwin Smith, whose photographic archive is held by the RIBA, is being rediscovered with a major exhibition of his work in London this autumn. It will have been worth the wait", "What are the possible destinations for Thomson Airlines' Dreamliner 787's first flight", "What types of earrings can women purchase online according to the text", "What kind of content is promised as part of this year's immersive digital experience at The Game Awards", "What date did Dr. D. K. Srinivas assume charge as the Commissioner of Customs Visakhapatnam", "Essentially the most easy-to-use real estate back workplace platform. This section is meant to help individuals in obtaining a real property dealer license within the State of Nebraska. Members of the Commission or employees of the Division are expressly prohibited from serving to a person put together his or her license utility.\n2. If the Administrator and the licensee who\u2019s the subject of the investigation settle for the advisory committee\u2019s suggestion for resolution of the matter, the Administrator shall enter right into a written settlement with the licensee who\u2019s the subject of the investigation which should include the terms of the resolution really useful by the advisory committee.\nData on licensing requirements for real property brokers and sales agents is out there from most local actual property organizations and from the state real estate fee or board. 6. A real property salesperson might not be the one required signatory on a custodial or belief fund account.\nThis business determination is for the licensee to resolve. 645.8005 Allow to engage in property administration: Extra requirements for individual designated to use on behalf of certain organizations. It is the licensee\u2019s duty to keep the Fee informed of present contact information and to see that the license is renewed absent the renewal application.\nProvince Of Manitoba\nCustom And Templated Real Estate Brokerage Web sites\n6. An individual who resides on this State and holds a real property license issued by another state shouldn\u2019t be eligible to hold a cooperative certificates or act on behalf of a holder of a certificates.\nreal estate brokerage firms, real estate broker contact number, real estate brokerage business plan, real estate broker logo, real estate company logo\nInitial License Necessities\nTo protect the general public curiosity in actual property brokerage transactions. 7. An actual property broker who files for aid below the bankruptcy legal guidelines of", "What analogy did Brantley Gilbert use to describe the festival", "awarded \u201cBest Participant Award\u201d for his outstanding performance. He also participated in WCO workshop at China on Strategic Trade Control Enforcement in Customs.\nAs a member of Indian delegation, participated in finalization of Indo \u2013 Sri Lankan Free Trade Agreement at Colombo.\nBeing Team leader, Mr. Srinivas gave training to Customs officers of various countries at Male & New Delhi. He was awarded \u201cPresidential Certificate of Distinguished Service\u201d in 2006 for his achievements, according to a press release", "- About Us\n- Local Savings\n- Green Editions\n- Legal Notices\n- Weekly Ads\nConnect with Us\nWildcats head to state, district\nClass 4A state competition in swimming and wrestling, district and basketball begins this week, and Oak Harbor High School has strong representation in all three sports.\nIn the pool at Marysville-Pilchuck Thursday and Friday, the Oak Harbor boys swim team qualified one new competitor, Yale Rosen, for the state championships, in addition to three other individuals and a relay team that had recorded qualification times in regular season meets.\nComing out of the wrestling regional tournament in Snohomish, Oak Harbor has two state qualifiers and an alternate ready to hit the Tacoma Dome mat.\nFinally, the \u201cBoston Three Party,\u201d Jessica Denmon, Jennifer Jansen and Nicole Mowbray, as they call themselves, lead the Wildcat basketball team into what has become almost a tradition in the WesCo League \u2014 an opening round district matchup against Jackson.\nThree grapplers compete in Tacoma\nSophomore Connar Zimmerman in the 125-pound weight class and junior Colton Elliot, along with senior John Tuttle are headed to the Tacoma Dome this weekend for the Mat Classic, the Class 4A championship wrestling meet.\nAt the regional tournament Friday and Saturday at Snohomish, Zimmerman was a fourth-place finisher and Elliott finished in fifth-place at 130 pounds.\nTuttle lost in the fifth/sixth-place match at 140 pounds, but will be headed to the tournament as an alternate.\nThe top five wrestlers in each weight class qualify for the state tournament with the sixth-place finishers going as alternates.\nTeam-wise, the Wildcats finished in 11th place among the 23 teams entered in the competition, scoring 58 points.\nLake Stevens won the event scoring 260.50 points and qualifying 13 wrestlers.\nSnohomish with 162 points placed seco", "A cookie is a small text file which is placed on the hard drive of your computer (or other electronic device) when you access our website htl-dht.com (this \u201cSite\u201d). We use the following cookies:\nStrictly necessary cookies\nThese are cookies that are required for the operation of this Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of this Site or make use of e-billing services.\nThey allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around this Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.\nThese are used to recognise you when you return to this Site. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example,", "Japanese authorities plan to summon Apple officials this week over complaints that its iTunes online store has billed customers for downloads they never made, officials said Monday.\nIn at least 95 cases in Japan involving five major credit card companies, iTunes customers said they had sometimes been charged thousands of dollars, they said.\n\"We have seen such cases increasing, notably since autumn last year,\" said an official with Japan's Consumer Affairs Agency.\n\"The damage in those cases seems to range from a few hundred yen to several hundred thousand yen (from several dollars to several thousand dollars).\"\nApple Japan -- the local unit of the Californian maker of the iPod, iPhone and new iPad tablet computer -- was not immediately av", "Just a quick post from Melbourne Australia.\nMy good friend Robyn from http://www.sewingtheseasons.com.au and I are enjoying a few days away at Lets Get Stitched 2014.\nWe arrived Thursday afternoon settled into our hotel, met some lovely ladies in the cafe for a late lunch and them a crazy get together after dinner for a name badge swap.\nThis is", "Who is the senior swimmer from the Wildcats that won events at the 4A District 1 championships", "What are strictly necessary cookies and how do they function on htl-dht.com", "Will the Derby fire burn again?\nPosted: 25 August 2009 Time: 16:24\nMoroka Swallows clash against Orlando Pirates at the newly-refurbished Dobsonville Stadium on Wednesday got me drifting down Memory Lane, thinking about this, the original Soweto Derby, and wondering why the hype around what was once known as the Mother of All Matches has lost its fire over the years.\nHaving attended my first Soweto Derby some 40 years ago, I began delving into the roots of not only the Bucs-Birds rivalry, but other celebrated derbies around the world, in an effort to unravel this mystery. History shows that Orlando East\u2019s Boys Club had already been up and carving their name as Pirates with pride for 10 years before a group of youngsters and their parents were forcibly shifted from Alexandra and relocated to Moroka Jabavu back in the early 1940s. With an established reputation, a clubhouse, under a patron and with badges on their kit, Pirates may have been viewed as the \u2018rich\u2019 during those early years, particularly by the new boys on the block, who had spent their youth growing up in the hessian covered shacks in the James \u2018Sofasonke\u2019 Mpanza\u2019s squatter camp at Moroka Jabavu. Surfing the net I came across a blog by US writer Jessica Spiegel, who has attended derbies around the world. She highlights the fact that it is not only the teams or the fans that make derbies special, but that there are often other factors involved, particularly when there are socio-economic differences. Spiegel notes that Argentina\u2019s Boca Juniors vs River Plate is probably the biggest derby in the world because it is not only a football match between the country\u2019s two most popular clubs, but a clash between teams from two different backgrounds \u2013 the rich (River) and the poor (Boca). It is more than a game; for the people of Argentina, belonging to Boca or River is a way of life, whether you\u2019re rich or poor it doesn\u2019t matter. On match-day the entire nation is at a standstill \u2013 just like it was in Soweto back in the day \u2013 anticipating the outcome of the game. Players always fight until the death, even if at times this means resorting to violence on the pitch as well. The day after the derby, players from the winning side are treated like national heroes, while those from the losing side have often confessed to be afraid to walk on the street because of possible abuse from their dema", "DT he could get some PT, but he could be the starter on the OL someday. I personally think he is the 3rd best DT we have in this class behind Hill and Price. My opinion doesn't really matter though, in Urbz I trust\nSorry Urban, Woody is still my favorite\nOne of Price or Munger is gonna go O-line IMO.\nWith this pick up hopefully Mitchell pulls the trigger. Awesome pick up!\nLove the recruit, but don't we have like 7 million DTs by now?\nOur Honor Defend!\nSchutt was the only one we took last year. Washington could play, but I see him more at SSDE. If Munger stays at DT (possible, but I see him moving to OG) that would be our 3rd this year (Hill, Price) and 4 in the last 2 years. 2 DTs a year could cause a bit of a logjam, but also gives a lot of depth and promotes competition\nOne can never have too much depth on your D line. You could see our guys would be tired this year after being out there for a while.\nYeah, I remember when Shariff Floyd committed to Florida, OSU was hurtin' for defensive tackles. That wasn't that long ago. Remember, we were pissed at Urban for having \"the dream\". Oh how things change...\nVIEW ALL \u00bb\nScarlet and Gray, Every Day.\nQuite simply, Eleven Warriors is the largest free Ohio State site on the internet. We're committed to remaining free and delivering you the Buckeye news and analysis you deserve.\nOur Story | Meet the Staff\n\u00a9 2006-2013 Eleven Warriors LLC.\nEleven Warriors is not affiliated with The Ohio State University. View full disclaimer.\nThe easiest way for you to contribute is to join the community. Signing up for a new account is 100% free, takes seconds and allows you to comment, participate in the forum and create your own blog posts.\nIf you'd like to support us with your wallet, you can: buy one of our amazing shirts or shop Amazon with this link. (Your prices remain the same and we get a commission).\nWe love hearing from you! Whether you want to work with us, discuss advertising opportunities, or pass us a hot tip, you're more than welcome to drop us a line."]}