{"q_indices": [72, 80, 8, 2, 9, 70, 106, 47, 114, 110, 44, 74, 18, 79, 10, 4, 13, 45, 125, 109, 69, 46, 65, 93, 121, 23, 11, 85, 33, 62, 68, 1, 100, 86, 17, 116, 54, 102, 7, 31, 112, 35, 120, 126, 27, 32, 98, 63, 97, 83, 127, 123, 104, 105, 43, 92, 15, 111, 113, 40, 41, 58, 42, 20], "a_indices": [48, 103, 6, 16, 124, 49, 64, 122, 101, 30, 87, 77, 57, 96, 108, 82, 5, 36, 34, 29, 28, 99, 53, 52, 78, 118, 56, 84, 81, 89, 26, 21, 75, 71, 61, 14, 25, 38, 94, 22, 117, 66, 51, 90, 19, 76, 59, 0, 37, 39, 115, 67, 73, 91, 119, 24, 107, 3, 55, 50, 88, 60, 12, 95], "texts": ["Japanese folklore, and you even have the incorporation of famous fictional Japanese characters based on Lone Wolf and Cub, Zatoichi, and Toshiro Mifune\u2019s samurai from Akira Kurosawa\u2019s Yojimbo and Sanjuro. Sometimes if you look closely, you\u2019ll also see more \u201cmodern\u201d influences in the characters as well.\nWhat also makes the series even more impressive is the sheer consistency of it. Stan Sakai has been the artist and writer since the very beginning, with full creative control of everything involved. You can see the evolution of his craft, from backgrounds to character design to page and panel format. This is a creator-owned work in the truest sense of the word. That ownership has also allowed him to branch his character out however he chooses. Usagi has shown up in comics for other companies (Oni Press, Wizard Press, etc.) for many reasons: some for fun, other times for charity or to support a cause. Yet some of the biggest exposure given to Usagi was when he would crossover with characters from a comic created by Stan\u2019s friends, and what was arguably the biggest pop culture phenomena of the time: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Stan and Turtles creator Peter Laird have been friends for years, with both of their comics starting around the same time. With that friendship came frequent collaboration, with both sets of characters periodically crossing over into each others\u2019 comics, as well as Usagi and other characters from his universe showing up in two different iterations of the TMNT cartoons (both the 1987 and 2003 series).\nThat was actually my first exposure to Usagi, as I imagine it was for lots of other fans. When I was a kid, I was HUGE into TMNT. One summer, I was on vacation with my parents and I saw a comic shop. Needless to say, I made it a point to hightail it in there ASAP by any means necessary. By the front counter, I saw a trade paperback called Shell Shock. It was a collection of one-off stories of the Turtles from all different writers and artists, and one of the first stories in the book involved Leonardo being transported through time to feudal-era Japan, where he teamed up with an (at the time) unknown rabbit samurai (\u201cThe Treaty\u201d). Per the editor\u2019s notes, this wasn\u2019t the first occurrence of time-travel between the two; and the banter between them proved that they were close friends and allies. Right from the jump it was one of my favorite stories in the collection, and still one of my favorite stories to date. Years later I would come across the Fantagraphics collection and my mind was blown that he had his own ongoing series the whole time. I bought the first 12 books right then and there and consequently devoured them in a full-day binge. From then on, I\u2019ve been picking them up very year for the past 17 years. It\u2019s one of the very few ongoing series that I\u2019ve kept up with, the first one that I always refer people to when I talk about comics, and it\u2019s a series that I\u2019ll continue with until the very end of Usagi\u2019s journey.", "What are some symptoms or characteristics of children who may require Calcarea carbonica", "What do TD Securities\u2019 Millan Mulraine believe could boost the economic recovery", "shake of kosher salt, more salt later \u2018cause I like them salty. Four shakes of celery seed.\u201d And so on. At the end of this mess, I typed, \u201cSorry for the vagueness, but you\u2019ll nail it,\u201d with my fingers crossed and high hopes. Amanda is an accomplished cook, so I have an idea that, with my list of ingredients and directions such as \u201cglug\u201d and \u201cshakes of,\u201d she will nail it.\nBut you can\u2019t write a recipe like that for the restaurant binder. What I often did then was make the dish again, using my instincts, but measuring everything this time. \u201cHalf a yellow onion, diced\u201d? Weigh it. \u201cThree glugs\u201d? Measure that. But I always found it difficult to measure those little touches like \u201cshakes of\u201d this or that, because it\u2019s like my arm knows how much to put in, but my brain doesn\u2019t know how to measure it before I add it, because the arm wants what the arm wants and it can\u2019t seem to figure it out unless it\u2019s actually over the pot at the time. Try measuring celery seed you\u2019ve just added now that it\u2019s all wet and in chicken stock. I\u2019ll wait.\nSo I used to set a piece of parchment paper over the pot, let the arm decide how much celery seed to shake in, then pick the parchment up, crease it and pour the ingredient out into a measuring spoon or cup, write down how much it was, then dump it back into the pot. That way you get an approximation at least that you can write down in case of the aforementioned getting thyself to a nunnery.\nBut really, the moral of this story is: Don\u2019t brag on Facebook unless you\u2019re ready to write that recipe, and don\u2019t pat yourself on the back out loud in the restaurant kitchen about that fantastic soup you just made, because they might put that shit on the menu, and there you\u2019ll be at 8 in the morning, shake-shake-shaking celery seed onto a creased piece of parchment, cursing under your breath.\nP.S., celery seed is the bomb, and I put it in just about everything, except brownies. \u2022\nMarsha Lynch has worked at many Louisville independent restaurants including Limestone, Jack Fry\u2019s, Jarfi\u2019s, L&N Wine Bar and Bistro, Caf\u00e9 Lou Lou, Marketplace @ Theater Square, Fontleroy\u2019s and Harvest", "What factors can increase the chances of having back problems according to Dr. John Regan", "Boosting OpenStack, Rackspace has partnered with AMD, Dell, EMC, HP, Arista Networks, Brocade, Hortonworks, NetApp and CommVault to launch open reference architectures that were designed to make it easier for enterprises to deploy large-scale private clouds.\nRackspace has released a series of Private Cloud Open Reference Architectures to drive the effort. Included in the development of the architectures are AMD, Dell, EMC, HP, Arista Networks, Brocade, Hortonworks, NetApp and CommVault. The launch, which was announced on the Rackspace blog, includes three reference architectures.\nAs Paul Rad, Rackspace vice president of private cloud, noted in his blog post, \"deploying, managing and running a large-scale, enterprise private cloud is not an easy task.\" Included in the reference architecture list are:\n- Mass compute with external storage, an architecture design for scalable cloud compute where data can be stored to external resilient volumes and exported to iSCSI.\n- Mass compute, a scalable compute cloud architecture designed for variable workloads in which data resides on the compute nodes directly.\n- Distributed object storage, which is an architecture for an object storage cloud for enterprises to store critical data across multiple zones for i", "The pace of housing starts unexpectedly fell by 1.6% to an annualized rate of 1.028 million units.\nEconomists were expecting 1.04 million.\nBuilding permits plunged 5.2% to 1.035 million.\n\u201cOverall, this was a disappointing report and it further underscores that the ongoing narrative of the housing sector recovery continuing to struggle", "Is there any announcement regarding the renewal of The Cuphead Show for Season 4", "What was the annualized rate of housing starts as reported, and how did it compare to economists' expectations", "What was the client's initial hair color before the transformation process", "What are the common causes of back pain mentioned in the health video", "What are the main ingredients of Tiffin", "ParkLane Motor Inn Takapuna Beach\nPark Lane is a Qualmark 4 Star and Qualmark Enviro-Silver 32 room motel, superbly located just 150 metres from beautiful sandy Takapuna Beach with its great views of Rangitoto. We are just a short stroll to all of Takapuna's shops, restaurants, cafes and exciting nightspots. We are the closest motel to historic Devonport.\nPark Lane is a great place for a longer stay - we have a swimming pool, mini-gym & a sauna which has separate shower facitites. We also have a guest laundry, dry-cleaning service and free ample off-street car parking available. We have a Breakfast Room which serves breakfast in the morning. \"Heat n Eat\" meals are available dail", "What are the three reference architectures included in Rackspace's Private Cloud Open Reference Architecture launch", "ly so more troopers can get back onto the highways. The older cases may be dismissed if troopers are no longer working in the state and the case didn\u2019t have a trial. Public Safety, however, wants to prevent this from happening with future cases.\nAs a Columbia car accident attorney , I\u2019m glad to hear that the courts are working to close the DUI cases. Closing the cases will bring closure to families and focus police efforts on public safety rather than paper work.\nIf you or a loved one has been injured in a drunken driving car accident, contact a personal injury lawyer in Columbia .", "What cooking experience did the author mention that gives them the confidence to cook without following written recipes", "for direction,\u201d TD Securities\u2019 Millan Mulraine said. \u201cNevertheless, with labour market conditions continuing to be favourable and buying conditions remaining very attractive, we believe that it will be only a matter of time before the housing recovery shifts up a gear or two and provide a crucial second wind to the economic recovery.", "Why is the South Carolina Supreme Court Chief Justice considering cancelling backlog DUI cases", "What is the total purse for the Walmart NW Arkansas Championship Presented by P&G", "Delhi\u2019s newly anointed Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and his Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) proved their majority in the state assembly this week, thus paving the way for a state government that will be more or less stable for a while; notwithstanding, of course, the fickleness of the support provided to the AAP by the Congress.\nIt was evident with Kejriwal\u2019s speech in the house that the party hopes for a good show in the forthcoming general elections this year. AAP has announced it will contest from at least 300 Lok Sabha constituencies, and with some prominent personalities joining the party, the stakes have just been upped.\nIt is important for the electorate to focus more on the idea of a new political discourse, rather than Kejriwal alone\nConsider the names: banker Meera Sanyal, former Infosys board member V Balakrishnan, actor Ranvir Shorey, educationist and Padma Shri winner JAK Tareen, and aviation entrepreneur Captain Gopinath, just to name a few. This is besides some defections from the Congress as well as the BJP and those close to the BJP, including the husband of the revenue minister in Gujarat, a BJP-governed state whose chief minister is the party\u2019s prime ministerial candidate.\nThis momentum would have been absent had Kejriwal and his party not won 28 seats in the Delhi assembly elections in the first week of December. The party won on a single-point agenda: corruption. Naturally, the media has latched onto Kejriwal as its blue-eyed boy, pushing the TRP-boosting presence of BJP\u2019s Narendra Modi to second place for the time being. Congress vice-president and its most likely prime ministerial candidate Rahul Gandhi is nowhere in the picture.\nAnd this is exactly the root of most of the problems Kejriwal will face in the coming weeks. A large part of being politically relevant is being in the public eye. And that being the case, it is only natural that rival political parties, especially the Congress and the BJP, will resort to gamesmanship. The second salvo (we will come to the first in a while) was fired on Friday with the debate over his official residence and the official cars to be provided to his ministers.\nNormally, both these issues would have never come up for discussion had it been a Congress or BJP chief minister, given that almost every single minister and MP (BJP, Congress or any other party) lives in a lavish tax-payer-funded bungalow in the heart of Delhi. But with Kejriwal and his party, who we", "What different types of studio rooms does the motel offer", "e difficulty recalling the past. The British Homeopathic Association notes that children who lack Calcarea carbonica are very stubborn and tend to be loners in school. Moreover, children who require Calcarea carbonica have trouble digesting milk and meat. Homeopathic doctors prescribed doses of Calcarea carbonica to help aid digestion and improve mood in those who suffer from these ailments.\nThe Gale Encyclopedia of Alternative Medicine notes that there are virtually no side effects when taking Calcarea carbonica tablets. Patients should eat or drink for 20 minutes after taking the supplement. Calcarea carbonica is prescribed more often for constitutional issues rather than serious illnesses.Learn more about Vitamins & Supplements", "keeping in mind the history of the animated series that\u2019s being uploaded on Netflix we are very doubtful that it\u2019s going to be giving this series the privilege of renewal or not.\nInitially, the series was given permission for 3 seasons and 36 episodes which were completed in the previous year only.\nBut being super optimistic and positive as lovers of the series we can hope that there\u2019s still an opportunity to come out with the next season because Netflix has not yet announced that it\u2019s the final or the final Season of the animated series.\nIn an interview conducted in previous years, the show\u2019s head writer made the following statement:\n\u201cThere better be more \u2013 I have too many episode ideas! I hope there will be a renewal or continuation in some form, but we\u2019ll see.\u201d\nThis statement makes it clear that the author is prepared to write some more episodes for the series all we need is to have confirmation from the creator!!!\nThe show\u2019s popularity is such that fans are already campaigning on Twitter for an additional season of it!! This makes it clear that viewers in addition to critics want it for an additional season so let\u2019s be hopeful and positive and wait for the official announcement!!!\nTune in and thanks for reading \ud83d\ude42", "What does Psalms 27 encourage believers to do in times of trials and troubles", "on and closed for New Years Day, January 1st. We will reopen January 4th with normal business hours.\nDr. Emond will be on call for emergencies during the off business hours.\nWintry Wishes! May this season bring you the gifts of peace, hope and joy", "It\u2019s a paradox of American health care that has been present for years, and a new study reinforces it: the overwhelming majority of Californians say they want to die a natural death, at home, but less than one in four has actually put their wishes in writing. This lack of clarity can leave loved ones and doctors to try to sort out wishes, often during a time of crisis.\nThe statewide survey is from the Oakland-based California HealthCare Foundation. While so few have put their wishes in writing, the poll also found that 82 percent of Californians said it was important to do so. Another paradox.\n\u201cWhen we juxtapose that to what actually happens to people,\u201d said Kate O\u2019Malley, senior program officer at the Foundation, \u201cWe realize there is a lot of work to be done in helping people find a way to state their preferences and make sure that their family members and their providers know what their preferences are.\u201d\nThe survey, Final Chapter: Californians\u2019 Attitudes and Experiences with Death and Dying, found many other wide-ranging disparities between what people said they wanted and what actually happened:\n- 70 percent want to die at home, but 32 percent actually do so; most die in a hospital or nursing home\n- 60 percent do not want family members burdened by tough decisions, saying it\u2019s \u201cextremely important,\u201d but fewer than half have talked to loved one about personal wishes\n- 8 in 10 say if they were seriously ill, they would like to talk to a doctor about their treatment wishes, but only 7 percent have done so\nOn this last question of doctors and patients talking about end-of-life wishes, Kate O\u2019Malley pointed to a chicken or the egg problem. \u201cThere was one study that showed that 75 percent of patients wanted to talk about this and were waiting for their doctors to bring it up,\u201d she said. \u201cThen when they (researchers) talked to the doctors, they found that many of them wanted to talk to their patients about this, but they were waiting for their patie", "According to the Gale Encyclopedia of Alternative Medicine, Calcarea carbonica is used to treat chronic conditions such as night terrors in children, acne, arthritis, vaginal discharge, fatigue and ringworm of the scalp. Calcarea carbonica is impure calcium carbonate, and it is one of the three major remedies used in homeopathic treatments.Continue Reading\nThe Gale Encyclopedia of Alternative Medicine further explains that Calcarea carbonica is a remedy for those who cannot stay warm. A homeopathic professional evaluates the patient to determine if Calcarea carbonica is the proper treatment.\nIn the field of homeopathy, health professionals use Calcarea carbonica to treat children who are late developers, have poor judgment and hav", "What single-point agenda did the Aam Aadmi Party focus on to win the Delhi assembly elections", "First let me thank Matthew for his Christmasy donation, thanks mate!\nPlease Get us some Threaded Extension Tutorials with callbacks / unique ids per request. Example like MySQL\nUsually I do my own things and put some out on the blog, but this time my current interests coincided with this request. Also, in the past, I had a few more requests about threaded extensions, so I guess I just gonna cave in\nAssuming you have VS2013 already (if you don\u2019t, download VS2013 Express, it is free). Bohemia have already included VS2013 distributables with Arma 3, so no extras are needed. Create your own project (I called mine \u201cthreaded_example\u201d) as explained in Part 1. Paste the following into it:\nWhat\u2019s going on here? When extension is called with \u201cs:whateverparamyousend\u201d, it returns ticket number. When this ticket number is queried back with \u201cr:ticketnumber\u201d, extension checks if the ticket is ready to be collected. At this point there are 3 variants of return:\n- \u201cWAIT\u201d \u2013 indicates that the ticket is still in the queue\n- \u201cEMPTY\u201d \u2013 if ticket does not exist\n- \u201cwhateverresultyouassigned\u201d \u2013 the actual result\nAfter first successful retrieval of the result, the ticket gets erased, so next call with the same ticket number will result in \u201cEMPTY\u201d.\nAs you can see I\u2019ve added 2 commands \u201cs:\u201d \u2013 send and \u201cr:\u201d \u2013 retrieve. You can make your own, it is just the matter of being able to parse them. I used strncmp that compares first n chars of the input. If there is a match, the rest of the string is treated as param. If param needs to be parsed further, you can do it after, in worker thread, in a similar manner.\nIf command is \u201cs:\u201d, a new element is added to map tickets. Map tickets consist of a pair: long int, which represent id of the ticket and struct that contains data about submission. You can add more members to struct if you want, for example instead of having just one member params, you can expand it to multiple params, like param1, param2 and parse params on the spot. Although if you want extension to return as soon as possible it is better to do all the heavy lifting in the worker thread and keep main thread operations to minimum.\nGlobal id is increased by 1 and new ticket with this id is added to tickets. If at this point worker thread is not running, it will be starte", "g a sixth place and Carly Scheurs placing 12th to lead the way.\nKimberly Invitational (Sat.): Julia Koenig finished 14th overall to lead the Kiel girls to a fifth-place finish.\nRachel Halbach was 30th and Hailey Jaschob added a 31st place for the Raiders.\nKiel\u2019s boys were led by Josh Tarnowski in 26th place. The Raiders placed ninth in the team standings.\nFond du Lac Invitational (Fri.): Sheboygan North finished seventh in the girls race and 11th in the boys standings.\nElla Reinemann led the Golden Raiders with an 11th place finish, while Ella Bogenschuetz earned a 20th-place finish.\nThe boys were led by Charles Broghammer, who finished in 52nd place.\nBrown Deer sub-sectional (Fri.): Kohler advanced all seven flights to sectionals and led the sub-sectional in points.\nKohler scored 24 points to finish two points ahead of University School of Milwaukee.\nSingles players moving on for the Blue Bombers were Shelby Horth, Lauren Horth, Luisa Neuner and Molly Thomack. Kohler also advanced its doubles teams of Jamie Lewis and Evelyn Heun, Elly Udovich and Sarah Sobecki and Ryah Gutschow and Grace Madigan.\nSheboygan Falls advanced three flights, including both No. 1 flights in singles player Ellie Roe and the doubles team of Rachel Lee and Megan Hand. Jessie Barger at No. 4 singles also qualified for sectionals.\nKiel\u2019s lone sectional qualifier was No. 1 singles player Emily Dreger", "ectory showcases Ugandan Companies Online. The Business Directory Uganda lists companies in Uganda & Kampala. Accomodation Uganda, Agriculture Uganda,\nTraffic Statistics Report will help you answer the question: \"How much is this website worth?\".\nIt will estimate how much daily visitors and pageviews there are on this website. It will also estimate earning potential - how much this site could be making from displaying advertisements. Based on several factors, this report will give you estimated value of this website.\nWhy is this important? This report will let you find out how popular is this website. This data can:\n- help you decide if is worth advertising on this website\n- help you estimate income for this website or e-store\n- help you decide about possible partnerships with this website\n- help you buy or sell a website, because you know how much it is worth\n|Title:||www.chimpreports.com-Leading in Breaking News|\n|Description:||All Breaking news from all over Uganda and East Africa|\n|Monthly income:||1,100 USD|\n|Website value:||39,603 USD|\n|Web hosting organization (company):|\nThis website in hosted on web server located in Provo, United States.\nSEO Tip: Hosting location can influence search engine rankings. General rule is: try to host your website in country where your visitors are located. This will boost traffic for your target audience and also reduce page loading time. Page speed in also one of the ranking factors in search engine ranking alhorithms and it will also enable your users to browse throught your site more easily. If website loads fast visitors will generally spend more time on it, look at more pages and buy more products on it.\nFacebook Statistics Report shows how popular is this website on social website Facebook.com.\nIt shows the number of facebook shares, likes and comments.\nSEO Tip: Sharing your website with other people on social media (Facebook and others) is recommended.\nHere are some good reasons:\n- it helps search engines find your website so they can index it faster\n- it can increase traffic to your website as Facebook is used by millions of people every day\n- it can generate high quality leads for your business\n- it helps you build your bran", "What did the show's head writer express regarding the possibility of more episodes in the animated series", "What challenges is Kejriwal likely to face in his political career due to the nature of Delhi politics", "What items are included in the set described in the text", "CEDAR GROVE \u2013 Cedar Grove-Belgium dropped only one set in going 5-0 to win its own volleyball tournament on Saturday.\nThe Rockets beat Kiel (25-4, 25-22), St. Francis (25-8, 25-8), Valders (25-10, 25-12), Kohler (25-4, 25-8) and Kewaskum (25-18, 21-25, 15-12) on the day.\nEllie Kaat led the Rockets with 51 kills, while also picking up seven aces. Liz Bruggink added 22 kills.\nAllie DeRuyter finished with 49 assists and 14 aces and Megan Gonwa chipped in 21 digs and 10 aces.\nGreen Bay NEW Lutheran 62, Elkhart Lake-Glenbeulah 26 (Sat.): Jared Shaw threw for two touchdowns and Troy Rebedew ran for a pair of scores but the Resorters fell short in the nonconference game.\nJared Shaw threw a 19-yard touchdown pass to Brennen Cain and then hit Cain for a 31-yard touchdown as Elkhart Lake-Glenbeulah trailed just 18-14 after the first quarter, but NEW Lutheran erupted for 30 points in the second quarter to break the game open.\nRebedew scored on runs off 21 and 7 yards in the fourth quarter and finished with a team-high 77 yards rushing. Cain finished with three catches for 52 yards.\nLake Country Lutheran Invitational (Sat.): Sheboygan Lutheran had three runners in the top 25 and finished fourth among 11 teams.\nJared Jurss led the Crusaders with a 12th-place finish, while Josh Leland was 23rd and Charlie Heim was 25th.\nThe Sheboygan Lutheran girls took fifth place with Liz Matz earnin", "What concerns did the workers express regarding the impact of the strike and how it was affecting children and job security", "ncreased resiliency.\nReference architures are one way toward achieving maturity in a business technology, and that's what Rackspace is hoping to do. At the same time, it may give it and the channel partners that deal in private OpenStack cloud infrastructure and deployments an advantage, as the references should, ideally, make it easier for them to design private clouds for their customers.\nAt the same time, Rad introduced the Rackspace Private Cloud Certification Toolkit, which \"validates all of the functionality of an OpenStack private cloud so your cloud operations team can be sure that your cloud is operational and that it has all of the necessary components properly installed and configured.\" It sounds like another good tool for partners that are deploying private clouds, but for remote private cloud operations, Rad forwarded readers on to Rackspace CORE software support.\nWhat's next for Rackspace and OpenStack-based private cloud? Certification, of course. Rad wrote that Rackspace intends to certify Open Compute Project providers for integration with the Rackspace Private Cloud. The company also plans to add to the reference architectures over time, adding new ones based on high availability, security and software-defined networking (SDN).", "More widespread availability of defibrillators and education of the general public could boost survival rates fourfold amongst athletes suffering cardiac arrest, a study has found. In less than half of cases, a bystander initiated cardiopulmonary reanimation. This is crucial as survival at hospital admission is 4 times higher when CPR is attempted and 10 times greater when an electric shock is delivered.\nThe study by a Paris hospital outlined the poor prognosis of sudden death during sport, despite the fact that efficient measures are known, but not correctly and systematically applied, across France.\nUntil now, studies of sudden death during sport focused on young competitive athletes, although this group represents a small percentage of sudden deaths during sport. The study is the first to collect and analyze 700 sudden deaths during sport activity in the general French population. The three sports most often involved were cycling, running and soccer, with females representing only 5% of cases. The occurrence of such a dramatic event leads to family screening in 25% of cases.\nThe story of a young competitive soccer player dying suddenly during a match always elicits great emotion and has a tremendous media impact. However, sudden death in young competitive athletes represents only a minority of such deaths occurring during sports activity. The story of a middle-aged man collapsing during his Sunday morning run is rarely considered, but occurs more frequently. Although pulmonary, neurological or aortic injuries may result in sudden death, the vast majority of cases are related to cardiac arrhythmias and cardiac arrest. Although regular physical activity is known to be beneficial in terms of cardiovascular health, sport, particularly when it is practised intensively by untrained individuals, may present a trigger for cardiac arrhythmias.\nThe group collected the data for almost 700 sudden deaths over a 4-year period. The deaths occurred during or immediately after sports activity in France. Most cases occurred during the summer, probably because of more frequent sporting activity at this time of year. The patients were generally relatively young (mean age approximately 45 years), and only a small number of subjects (<5%) had known cardiovascular diseases. the majority (>95%) of subjects w", "nts to bring it up. So there\u2019s this question about what is the right moment?\u201d\nThis desire to talk with their doctor about end-of-life wishes is especially true for older patients, yet only 13 percent of those over 65 have done so. In a New England Journal of Medicine commentary last December, a team of palliative care experts strongly encouraged doctors with elderly patients to bring up the subject.\nJust over a week ago, Lisa Krieger, a reporter at the San Jose Mercury News, wrote movingly of the story of her own father\u2019s death. He had left clearly written instructions, yet what she experienced during the final ten days of his life captures the difficulty of making wrenching decisions, incrementally, during a health crisis. Her story triggered an outpouring of reader comments, with overwhelming support for being clear about wishes, well in advance. Sharone Demaree posted this comment on the Mercury News\u2019 Facebook page:\nMy mother died one year ago, March 1. The hardest decision I think we ever had to make was to decide when to cease all attempts at prolonging death. I strongly urge any and all who read this to sit down and talk with your family and document their wishes.\nYet, even when wishes are made clear in advance, the survey found only 44 percent of Californians said those wishes were completely followed. But for a patient with a language barrier, that number drops to 26 percent. Kate O\u2019Malley encourages people who feel that their wishes are not being respected to \u201cask to be cared for by a different person,\u201d adding that it\u2019s also critical that the entire family be clear of the loved one\u2019s wishes as well.\nThe survey was conducted last fall and included 1,669 Claifornians 18 and older, including 393 people who had lost a loved one in the prior year. The survey was conducted by Lake Research Partners.\nKQED\u2019s Forum: End-of-Life Decisions\nCalifornia HealthCare Foundation Video about the Physicians Orders for Life-Saving Treatment or \u201cPOLST\u201d form:", "ere male and most deaths occurred during non-competitive sport with young competitive athletes representing only <5% of cases.\nMost cases happened in open public areas (sports stadium, gymnasium, etc), with a significant number of bystanders. Despite this, 60% of subjects did not benefit from early resuscitation before the arrival of the emergency service. When a bystander did administer immediate cardiopulmonary resuscitation however, the proportion of patients admitted to hospital increased to 40% compared to 10% when no resuscitation was initiated. Moreover, the administration of an electric shock increased survival rates from 5 to 60%.\nFuture strategies suggested in the study included increasing the availability of automatic cardiac defibrillators to the general public (the witness only has to put the recorder on the victim's thorax and then follow oral instructions provided by the device). In this scenario, data showed an urgent need for more extensive education of the general public, since public participation in these programs is crucial.\nAccording to previous studies, survival rates differ strongly between French regions, ranging from 0 to 60%. In the North around the city of Lille, intensive education teaching ordinary citizens to initiate cardiopulmonary reanimation resulted in an increase in survival rates upon hospital admission to 60%.\nThe results highlighted another important issue. Family screening was only performed in 25% of cases, most often when the cardiac arrest occurred in a young person. It is known that the occurrence of a sudden death in a family increases the risk for other family members, and that screening may help prevent this.\nSudden death during sports activity is not uncommon. This pivotal study in the general community highlights the urgent need to educate the public regarding early intervention in cardiac arrest. In addition, the general public should be made aware of the simplicity of care for cardiac arrest, which currently depends on external massage and the availability of automatic cardioverter defibrillators. If these goals are achieved, it should be possible to dramatically reduce the burden of sports-related sudden death within the general community.\nSource: European Society of Cardiology\nExplore further: Cardiac death patients often show symptom", "What ingredients are used in the recipe that involves layering brownie and mascarpone cheese", "What are the themes covered in the stories written by the author", "What amenities does Park Lane Motor Inn offer for guests", "What are the office hours for December 24th and December 25th", "What challenges do developing countries face in planning investments for integrated energy systems in remote communities", "What initiatives is Rackspace undertaking to improve its OpenStack private cloud infrastructure", "What happens if a worker thread processes a new ticket and the result is longer than the defined outputSize limit", "What new projects and collaborations did Jaleh engage in after the 2020 pandemic", "Perfect manufactures flail pruning choppers with working widths from 105 to 460 cm (3'5\" to 15'1\"). Besides various series flail pruning choppers for use in the 3-point hitch behind the tractor, all models are also available for use in the front linkage of the tractor. For fruit growers and vineyards with different types of tractors we also supply some model", "of the hair.\" The result of the lightening was pale blonde where the regrowth was with a light pink mid shaft and very pale pink ends.\nSTEP 2: To the root, apply Joico Sapphire Blue.\nSTEP 3: Then alternate different combinations of color melts from mids to ends:\n-Joico Indigo, Light Purple, and Light Purple and Clear mix\n-Pravana Neon Green\n-A mix of Pravana and Rusk to make a custom emerald green.\n\"When applying I kept any green shades off of the hair that was still really pink.\"\nSTEP 4: Process with heat for 20 minutes. Cool and then rinse with cool water.", "Peanut Butter Brownie||4 each|\n|548197||Mascarpone Cheese||1 cup|\n|272301||Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, ground||1 cup|\n|203092||GFS Chocolate Syrup||1/4 cup|\nWash hands. Fold chocolate syrup into Marscapone cheese. In a glass parfait dish, layer brownie, Marscapone cheese mix, and peanut butter cup mini pieces and repeat to the top of the dish", "65 Revisited is a 2007 American documentary film by D. A. Pennebaker, made from footage the director shot for his famous 1967 film, Dont Look Back. Both films show Bob Dylan and entourage during their 1965 concert tour of the U.K. The newer film shows outtakes from its predecessor and contains several full-length song p", "The Jet Set Girls and our friend, Nuy, of Nuy Beauty demonstrate how to do the perfect smokey eye.\nSecond City Style knows mothers want to be pampered and feel refreshed and renewed with seven Mother's Day Gift Ideas For Your 'Beautiful' Mother.\nShopping and Info loves the lilac tops from Diane Von Furstenberg and the sky blue bags from Ralph Lauren for summer.\nStyleBakery put together the ultimate spring shopping list with 10 key items to instantly update your look.\n$250 at bloomingdales.com\n$174.95 at nordstrom.com\nget free shipping and free returns on all orders\n$26 at baublebar.com\nget free shipping on all orders\n$59.50 at jcrew.com\n$99 at macys.com\nget free shipping on all orders $99+\n1. Editor picks: top 10 must-buys for spring - Our 2 week series continues, highlighting over 100 things we're loving this season.\n2. 5 ways to reuse your old mascara wand - Before you toss your old mascara, save the wand!\n3. Diggin' on indigo: copy Beth Behrs' makeup - Find out how to get her blue smokey eye.\n4. Steal Jessica Alba's neon cropped skinnies - The actress keeps it bright and punchy.\n5. How to wear a maxi skirt - Find out how to style one for work, weekend, and evening.\n6. Bold color choices on the red carpet - and we're loving them!\n7. Top sunglasses trends to kick off spring and summer - Time to invest in a new pair of sunnies.\n8. Wedges worth wearing for under $100 - A summer staple at wallet-friendly prices.\n9. Spring outfit idea: a tie-front top with a midi skirt - Get the look here.\n10. Jessica Biel's hair is bangin' - We're loving her beachy waves + bangs combo.\n$97.95 at nordstrom.com", "$160 at maxandchloe.com\nApril 2012 Archives\n$160 at maxandchloe.com\n1. 10 instant updates for spring 2012 - Here's our ultimate shopping list of key items to help update last year's wardrobe for spring 2012.\n2. 10 spring trends you already own - No need to buy a whole new wardrobe this season.\n3. 16 ways to wear a scarf - Get inspired with new ways to tie a spring scarf.\n4. Try a metallic heel this spring - Metal heels bring an unexpected twist to pastel and bright outfits.\n5. Save face in a pinch with these makeup products - Sometimes you only have 5 minutes to look good.\n6. Staying in the lines: Copy Mila Kunis' under eye liner - There is a fine art to applying to eyeliner under the eye.\n7. Celeb trendspotting: laser cutouts - Nicole Richie and Elizabeth Banks are trying out a cool new trend on the red carpet.\n8. Summer party look - Perfect for a tropical celebration.\n9. Make your own mix and match nail colors - Layer colors to personalize your manicure.\n10. Red carpet: 23rd Annual Glaad Media Awards - Stars step out in simple chic spring looks.\nWhether it's a classic tote that eases into everyday life or a structured satchel that's set in the grainy weave, these Top 5 Straw Basics will surprise you with their versatility. At BagSnob.\nThe NARS Duo Concealer is one of the best concealers BeautySnob has ever used\nAs spring arrives with blooming flowers, Coquette loves the colorful and lifelike ladybug pins by Diana Eng that can now adorn your clothing.\nFashion Pulse Daily just can't get enough of the Lisa Perry + Jeff Koons collaboration, taking nostalgia and quirk to a fabulous new level.", "What did the recent survey by the California HealthCare Foundation reveal about Californians' desires regarding death and end-of-life planning", "Current customers can now shop directly from the Sienna Bakery site! Simply click the enable cart button and begin placing your product order today.\nWe would love to help you grow your business. Tell us about your business needs and how we can help you distinguish yourself with Sienna Bakery products.Sign Up\n|226260||Sienna Bakery Chocolate", "Tiffin is a form of cake-like confection composed of crushed biscuits (most commonly digestive biscuits) sugar, syrup, raisins and cocoa powder, often covered with a layer of melted chocolate. Unlike regular cakes, Tiffin does not require baking. Instead, following preparation of the mixture, the confection is chilled until set. As a consequence the product may also known as 'fridge cake' or another similar term.\nWant to bribe", "Following the U.S. Women\u2019s Open is a tough task, but the Walmart NW Arkansas Championship Presented by P&G and its $2 million purse is more than ready for the challenge.\nThe 54-hole tournament marks the midway point of the LPGA\u2019s 2014 season, and one talented player will be able to begin her Fourth of July celebration a bit early by hoisting the championship trophy on Sunday. The Tour takes a week off next week before heading to England for the RICOH Women\u2019s British Open, the third of five majors on this season\u2019s calendar.\nThat leaves the LPGA\u2019s lone Arkansas event as the final tune-up before players pack their bags for the UK. World No. 1 Stacy Lewis, a University of Arkansas graduate, would love to pick up her 11th career Tour victory in her home state, and she would be the first American to claim the tournament title.\nSouth Korea\u2019s Inbee Park is the defending champion, Thailand\u2019s Yani Tseng won back-to-back titles from 2010-11, Japan\u2019s Ai Miyazato reigned supreme in 2012, and South Koreans Jiyai Shin and Seon Hwa Lee won in 2009 and 2008, respectively. The magic number each of the last three years has been 12-under-par, so any player taking the red numbers that low will have a great chance to add their name to the winner\u2019s trophy.\nWith the exception of Shin, all past champions are returning this year, and they are joined in the field by 2014 tournament winners Paula Creamer, Cristie Kerr, Lydia Ko, Jessica Korda, Lewis, Anna Nordqvist, Park, Suzann Pettersen, Lizette Salas, Lexi Thompson and Mich", "What challenges does Hermione face in the narrative mentioned in the text segment", "30 years, over 200 issues, 30 trade paperback collections plus 3 stand-alone graphic novels, and frequent crossovers with one of the most beloved franchises of all time. That is the legacy of Usagi Yojimbo. The series follows Miyamoto Usagi, a masterless samurai (ronin) who wanders the land on a warrior\u2019s pilgrimage (musha shugy\u014d). The time period takes place near the beginning of Japan\u2019s Edo period, and the stories contain both real, historical elements and events mixed with fantastic folklore and mythology. It\u2019s with all of these components that creator Stan Sakai built his initial story from the ground up, and 30 years later it\u2019s that same world that continues to grow and flourish. And it all starts with an anthropomorphized rabbit samurai seeking shelter for the night.\n\u201cI remember that day well\u2026\u201d\nThe series initially started off as a handful of one-off books in 1984 with the comic publisher Fantagraphics. After 38 issues, it moved to Mirage Comics for another 16 issues and then moved to publisher Dark Horse where it\u2019s been under ever since. With 30 years of stories, it can seem intimidating trying to find a point to jump on and start reading. With most other ongoing comic series, you can base the suggestion around your favorite creative teams, or which storyline is your favorite, or even which relaunch/reboot is in effect. But in this case, I would recommend the simplest solution: start from the beginning. Fantagraphics have re-released their issues in a large two-volume set, and Dark Horse is re-releasing their older collections in a larger format also; finally, for digital fans, the majority of the series is up on the Comixology app. Trust me, seeing the story beats that were planted even in the early-going makes the current storylines that much richer.\nUsagi\u2019s continued popularity can easily be credited to both the stories and characters. The entire series is known for both unique individual stories such as \u201cThe Green Persimmon\u201d, where an innocuous sculpture holds the key to unraveling a conspiracy against the Shogunate; as well as several long-form storylines, one of the most notable being \u201cGrasscutter\u201d, a massive story arc that involves almost every character in the series to date in a race to claim a mythical sword. You\u2019ll see the characters get older, retain scars or injuries from combat, witness the seasons change, fall in love and have children, etc. They grow and evolve, and move in and out of the stories as people do in real life.\nTying in with the character building is the painstaking attention to detail to its world. Almost every story has some form of a historical or mythological element that\u2019s been exhaustively researched. These include details such as period-appropriate dress and behavior, how peasants would farm and raise crops, how lords would travel, the treatment of samurai from both upper and lower classes; they also include how demons, ghosts, and monsters such as yokai and kappa would look and behave according to", "Pairings: OC/OC, Harry/Ginny, Ron/Hermione\nAdvisory: Strong Language, Scenes of a Mild Sexual Nature\nPublished: 2008.03.16 Latest Chapter: 2008.09.10 Updated: 2008.09.10 Status: WIP (17570 words)\nHermione has always been the smart one, knowing exactly what to do in times of crisis. But what about when her life goes down a road no book can help you with; Love.\nThat's where her best friends come in, whether she wants it or not.\nOver 700 reads!\nGenres: Romance Era: Hogwarts Characters: Harry, Hermione, OC, Ron Pairings: Ron/Hermione, Harry/Ginny, OC/OC\nAdvisory: Mild Language, Scenes of a Mild Sexual Nature\nPublished: 2007.11.09 Latest Chapter: 2008.03.02 Updated: 2008.03.02 Status: Abandoned (6047 words)", "Thousands of drunken driving cases, some more than 10 years old, could be closing soon, according to news reports.\nSouth Carolina Supreme Court Chief Justice may issues a statewide order to cancel the number of backlog DUI cases. The Public Safety Director said the DUI cases need to be cleared in order to make highways safer, according to news reports.\nSouth Carolina has ranked high in recent years for the number of impaired driving fatalities. In 2010, the South Carolina Highway Patrol made nearly 16-thousand DUI cases.\nThe court will be working to prosecute backlogged cases quick", "What age group is the toy suitable for", "What famous fictional characters and influences are incorporated into the Japanese folklore set in the series discussed", "With her sultry voice and intoxicating stage persona, Jaleh creates music that is as bewitching as the artist herself. She\u2019s an old soul who casts spells of love and healing to all that see her perform. She is currently working on a new album of medicine music inspired by the Earth and the expansive liberation achieved through sacred ceremony, plant medicines, sound therapy and yogic breathwork.\nInspired by 1960's psychedelic soul, blues, jazz and pop, her musical influences are as eclectic as her style. After rocketing onto the San Francisco music scene with her band Royal Jelly Jive, she quickly found herself hitting career highlights such as playing Bottlerock, Outside Lands, The Fillmore, as well as opening for The Roots, Michael Franti, Thievery Corporation, the Avett Brothers and Lake Str", "What are some key shopping items suggested for updating a wardrobe for spring 2012", "ship of Local 1181 could only emphasize in response how polite and harmless it was. Jimmy Hedge, a member of the local\u2019s executive board told the media that \u201cwe\u2019re conducting a civil strike. We\u2019re moving away from the driveways\u201d when scab buses enter and leave garages.\nThe union bureaucracy participated in a protest at the headquarters of the DOE on Wednesday in the company of Democratic Party politicians to pressure the mayor to return to bargaining. No politician could summon up the courage to defend the drivers, and none could place the blame for the harm that is being done to tens of thousands of the city\u2019s most vulnerable children squarely at the door of Bloomberg.\nThe World Socialist Web Site spoke to pickets at the Atlantic Express garage in the Bronx Thursday.\nLike other picket lines in this strike, the union has made no provision to give even minimal comforts to strikers, such as hot coffee or port-a-potties in the extremely cold weather. Nevertheless, we found that workers were more interested in information about the strike than anything else.\nAnthony, a bus driver with 10 years\u2019 experience, remarked on the lack of reliable information: \"They tell us that buses are getting inspected so they will be ready if we go back to work, but nothing has changed,\u201d he said. \u201cThe union is supposed to go to court tomorrow. That is the rumor.\u201d\nHe added: \u201cI thought that this would be a long strike because the Mayor is not even listening to any offers. But if we don't have the safety of the EPP, we don't have a job.\u201d\nOne matron with seven years\u2019 experience told us: \u201cI have two children who are now paras working in schools in Astoria in Queens and Kingsbridge in the Bronx. They talk about how so many kids can't have transportation and about teachers losing jobs. The kids need transportation and education.\n\u201cTo stay in this situation in a strike in general is not good. We only have medical benefits to January 31, I was told. Nobody answered at the union when we called about the insurance.\u201d\nAnother matron added, \u201cThe government has money. What is going on with the working people? Are the children with special needs not going to go to school for five months? What about their parents? How can they take care of their children? They can't stay home.\u201d\nAbraham Polanco told the WSWS. \u201cAt 55 years of age, where am I going to get hired, if they take my job? Why does Bloomberg want to do this to people like us? What they need to do is create jobs, not take away what we have.\n\u201cThey take all these taxes from us to support the city. Who takes all that money? It doesn't come to us. They have to lower rent and expenses. How can they talk about lowering wages? Everything is political. We aren\u2019t asking for a raise, just for job security. You need a secure job so you can retire with dignity.\n\u201cThe rich get control. The Democrats and Republicans work together. The millionaires want to put their money to work, to invest. They need workers. But when it comes to politics, there is nothing beneficial for the working people.\u201d", "es and rustic frayed edges!\nWired Heavy Natural Burlap\nStylish Burlap Ribbon with a wired edge is made from natural jute.\nSheer Metallic Stripes\nSheer ribbon with satin stripes.\nPre-tied Sheer Gift Bows\nPre tied sheer organza bows with twist ties.\nMetallic Confetti Gift Bows\nMetallic selfadhesive Confetti Gift Bows are great for Christmas!\nWired Metallic Edge Mesh Ribbon\nGorgeous Sheer Ribbon with a wired metallic edge always holds shape!\nBurlap Stripes Ribbon\nSoft Woven Burlap Ribbon with classic two toned stripes.\nGlitter Tulle Ribbon\nValue tulle with glitter will add sparkle to your gift packaging!\nSatin Double Ruffle Ribbon\nAdorable satin ribbon with a fun ruffled edge!\nMetallic Diagonal Stripes\nSatin ribbon with metallic diagonal stripes!\nRaffia Ribbon - 3 Colors in 1 Roll\nThree colors of raffia ribbon on one spool to make fabulous multi colored bows!\nTulle Fabric Rolls\nCloseout Product! Wide rolls of solid color tulle ribbon and organza tulle with sequins.\nIridescent Stripe Sheer Ribbon\nSheer ribbon with iridescent or metallic striped threads.\nVibrant Metallic Ribbon\nVibrant metallic wired ribbon.\nPicket Stripe Ribbon\nGrosgrain Ribbon featuring a metallic stripe design.\nFinal mark down ribbons! Several designs to choose from including seasonal and everyday.\nMetallic Dot Linen Ribbon\nNatural Linen Ribbon featuring bold metallic polka dots!\nPre-tied Velvet Gift Bows\nPretied velvet bows with twist ties.\nLinen Tiny Dot Fringe Ribbon\nFun Natural Linen Ribbon with frayed edge in black or metallic dots!\nWired Glitz Ribbons\nFestive Christmas Wired Ribbons.\nChristmas Velvet Ribbon\nLuxurious ribbon with fine stitched edging.\nWired edge ribbons perfect for Christmas!\nSimple to use ribbon shredder gives regular ribbon a fun fringed look.\nWired Sheer Glitter Grids\nAdd glitz and sparkle to your packaging.\nMetallic Christmas Stripes\nSheer ribbons in traditional colors!\nLinen or Satin Ribbon with glitter or metallic hearts.\nSinamay Mesh Ribbon\nCloseout Pricing! Unique Sustainable Mesh Ribbon in natural or metallic threads.\nWired Metallic Mesh Ribbon\nShimmery Wired Metallic Sheer Ribbon quickly creates an upscale look!\nWired Christmas Traditions Ribbon\nWired Ribbon in holiday designs!\nWired Metallic Mesh Weave Ribbon\nSheer Wired Metallic Mesh Ribbon with sequins!\nWired Fall Ribbons\nWired Ribbon in autumn colors and prints.\nRibbon & Bows\nRibbons and bows provide the perfect finishing touch to your packages. They can provide an upscale focal point or a show your fun side with bright colors and fun prints. Nashville Wraps has hundreds of choices of ribbons and bows to choose from, all in one place!\nSatin and Fabric Ribbons\nOur double faced satin ribbons are made from the highest quality fabric. These ribbons are easy to tie, and make beautiful bows. We can\nthese, and other, ribbons quickly in house for your weddings or special events.\nCotton, jute and grosgrain ribbons are the perfect choice for natural packaging. Cotton and Jute ribbons come in several size and even print options to suit your style. Grosgrain ribbons are great for hair bows for little girls or cheerleaders, and with our wide range of colors, you are sure to find your team colors! For more great ideas on using fabric ribbons check out our blog on\nRibbon Ties for Father's Day!\nRaffia and Twine\nRaffia ribbon comes in more colors than you could ever imagine! This versatile ribbon can be used on gift bag handles for a simple but stunning finishing touch. Combine colors and finishes to really add a pop of style to your packages!\nChoose from one of our many jute twine or baker's twine colors. These petite ribbons are great for tying cello bags or making bows on smaller packages. Twine can be used for so much more than just bows! Check out our blog on\nfor decorating at a party!\nhow to make tissue tassels\nSheer organza ribbon comes in so many sizes and styles, the possibilities are endless! Whether you are looking for ribbons to use for your wedding pew bows and bouquets, or to tie a gift basket- look no further than Nashville Wraps wide selections!\nWe know not everyone has the ability or time to tie beautiful bows for every package! That is why we offer such a wide range of pre-tied and self-adhesive bows! Our pre-tied bows are perfect for pairing with\nfor a quick and easy packaging for your gourmet treats! If your store is offering free gift wrap, choose from one of our hundreds of self-adhesive bows or pull bows to provide consistently beautiful packaging!\nprinted cello treat bags", "What chronic conditions can Calcarea carbonica be used to treat according to the Gale Encyclopedia of Alternative Medicine", "What happens when a ticket number is queried back with the prefix 'r:'", "What steps are involved in applying hair color and emulsions in the described lightening process", "important. The next factor that determines how much it cost to ship a car is the number of other vehicles going on the same route as your car being shipped. If you are the only vehicle on the route, chances are the cost of your car ship may go up, because the auto transport carriers usually prefer to travel with more than one vehicle in a load at a time.\nCurrent costs of diesel fuel can also affect how much it cost to ship car North Dakota. Enclosed Auto Transport also affects the cost, because it usually costs 30-40% more than open-air Auto Transport, due to the fact that enclosed auto transport protects your car shipping North Dakota from the outside elements. Get a free Auto Transport quote from Easy Auto Ship by filling out our car shipping calculator online, calling us at 888-687-3243, or starting a live chat with one our car shipping experts North Dakota.\nSome different ways to locate our Car Shipping North Dakota services\n- North Dakota Auto Transport\n- Car Shipping North Dakota\n- Transport Companies North Dakota\n- How to Ship a Car To or From North Dakota\n- North Dakota Car Shipping\n- Auto Transport North Dakota\n- North Dakota Auto Transport Services\n- Moving To or From North Dakota\nWhy Easy Auto Ship For North Dakota Auto Transport?\nWe strive to provide every customer with the highest caliber customer service possible. We value every single customer, and do our best to make the auto shipping process as simple and seamless as possible.\nReady to get started?\nUse our Shipping Calculator above to get an instant quote, or give us a call at (888) 687-3243 to speak to one of our experienced Transport Specialists.\nAuto Transport By State\nHow It Works\nEasy Auto Ship makes the auto transport process as easy as possible. Whether you're a frequent shipper or a first time shipper, our experienced Transport Specialists are here to make sure that your auto transport goes smoothly. It's as easy as this:\nLet us take care of the hard part for you. Our team will give you updates throughout the process and be there to solve any problems that may arise, so you can sit back and relax.\nCustomers Love Us\nDon't just take our word for it though! Check out the thousands of five star reviews we've earned by striving to be the best in the auto transportation industry", "What working widths are available for Perfect's flail pruning choppers", "Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.\nFirst, prepare brownies. In a small saucepan, whisk together cacao powder and one cup of water. Gently heat up over medium heat until the cacao powder has dissolved. Add butter and oil and gently bring to a simmer, stirring constantly. Remove from the heat and cool for a while.\nMeanwhile, in a bowl of a stand mixer, combine together flour and sugar. Gradually add the chilled cacao mixture and beat well for 3-4 minutes on medium speed. Beat in milk and eggs and continue to mix until completely smooth.\nGrease a 15\u2019\u2019x10\u2019\u2019 baking pan with some cooking spray and line with parchment paper. Pour the batter in the prepared baking pan and bake for 30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean.\nRemove from the oven and cool to a room temperature. Cut into 15 equal brownies and set aside. Now, prepare the frosting. In a small saucepan, combine together cacao powder, butter, and milk. Gently bring to a simmer and cook for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Transfer the mixture to a bowl of a stand mixer and add confectioners\u2019 sugar and vanilla extract. Beat well for 2 minutes on high speed.\nPour the mixture over the chilled brownies and dust with shredded coconut. Refrigerate for at least an hour bef", "What method does the paper illustrate for rationalizing the design of energy integrated systems", "Car Shipping in North Dakota with Easy Auto Ship\nThe state of North Dakota is mostly known for its cold winters and landscapes. It is also the number one producer of honey in the United States. North Dakota does not have too many visitors. However, many residents find themselves immersed in various local events and recreational activities. North Dakota\u2019s residents also tend to head south during the cold, winter months, because the weather during the winter can be quite harsh. When planning a move, you might think that driving your car is more frugal than car shipping North Dakota, but it\u2019s much more frustrating than you might realize. To save yourself the stress that moving sometimes causes, consider car transport North Dakota with Easy Auto Ship. At Easy Auto Ship, we take pride in our efficient and reputable service.\nPlease consider using our Auto Shipping North Dakota services and save money and time with Easy Auto Ship. Let Easy Auto Ship take some of the stress of moving off your hands. We will take care of shipping your car to or from North Dakota so you can focus on your move. Using our North Dakota Auto Transport also saves you time versus driving the car yourself. We can provide open-air car shipping or enclosed car shipping. Easy Auto Ship also offers expedited car shipping for those customers looking for a move in a hurry. All of our car transporters are licensed, bonded, and insured, making sure that carrier\u2019s insurance is properly vetted. Contact Easy Auto Ship today to get a free car shipping quote for car shipping North Dakota services.\nImportant Things To Remember About Car Shipping in North Dakota\nTravelling to a new destination by driving your own vehicle may sound nice. However, when you take into consideration the time the trip will take, the cost of hotels and food, and the wear and tear to your vehicle, shipping car North Dakota sounds so much more appealing. At Easy Auto Ship, we will ensure your move to or from North Dakota will go smoothly.\nNorth Dakota Car Shipping\nNumerous situations affect how much it cost to ship a car, but the largest factor is the distance you need to ship a car. In a state like North Dakota, with it being so sparsely travelled to, your location to pick up or drop off your car shipping North Dakota is", "nt to the electorate on a promise of frugality (they even travelled in the Metro to reach the swearing-in ceremony venue), will consistently be a target of this gamesmanship.\nThe first salvo, of course, was the criticism of Kejriwal\u2019s decision to provide partially-free water to Delhi\u2019s residents and his other announcement of auditing energy providers in the city. Both decisions were fulfillment of promises made in the party manifesto. But the ad hominem attacks on Kejriwal continue, and are not likely to end soon. The wily, and often vicious, nature of Delhi politics will ensure that Kejriwal faces unforeseen troubles in the next six months.\nA large proportion of his time, as indeed his government\u2019s, might even be spent in warding off these challenges. He will stumble. He might even fail. There will be intense public and media scrutiny of his actions. But if he fails, will that mean the end of the Aam Aadmi Party or its brand of politics? Would it mean that the established political parties would make a comeback and go back to their profligacy and misgovernance? It is precisely because of these considerations that it is important for the electorate to focus more on the idea of a new political discourse, rather than Kejriwal alone. The AAP has facilitated a new kind of politics. Or, at least, it has promised to facilitate.\nIt is not clear what path this political discourse may take. In the late 1970s, Jayaprakash Narayan propagated the Sampoorna Kranti (Total Revolution) movement, and even held a massive rally at Delhi\u2019s Ramlila Maidan, exactly the same venue for much of Kejriwal\u2019s political activism. He inspired the formation of Janata Party, which later constituted the government in 1977, thanks to the votes of a frustrated and angry nation. Janata Party itself did not succeed for a long time; and by 1980, Indira Gandhi and the Congress party were back in power.\nThe only thing that united the members of the Janata Party was hatred for Mrs Gandhi. It was the party\u2019s single-point agenda, just as corruption is the AAP\u2019s sole obsession. The parallels are for all to see, though circumstances are seemingly different today. It is for this reason that Kejriwal should be the instrument of change; not change in itself. The dawn of new politics should shine upon an idea, not an individual.\nSachin Kalbag is the executive editor of MiD DAY. He can be reached at email@example.com. On Twitter, he can be found at @SachinKalba", "equired to supply fossil fuels, the constraints of not being connected to a national network and the locations in very precarious environments, with limited or inexistent resources except for solar. This paper illustrates a holistic method to rationalize the design of energy integrated systems accounting for Life Cycle Analysis parameters (CST method). It is based on a superstructure (collection of models of all envisaged technologies) using a multi-modal and multi-objective evolutionary algorithm. The models include both solar power technologies as well as conventional Diesel electric generators. The approach is applied to the supply of energy services to an oasis in the Sahara desert. The study shows that the economic implementation of renewable energy (solar) is even more difficult, compared to Diesel based solutions, in cases of isolated communities with high load variations.\nRecord created on 2007-09-12, modified on 2016-08-08", "October 1, 2013\nI\u2019m a morning person. I get up early, go to the sun porch to ready my Bible and pray for people. I\u2019m a sky watcher. I love looking up into the sky.\nMonday morning I looked \u2014 the sun was beginning to rise \u2014 and such beauty. The sky was gorgeous and looked like a crystal-cleare lake of green and blue inside all the surrounding area of colo", "What happens if the tournament winners are not decided within the initial rounds", "What distinguishes the design of the Perfect flail pruning choppers in relation to connection with tractors", "SKU : 3488\nBe the first to review this product\nThe set consists of two-sided play of cake with different toppings, a plate, a knife, a dark chocolate bar, and 6 removable candles. The cake can also be cut into 6 slices and kid can write the name on the chocolate bar with chalk. This toy i", "it at a computer for example all these things can affect your back and increase or decrease the chances of having a back problem. Dr. Fabien Bitan: In younger patients, very often there's an accident at the origin of the problem as when it's an older patient, it's more natural occurring process. Dr. John Regan: Well I think people that are overweight, out of shape and lift improperly are probably the people who have increased chances of having back problems. What is degenerative disk disease? Dr. John Regan: Degenerative Disk disease is a term applied to the degeneration of a disk. Dr. Fabien Bitan: The disk are some cushion between the vertebrate in your back and when they got degenerative and they wear out, your back does not function normally and every movement creates pain and sometimes creates nerve compression and sciatica. Dr. John Regan: And these disks as a matter of aging can deteriorate with age. Some people earlier than other people that seems to be so much genetically determined and it also can be spread along by injuries that occurred to the disk.\nCopyright \u00a9 2005 - 2015 Healthline Networks, Inc. All rights reserved for Healthline.", "What percentage of cases involved young competitive athletes during non-competitive sports deaths", "Santa Clause and his elves so that you are granted all your wishes this Christmas? Well here is a sweet treat that is sure please Father Christmas and have him deliver you great presents on Christmas day. Watch Barry & cute little Phoebe dressed up as elves as they make Santa some delicious chocolate tiffin. Now isn\u2019t that a perfect Christmas treat? Your kids are simply going to love this video, and the chocolate treat as well!", "What Christmas treat are Barry and Phoebe making for Santa in the video", "What factors affect the cost of shipping a car in North Dakota", "Multiobjective Optimisation of integrated energy systems for remote communities considering economic and LCA factors\nResources both physical and financial are scarce in most developing countries while environmental concerns are growing requiring a greater effort to rationally plan investments. Nowadays the methods for designing, planning and managing integrated energy systems, while holistically considering the major economic and environmental factors, are still embryonic. However, the first phase of the design is often crucial if we want to aim at a better resource management and at the reduction of energy consumption together with reduced environmental impact. Considering integrated energy systems implies dealing with complex systems in which the synergy between the various components is exploited at best. The context of isolated communities further increases the difficulties when considering the long distance of transportation r", "|Track This Author:|\n|Favorite Author of:||3|\nSo, I am an amateur writer, but i think this place is the best for me to expand my writing knowledge. my stories are based either on real life experiences or concoctions from my own brain. So, Hope you like them and please review. i could use constru\nIn a world of magic, it is not uncommon for there to be strange and undiscovered creatures. Bella is human in almost every respect, but one. Her powers remain a mystery even in the modern world of magic. And her past may come back to haunt her in a most unusual ways\nBanner made by weluvjamesandcharlie. beautiful!\nGenres: Drama, Romance, Action/Adventure Era: Hogwarts Characters: Ginny, Harry, Hermione, OC, Ron", "s perfect for imaginative play and fraction teaching. Suitable for children 3 years and up.\nOnly registered users can write reviews. Please, Log in or Register\nSign up to our newsletter to receive exclusive offers,\ndiscounts and be the first to know about\nnew product releases & much more\u2026", "erformances, something the first film did not provide.\nThe film opened in theaters on November 28, 2007. It is also available as the second disc in a DVD reissue called Bob Dylan: Don't Look Back - 65 Tour Deluxe Edition.\nBesides Dylan himself, persons appearing in 65 Revisited include Joan Baez, Bob Neuwirth, and Nico.", "ore serving.\nThe rich-and-gooey double chocolate brownies include soft cake layer and tender chocolate frosting which melts in the mouth. This is probably one of the best classic chocolate dessert recipes you can prepare for yourself and your family that nobody can say no to. Created as an ultimate comfort food, these mind-blowing brownies come with rich taste, incredible texture, and some valuable nutrients as well.\nAlthough it comes with quite a lot of calories, one serving of this fantastic dessert will provide 53% of daily needs for vitamin D. It also comes with a decent amount of iron and calcium. Furthermore, Zen Spirit premium raw cacao powder is a good source of copper and manganese both of which are crucial for good health and well-balanced metabolism.\nThese brownies are probably good as they are but I have decided to dust them with some shredded coconut for a bit of extra flavor which is a good idea as the coconut will nicely balance the heavy chocolate flavor.\nYou can also top these brownies with some fresh berries for a nice bittersweet touch or some finely chopped nuts for a crunchy option. The choice is yours! Enjoy!\nNutrition information per serving: Kcal: 620 Protein: 3.6g, Total Carb: 95g, Dietary Fiber: 1.4g, Total Fat: 28.2g", "What are the business hours after the closure for New Year's Day", "What do The Jet Set Girls and Nuy offer in their demonstration", "Will there be The Cuphead Show Season 4 or Not? Let\u2019s find out the details. The initial season of this series on Netflix has just completed its year on the streaming joint and the response received from all viewers is so positive that they\u2019re already waiting for season 4.\nBut if we believe the reports we are getting it is quite discouraging to say that there\u2019s much less likelihood that it\u2019s going to be coming out with its Season 4.\nAll the previous three seasons of this much loved animated series in the history of Netflix were released in the year 2022, the last season was released in November 2022.\nThe story of this animated series is adapted from a video game and follows the story of cuphead and his brother mug man.\nSo without further ado let us move on to find out the chance of The Cuphead Show Season 4 coming, if you do not want to miss any updates about this animated series keep reading this article until the end!! !\nThe Cuphead Show Season 4 Renewed or Canceled?\nHow likely is it that this great animated series on Netflix entitled The Cuphead Show Season 4 will come out with the next season?\nTo date, the announcement about the renewal of the series has not been made by the makers and it\u2019s unlikely to be soon.\nBut", "y, delivered to your room.\nThe motel has a number of different type of studio rooms available to meet your specific needs, including Standard Studios, Twin-share Studios, Family Studios and Premium Spa Studios. We also have inter-connecting studios available on request.\nEvery room has air conditioning, balcony, remote controlled colour TVs, refrigerators, tea & coffee making facilities, en-suites (Premium Spa studios with large spa baths), Wireless Broadband internet access is available in every room, electric blankets, iron and ironing boards, hairdryers, clock radios, mini-bars and plunger coffee. Microwaves, cots and highchairs are all available on request at no extra charge.", "elle Wie. A loaded field, having only three days to climb up the leaderboard and a solid six-figure pay day for the winner should set the stage for another great showdown.\nPark defeated good friend So Yeon Ryu on the first hole of a sudden-death playoff to earn last year\u2019s title, and players may need extra holes yet again \u2013 for the fourth time in seven years \u2013 to decide a winner. Pinnacle Country Club is a par-71, 6,389-yard track that gives the world\u2019s best women\u2019s golfers ample birdie opportunities, so red numbers should be the norm.\nIn addition to the trio of playoffs the tournament has seen in its first six years, the other three years, the championship was decided by a single stroke. So, every shot carries a huge weight in the three-day birdie barrage.\nA win for Lewis would be a dream, but she\u2019s not the only Razorback in the field. The tournament awarded sponsor exemptions to incoming junior Gabriela Lopez and recently graduated senior Emily Tubert, so cries of \u201cPig sooie!\u201d could very well be rampant throughout the galleries.\nThe tournament benefits The First Tee of NW Arkansas and the Boys and Girls Club of Benton County and Washington County, so the always charity-minded LPGA stars will be doing great things to help the local community just by playing in the tournament and actively participating in tournament-week events.\nSome Southern hospitality, coupled with great golf and a national TV audience is a perfect fit for the Tour between major championships, and it will no doubt be fun to watch", "What factors contributed to boosting survival rates among athletes suffering cardiac arrest according to the study", "What is the legacy of the Usagi Yojimbo series over its 30-year history", "d. If worker thread is running, when it finally gets to this new ticket, it will process its params and put result into struct result changing flag ready to true. If no more tickets are detected, the thread will quit, until next submission. I have added 1 second delay, to emulate possible delay with ticket processing. It is not needed, just for testing.\nIf command is \u201cr:\u201d, the rest of the string is converted to long int. Map tickets is then searched for the ticket with matching id. If such ticket exists, it then checked for readiness and if it is ready the result is sent back. If string passed to the extension starts with neither \u201cs:\u201d nor \u201cr:\u201d, \u201cINVALID COMMAND\u201d message is sent back. As you can see there is not much to it.\nOne more thing. As I have mentioned before, there is a limit of how much you can return in one go from extension. This limit is defined by outputSize. If the result that you\u2019re sending back is longer than this, you will need to chop it and send in pieces. I will also leave it to you to figure this out on your own (if you ever come across it). Now for the SQF part:\nKK_fnc_callExtensionAsync is SQF function that handles communication with the extension. 1st element of the array that is passed to this function is the bare param you send to extension. 2nd element is the variable containing callback function, in this case KK_fnc_callBackFunc. The return of KK_fnc_callExtensionAsync is spawn script handle. KK_fnc_callBackFunc will receive extension output in _this variable after myparam is processed by the extension.\nThis example will mostly run in scheduled environment even if started in unscheduled, because of the use of waitUntil. Callback function will also be executed in scheduled environment. If you need unscheduled execution, consider writing the whole routine in FSM.\nEDIT: OK, thanks to MaHuJa I revised the code and made some amendments. Changed map to unordered_map and added mutex. I thought I could get away without, but after thorough testing managed to break it. Also there was unintentional error in the code I have no idea how it got there. Anyway, updated code is just a tad bit more complicated because of the mutex but is more robust.\nEDIT: Changed volatile to atomic after MaHuJa\u2019s advice and reading about it a bit more.", "What are some benefits of using Easy Auto Ship for car shipping in North Dakota", "www.chimpreports.com-Leading in Breaking News\nChimpreports.com Website Analysis (Review)\nChimpreports.com has 9,167 daily visitors and has the potential to earn up to 1,100 USD per month by showing ads. See traffic statistics for more information.\nHosted on IP address 22.214.171.124 in Provo, United States.\nChimpreports.com has an estimated worth of 39,603 USD.\n|Home | The Independent: You get the truth We Pay the Price|\nindependent.co.ug - Sites like independent.co.ug\nPresident desperately fails to control a rebel parliament Barely a year into his fourth five-year term, President Yoweri Museveni for the first time in his 26-year rule appears to be losing his grip.\n|East African Business Week|\nbusiweek.com - Sites like busiweek.com\nEast African Business Week, unveiling business news and opportunities in the East African countries Uganda, Kenya, Tanzania, Burundi and Rwanda\n|Safaris and Tours in Uganda | Hotels in Uganda | Buy Send flowers, money, Fees, Gifts to Uganda Tour|\nhellouganda.com - Sites like hellouganda.com\nUganda online web portal, Hotels in Uganda, Hotels in Kampala, Buy and Send flowers, flower service Uganda, gifts, send burgers online, send pizzas online, send pizzas to Uganda, send flowers to Uganda, Uganda e commerce,\n|Welcome! African Outlook Online Home page|\nafricanoutlookonline.com - Sites like africanoutlookonline.com\nReporting Africa from the African perspective\n|WangoWeb | Ghana's Source for Breaking News, Sports, Entertainment, Classifieds and Directory Servic|\nwangoweb.com - Sites like wangoweb.com\n|In2EastAfrica - East African news, Headlines, Business, Tourism, Sports, Health, Entertainment, Educ|\nin2eastafrica.net - Sites like in2eastafrica.net\n|Brabys - Online Map & Business Search Directory for South Africa - Brabys Business Directory|\nbrabys.com - Sites like brabys.com\nBrabys - Online Map & Business Directory for information on business, community, government, entertainment & recreation for Southern Africa & the Indian Ocean Islands\n|Ugandan Business Directory | Business Directory Uganda | Business Directory Kampala|\nuganda-uganda.com - Sites like uganda-uganda.com\nThe Complete Online Business Directory for Uganda. The Ugandan Business Dir", "What percentage of older patients have had discussions with their doctors about end-of-life wishes", "s with a special headstock that fits both the tractor front- and rear linkage without any transformation.\nIn the construction of our Perfect flail pruning choppers quality comes first. Fruit growers and vineyards on all continents work for years without significant interference and prove the Perfect flail pruning choppers to be among the best in their class.", "What are the steps to prepare the brownies and frosting mentioned in the text", "What nutrients are provided by one serving of the double chocolate brownies", "What type of music is Jaleh currently working on for her new album", "My long-suffering fianc\u00e9 works in an office of seven people, including three vegetarians. The other night I was recreating a Crockpot vegetarian, green bean dish that I had made for last year\u2019s office Thanksgiving. It was a big hit, even with the meat eaters. I had to work really hard to make it rich in flavor and mouthfeel for everyone to enjoy, and I remembered just what I had put in it before. Naturally, I hadn\u2019t written anything down. I just used instinct and memory to make it again. Then, I went and bragged about it on Facebook. Naturally I got the inevitable request: \u201cCan I have the recipe?\u201d A friend who has a vegan daughter-in-law wants to make green beans for the holiday meal.\nUnless I\u2019m baking, I don\u2019t often use recipes at home. I might check a recipe for methodology, but I\u2019m not in the kitchen with a phalanx of measuring spoons and cups if I\u2019m braising short ribs or making chili or marinara. Or vegetarian green beans. I won first place in the restaurant division of the Phoenix Hill Chili Cook-Off three times and, although I wrote a list of ingredients (37!) that I stuck to from year to year, I never wrote an actual recipe with weights and measurements. Rather, I\u2019m tasting as I go. Geez, this needs more acidity. Definitely more salt. And so I go along, adding bits and bobs, until it tastes right and smells right and feels right.\nYears of experience as a restaurant cook gave me the confidence to cook this way. Of course in a restaurant, consistency is important, so at some point you\u2019ll need to write down your recipe in case you get hit by a bus, or decide to become a nun or something. And if you brag on Facebook about your cooking at home, somebody will eventually ask you for the dreaded Recipe.\n\u201cJohn did the bean-shopping,\u201d I began. \u201cHe thinks it was five pounds of beans, but I think it was more like four.\u201d Oh great, my friend Amanda was probably thinking. \u201cAll I know is that, after I snapped and cleaned them, they filled up the whole Crockpot.\u201d It went on from there. \u201cMaybe half a cup of white wine, three glugs of apple cider vinegar\u2026\u201d Amanda\u2019s thinking, Glugs? \u201cShake, shake,", "This health video will focus on different types of back pain and the pain from Degenerative Disk Disease.\nRead the full transcript \u00bb\nWhat causes back pain? Dr. John Regan: A lower back pain is fairly the biggest problem and about 90% of people at one point or the other will have back pain. Dr. Fabien Bitan: Its a very large source of disability, loss of income and expenses for, in the country. Dr. John Regan: And the most common causes of back pain are muscle strain or ligament pulls, that sort of things. Much less common would be problem with a disk, herniated disk, or a bone injury that's sort of thing. Dr. Fabien Bitan: As the stress might probably increase the problem and make patient more sensitive to back pain, but it doesn't create the back problem. Dr. John Regan: There are lots of things that can be done to prevent back pain, first of all exercise, good strong abdominal muscles, good back muscles, avoiding weight gain. Actually, avoiding smoking, smoking seems to have an increase problem with disk problem which cause a lot of back problems and also the way you lift, and bend and twist and even the way you sit at work. Like the way you s", "Which team did Julia Koenig lead to a fifth-place finish at the Kimberly Invitational", "What is the estimated monthly income and website value of www.chimpreports.com", "What method does the author use to measure ceramics seed while cooking", "What prompted the New York City school bus drivers to go on strike in January 2013", "How can current customers place their product orders on the Sienna Bakery website", "What is the estimated worth of Chimpreports.com", "Ribbons and Bows at Wholesale pricing!\nRaffia Ribbon Matte\nRaffia Ribbon in dozens of matte colors in 100 & 500 yard rolls.\nRaffia Ribbon Pearlized\nRaffia Ribbon in shiny pearlized colors in 100 & 500 yard rolls.\nFlora Satin Pull Bows\nBeautifully formed gift bows every time! Available in a variety of colors and sizes to fit your packaging needs.\nSheer Organza Ribbon\nSheer organza ribbon in a variety of sizes and colors!\nPre-tied Satin Gift Bows\nPre tied satin bows with twist ties are perfect to tie cello bags!\nDouble Face Satin Ribbon\nDouble Faced Satin Ribbon has a luxurious, shiny satin surface on both sides.\nValue Color Tulle Ribbon\nAffordable tulle rolls in popular colors and sizes. Now on Sale!\nPoly Curling Ribbon Colors\nQuality curling ribbon for balloons, hair bows, and gift wrapping!\nPaper Raffia Ribbon\nRaffia Paper Ribbon is easy to tie into fabulous bows.\nSatin Wide Stretch Loops\nWide satin pre tied elastic bows stretch around boxes. Now on Sale!\nPremium Color Tulle Ribbon\nPremium nylon netting color tulle perfect for skirts, tutus and other crafts.\nBerwick Double Face Satin\nHigh quality double faced satin ribbon makes luxurious bows.\nMetallic Stretch Loops with Pre-Tied Bows\nPretied elastic bows in metallic red, silver, and gold.\nStretch Loop Cords with Pre-Tied Bows\nElastic pre tied bows come in several colors and sizes to fit any gift box!\nWired Plaid Ribbons\nSoft wired fabric ribbons in lots of color choices! Now on Sale!\nCabana Stripes Ribbon\nGrosgrain Ribbon featuring a colorful stripe design.\nWired Satin Edge Sheer Organza\nOrganza ribbon is delicate sheer ribbon with wired satin edges.\nRaffia natural ribbon made from vegetable fibers!\nPre-Tied Striped Gift Bows\nPre tied grosgrain gift bows have twist ties! Now on Sale!\nFlorist Satin Acetate Ribbon\nWater resistant florist ribbon in brilliant colors with a textured fabric look.\nPaper and Foil Wired Twist Ties in two precut sizes. Now on Sale!\nPoly Star Gift Bows\nEasy to use peel and stick Star Gift Bows in fun and festive colors!\nBerwick Grosgrain Ribbon\nRibbed Fabric Ribbon available in several solid colors and sizes.\nEcofriendly Twine in lots of colors and styles made from natural jute and sisal fibers.\nWired Fabric Florist Ribbon\nWired taffeta ribbon in bold colors!\nFlora Satin Ribbon\nBerwick flora satin ribbon is available in many sizes and colors!\nBeautiful poly ribbon is available in many colors on large wholesale rolls.\nWired Seasonal Printed Ribbon\nFun printed ribbon perfect for spring and summer! Now on Sale!\nCurly Gift Bows\nCurly Bows with adhesive hang tab in gloss or metallic colors.\nWired Polka Dot Sheer Ribbon\nSheer organza ribbon with white polka dots and a wired edge.\nGlimmer Tulle Ribbon\nWholesale priced shiny tulle ribbon has a metallic shimmer.\nPaw Print Ribbon\nSatin ribbon with a paw print is perfect for pet packaging or animal lovers!\nStripe Grosgrain Ribbon\nSoft Woven Grosgrain Ribbon featuring two sides of colorful stripes.\nWired Woven Ribbon\nNatural looking ribbon with wired edge in solid colors, plaids and prints.\nWired Satin Stripe Sheer\nWired organza ribbon with a satin stripe down center. Now on Sale!\nWired Pom Pom Cord Ribbon\nCreative Pom Pom Ribbon with easy to shape wire in fun bright colors!\nMetallic and Sheer Pull Bow\nFabric pull bows made from sheer stripe edge or metallic colors!\nFourPly Natural Cotton Bakers Twine in a variety of bold colors.\nSheer Metallic Swirl Ribbon\nSheer organza ribbon with glitter swirl accents.\nButterfly Pull Bows\nCute, quick and easy! Perfectly formed butterfly pull bows in four classic colors.\nPoly Curling Ribbon Prints\nPrinted curling ribbon for festive balloons, bows and Christmas gift wrapping.\nLightweight Woven Grosgrain Ribbon in three sizes and several colors.\nBright, fun stripes on white! Now on Sale!\nWired Stretch Metallic Mesh\nUnique Metallic Mesh Ribbon with a stretchable wired edge!\nMetallic Tie Cords\nElastic Stretch and Inelastic Braided Tie Cords in metallic colors.\nPre-tied Raffia Gift Bows\nRaffia gift bows with a twist tie to attach bags! Now on Sale!\nDeluxe Curling Ribbon\nGlossy and metallic colors for gift wrapping!\nRustic Natural looking ribbon is made of lightweight woven polyester.\nPoly Pom Gift Bows\nSelf stick prenotched hank gift bows.\nPolka Dot Sheer Ribbon\nSheer organza ribbon with coordinating printed polka dots.\nWoodland Natural Jute Ribbon\nRustic Natural Jute Ribbon features a firm open weave in five sizes.\nLinen Stripe Fringe Ribbon\nLinen Fringe Ribbon with vintage bold strip", "What is the significance of the courts closing DUI cases according to the text", "Striking New York school bus drivers face government and media gang up\n25 January 2013\nAs they enter the second week of their strike, New York City school bus drivers have faced increasing pressure from the administration of Mayor Michael Bloomberg and the corporate media. The drivers, members of the Amalgamated Transit Union Local 1181, transport over 150,000 children from public and parochial schools to and from school each day. Many of these children have special needs and require care from drivers and matrons on board.\nThe approximately 8,800 drivers, mechanics and matron/attendants were forced out on strike by the city\u2019s Department of Education (DOE) when it put up two requests for bids for third-party bus companies that do not contain an Employee Protection Provision (EPP). The EPP guarantees seniority wages scales to drivers regardless of which company they work for. It has been in place since the 1960s, and drivers defended this right in a 13-week strike in 1979.\nBloomberg claims that a 2011 court ruling makes it illegal for the city to include the EPP in the requests for bids for bus contractors in June. Without the EPP, bus companies will be able to submit cut-rate bids that eliminate older, more experienced drivers and replace them with low-wage, inexperienced drivers.\nThe multibillionaire Bloomberg, a man who unites in the same person a government of the super-rich and vast wealth itself, refused to negotiate with the drivers\u2019 union. The bus companies have sought a ruling from the national Labor Relations Board (NLRB) to declare the strike illegal.\nAs of Thursday, the local NLRB had finished assembling evidence in the case and sent the material to Washington, D.C. According to media reports as of this writing, a ruling has been made, but its contents have yet to be revealed. Even if the NLRB rules the strike illegal, it will still need to get a court injunction to order drivers back to work.\nOn Wednesday, the DOE amended the language of its bid to allow bus companies that it has hired to start before September. This means that the city is trying to replace the drivers more quickly than it originally planned. Since the city\u2019s provocation has impacted some of the poorest families in New York, the DOE was forced to announce plans to give vouchers to parents who must take their children to school in cabs or liveries instead of making provisions for reimbursement only.\nAlso on Wednesday, the New York Times published an editorial that supported Bloomberg\u2019s drive to cut costs, while completely ignoring the fate of the workers who would lose their jobs and benefits amidst the highest unemployment since the Great Depression. (See \u201cWhy the New York Times backs Bloomberg\u2019s assault on school bus drivers\u201d)\nThe corporate-owned media widely broadcast news that 11 school buses owned by Reliant Transportation had been vandalized at a garage in Brooklyn on Wednesday. The Daily News proclaimed that the \u201cknives had come out,\u201d seeking to create a witch-hunting atmosphere against strikers.\nThe leader", "rs.\nIn times of trials, troubles, heartaches and what we are facing now, Psalms 27th chapter, it\u2019s about \u201ctrust in the Lord and be not afraid.\u201d\nVerse 14, wait on the Lord, be of good courage and he shall strengthen thine heart. What I say on the Lord. Trust in the Lord. He will always love us, protect us and save us. Pace and joy in our h eart and life.", "Holiday Office Hours\nThe office will be open until noon on Thursday, December 24th and closed on Friday, December 25th. We will reopen Monday, December 28th with normal business hours.\nNew Years Eve, December 31st, the office will be open until no", "What is the title of the 2007 documentary film directed by D. A. Pennebaker that includes outtakes from his 1967 film, Dont Look Back", "What does the author do early in the morning before praying", "eet Dive.\nOnce touring halted due to the 2020 pandemic, Jaleh finally found time to hone her magic as a solo artist, yoga teacher and ceremonial leader working with the sacred plant Cacao in ceremony with Yoga, Sound Healing and Medicine Music to her community. Her new sound blossomed quickly, and with the help of producer Jesse Lemme Adams she created several albums worth of exciting new music and videos. They are releasing a song from those sessions on every full moon, with their new label called Moonshade Records.\nHer electric live show is the culmination of those recordings and the fearlessness to create magic without holding back. It\u2019s a buzzing sentiment she lives by both on and off stage. Catch her ceremonies and or a concert with her hot new backing band \"The Spells\" in a city near you!", "What types of ribbons and bows are highlighted in the text for gift packaging", "TRANSFORMING FUN SHADES: Hot Pink To Mermaid\nMegan Chiles (@hairstylist_MC) of Nico Bella Salon, Camas, Washington, was thrilled her her most recent challenge. \"My client come in with about 2 and a half inches of level 6 grow out. Mid shaft to ends was faded Manic Panic red so it was dark pink.\"\nHere she shares the details for this transformation:\nSTEP 1: Lighten the roots with Wella Blondor and 20 volume. Process for 20 minutes and then put Wella Blondor and 6 volume on the ends \"to pull out as much of the pink as I could without compromising the integrity", "How many sets did the Cedar Grove-Belgium volleyball team drop during their tournament win", "What date did the film 65 Revisited open in theaters", "What types of ribbon are available in both matte and pearlized colors"]}