{"q_indices": [61, 59, 28, 19, 33, 109, 60, 17, 22, 122, 9, 11, 113, 8, 110, 71, 91, 58, 119, 95, 57, 118, 66, 15, 98, 24, 105, 67, 73, 115, 123, 10, 40, 111, 103, 93, 107, 62, 81, 70, 3, 86, 26, 69, 87, 45, 94, 4, 64, 116, 50, 84, 76, 99, 46, 127, 89, 52, 42, 18, 78, 37, 117, 100], "a_indices": [53, 124, 82, 34, 121, 125, 68, 35, 51, 120, 20, 21, 1, 54, 16, 83, 2, 12, 85, 31, 75, 90, 114, 112, 88, 6, 49, 65, 14, 41, 39, 27, 44, 7, 104, 74, 25, 29, 72, 47, 48, 23, 56, 38, 36, 97, 32, 92, 101, 106, 108, 63, 5, 80, 79, 55, 77, 102, 43, 30, 126, 96, 13, 0], "texts": ["will become upset, which will make me even more upset and withdrawn. Ad nauseam.\nHere\u2019s what I wish would happen when I\u2019m in this kind of predicament with a boy: If I want to be alone, he doesn\u2019t get butthurt about it. He thinks \u201cIt\u2019s okay. January wants to be alone. She is in her room alone, not hurting anyone, not seeing anyone else, and that is OK. It\u2019s OK because she 1) struggled to even tell me that she wanted to be alone, because that is the nature of her particular type of alone, 2) she doesn\u2019t want to reassure me or anyone right now, and by asking her to, I\u2019m making her feel even more alone, and 3) I shouldn\u2019t try to \u2018squeeze\u2019 reassurance out of someone if they\u2019re not in the mood to give it.\u201d\nThis is a hard thing to tell yourself. And I get it. I\u2019m not one of those girls who think sensitive guys are boring, or pussies, or whatever. I appreciate the fact that there are men who want emotional connection. Thank god for these people. But if you can\u2019t stand me being alone in my room feeling like a piece of shit, and you start making me feel bad for you because you\u2019re not getting what you want, I will not only feel like a bigger, more alienated piece of shit for making someone other than myself suffer, but I will also start feeling mad at you for contributing to that feeling. Because the last thing I want right now is a sense of obligation to anyone but myself and the Game of Thrones episode I\u2019m about to put on.\nI don\u2019t want to feel obligated right now. I don\u2019t want to feel responsible for your feelings, I\u2019m not responsible for your feelings, and believe me, I know that I\u2019m shitty, I know I\u2019m bad, you don\u2019t need to remind me, I know I don\u2019t deserve you. I know you like me, and I\u2019m sorry for being the way I am, but today, could you please just leave me alone, please", "'Twilight: New Moon' sells out showings, breaks sales records\nIf you've been holding off on buying tickets to \"The Twilight Saga: New Moon\" -- and who could blame you, with its Nov. 20 release date -- you may want to reconsider.\nThe second installment in the human-vampire love story is already setting records for selling out shows so far in advance, according to the Los Angeles' Times Company Town blog.\nOkay, so the situation isn't dire yet: Only 50 of 22,000 available shows on Fandango and 13 of 2,912 on MovieTi", "Video: Circa Cycles Custom Bicycles\nHere\u2019s a quick video overview of CIRCA, where we came from, why we\u2019re different, and most importantly, how we can make you a great custom bike.\nIf you like what you see, have questions, or just want to say \u2018Hi\u2019, please use the \u201cGet Started!\u201d tool on the right edge of t", "What was the reason for the mass confusion at Staniel Cay airport", "What are some advantages and disadvantages of incorporating a business in Portland, as mentioned in the text", "The mission for the Library Media Center is to help students become knowledgeable in the use of technology to access information. The library media specialist will facilitate the integration of existing and emerging technologies to en", "nts in 2018, four centrally funded universities are leading. The four institutes which have performed exceptionally well this year are IITs in Bombay, Delhi and Madras, and IISc in Bengaluru.\n27 Sep 2018\nAccording to the Times Higher Education (THE) World University Rankings 2019, published Wednesday, India saw a record 49 universities being chosen among the world's best.\n07 Jun 2018\nThree Indian institutes have made it to the top-200 in the QS World University Rankings 2019, with IIT-Bombay jumping 17 places to displace IIT-Delhi as the topper.\n14 Apr 2018\nThe country's IT city, Bengaluru, might become inhabitable by 2030, as per IISc.\n09 Feb 2018\nTo stop India's top brains from leaving the country in search of better opportunities, the Narendra Modi Cabinet has approved hundreds of lavish scholarships.\n23 Nov 2017\nIn a first, the prestigious IIT-Bombay has bagged the 9th position in the list of top 10 universities in BRICS countries (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa).", "s, and haptics. By incorporating an integral skin, consumers enjoy a cushioned pad with a durable surface, impermeable to moisture and bacteria. Our high-fatigue-strength engineering plastics are ideal materials for chair components, enabling more efficient furniture designs with improved toughness and flexural modulus. And other products from our portfolio increase perceived quality through premium textures and improved noise reduction", "Which movie holds the record for the earliest ticket sales, according to the text", "What troubleshooting steps can be taken if the display panel or its connection on a device is likely defective", "Who designed the item exclusively for Department 56", "What is a simple method to back up both MacOS and Windows before installing them on a new SSD", "he screen.\nI\u2019d like to give a big thank you and shout out to director Kevin Brown and producer Carly Cais at Portland-based Uncommon Era video productions for doing a fantastic job for us. The first time I saw the rough cut, I almost shed a tear with pride. If you need a video, go find \u2019em!\nLeave a Reply", "Sometimes there\u2019s this weird cycle that happens when I interact with people. I tried to make a flowchart.\nThe cycle begins with me feeling unfit for social interaction. If I\u2019m at work when the feeling strikes, I\u2019ll probably start thinking things like, \u201cHey computer, fuck you for being slow today. You know something\u2019s really fucked up with you, Apple, fucking Steve Jobs, when a human is faster than its computer.\u201d My resting bitchface will be severe. My coworkers will be scared to talk to me. I\u2019ll know they\u2019re scared to talk to me. They\u2019ll know that I know, we\u2019ll all know this is a problem I need to fix, and this shared knowledge of my bad day will make my day that much worse.\nSometimes, when I feel this way, I will also be lucky enough to have someone who actually cares about my well-being \u2014 someone who somehow manages to have respect for me, he will coincidentally request that we get a drink later. He wants to cheer me up. Which is like, LOL. Sorry, but no. Seeing another person is not something that can happen right now.\nIt will then sometimes occur that this man takes my need to be alone as a personal affront, a passive statement about how much I like him. (And maybe it is a statement, I don\u2019t know. Maybe it does say something about us. But I don\u2019t feel that way. At least, I don\u2019t want it to say something about us. Who knows what it means that I feel so alienated and inside myself that the thought of humoring someone else\u2019s presence makes me feel like a cat being forced into a bathtub? Who knows what that says about my relationship with the person I\u2019m dating? Does it mean we\u2019re not right for each other? Or does it mean I have issues?) And so he will naturally seek reassurance, which I naturally am unable to offer. Lacking the assurance necessary for his security, he", "I have been with my boyfriend 2 years now, we have had anal sex before. I was not aware of the safety factors of it, and we had anal to vaginal sex.", "What is the primary medium Ragil Dwi Putra uses to reinterpret daily objects in his art practice", "I am really interested in knowing what are the chances of keeping Stephen Gostkowski as our kicker? I think he is really good and since he came to replace Adam Vinatieri he has done a pretty good job; I also think that there are no other good options to replace him, are they? Thanks for reading my question, hope to hear back from you.\nMayra Garcia Sanchez\nI'd say Gostkowski's chances of returning are about 100 percent. I can't see a team giving the Patriots draft picks for a kicker. Gostkowski is a restricted free agent and he'll surely receive one of the high tenders \u2013 teams aren't going to give up high picks plus a lucrative salary for a kicker. If he does leave, however, the Patriots would either have to find a rookie or sign a free agent like the Jets Jay Feely or Cincinnati's Shayne Graham. But I wouldn't worry about that because Gostkowski isn't going anywhere.\nI was wondering if you know any insight who BB is looking at getting with the first pick in the draft? I would love to see BB get Sergio Kindle but BB would have to move up to get a chance.\nObviously no one knows who Belichick is interested in at this point of the draft process. The Patriots, or any other team for that matter, don't make that sort of information public knowledge. I like Kindle a lot. He has the tools to be a successful pass rusher and he may be available at 22 for the Patriots to select. His career at Texas wasn't always as productive as many had hoped, but Kindle is an athletic guy with a lot of potential and I'd like to see Belichick have the ability to work with such a player. But no word on which guys the team has its eyes on as of yet.\nWith all of the high picks we have this year and next, what would it take to move up to the No. 1 or 2 pick overall this year and draft Ndamukong Suh from Nebraska? He would answer the pass rush problem for many years to come. Is our No. 1 and one of our 2s this year and one of the 2011 No. 1s enough to move up from 22 to get him? We would still have two 2s this year and (preferably) Oakland's 1 next year so we wouldn't be mortgaging the future so to speak.\nI don't know exactly what it would take to move up that far but I'm not really interested in doing so for a defensive tackle, regardless of how good he is. Suh is a terrific prospect and I believe he'll be a fine NFL player. But other than a franchise quarterback, I don't think anyone is worth two firsts and a second, or even a first and a second. Again, Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, Drew Brees, Ben Roethlisberger, Philip Rivers \u2013 OK, I'd give up the picks. But a defensive tackle isn't going to have that kind of an impact on games to warrant that kind of compensation. So you'd be coughing up multiple picks and then handing the guy a huge contract. I'd rather sit tight at 22 and take a true pass rusher that the team thinks can fit into the system.\nWhat are the chances the Pats use one or more of their second-round picks to move up in the first round for", "What type of loan is mentioned that is available for both good and poor credit borrowers without credit verification", "What is the stance of the local bike shop mentioned in the text regarding safety and community", "What is the attorney's opinion on the likelihood of facing a lawsuit based on the described situation", "That's probably a bad display panel, or a bad connection between the display panel and the logic board. If you don't have AppleCare for the repair to be covered or discounted, then you can take it apart and reseat the display cable. If that doesn't work, you'll likely need to replace the whole display.\nSure looks fine internally. Have you tried the troubleshooting steps on HP\u2019s support site? My gut tells me there might be paper stuck in the duplexer. I\u2019ve had that same model printer and it seemed like it was getting choked with paper constantly.\nThat model laptop already has two USB 3.1 ports according to HP\u2019s web site, which support Thunderbolt 2 speeds via a dongle, as long as the data is only moving one direction. As far as replacing the USB 2.0 port directly on the system board with a different port, that\u2019s pretty much impossible because the connector from the board to the I/O port is pretty different between USB 2.0 and Thunderbolt 2, and Thunderbolt 2 and 3 also need a controller chip in order to function properly. Also, Thunderbolt runs through PCI lanes and the I/O board is probably not assigned any at all, because USB handles data differently. Thunderbolt in general is kind of a mess, and unfortu", "nately while it\u2019s useful and fast there really isn\u2019t a way to add it to a laptop that doesn\u2019t already have it without replacing the system board and hoping everything still fits.\nIf I understand you correctly, you want to make generate a backup of both MacOS and Windows to reinstall on a fresh, faster SSD. There are a bunch of ways to do that, but the easiest and least time consuming is probably going to be a Time Machine backup for MacOS, and then use Winclone to back up your Bootcamped Windows partition, so you can then install them both on the newly installed SSD. https://twocanoes.com/products/mac/wincl...\nThe microphone is the problem here. There are two microphones on the iPhone XR: One is built into the display assembly, and the other is part of the Lightning (charging connector) port assembly. Generally, if a microphone is going to go out it\u2019ll be the one on the bottom near the Lightning port, which is good because it\u2019s a less expensive part to replace, even if it\u2019s more of a pain to do. Occasionally though, as weird as it is, it\u2019s not a defective part so much as Airdrop receiving being turned on causes the microphones to malfunction, so I would try turning that off and restarting the phone first.", "Who is walking viewers through the footage of the upcoming 'Adolescents' video", "because Robert works for JetBlue) but was able to catch the last flight to Burlington where she could, at least, sleep in a bed and not one of those awful airport chairs.\n|CHECKING IN FOR THEIR FLIGHT. NO, REALLY!|\n|THIS PLANE OR THAT ONE. BOTH WERE FULL, DESTINATION NASSAU|\nTHEIR LUGGAGE WAS ON ONE AND THEY FLEW ON THE OTHER\nDan and I pulled anchor and sailed south to drop the hook south of the Lee Stocking Mooring field just off Williams Cay. After getting all set we discovered that there were two rowdy dogs in the house just above our spot but luckily they soon tired of yapping and our night was dreamy", "Which Indian institutes performed exceptionally well in the 2018 university rankings", "Palo for Excel is free, open source software.\nPalo works with small and medium-sized companies.\nPalo for Excel is open source business intelligence software that aids you in the areas of planning, analysis, and reporting. The product comes as a simple Excel extension application and grants you the same features of Palo OLAP, such as a", "What were the outcomes of the matches featuring Ross County, Dundee United, and St Johnstone in the Scottish League Cup", "en popped over the horizon. Designed by Kristi Jensen Pierro exclusively for Department 56.\nIN CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES\nPowered by eBay Turbo Lister\nThe free listing tool. List your items fast and easy and manage your active items.", "What actions is the ex-boss taking that concerns the former employee regarding their reputation", "multidimensional database, data write-back functions, and data modeling. When using Palo for Excel, all of the actions take place within the familiar Excel UI.\nPalo is owned by Jedox AG and provides an open source BI software suite. The company has been in business since 2007 and additionally offers global support and training programs", "nd the abuse of freeriding.\nNot yet rated. Be the first to\nWrite a Review\nWe're your local bike shop pros. Family minded and safety conscious.\nHere for you today. Here for you tomorrow. Unless tomorrow's Tuesday!\nCopyright 1998 - now.", "ntext eventually paints itself into a little-picture corner. That is where traditional science is now and why its search for the unified theory has stalled. We must come to understand that reality is more than a local rule-set, more than a mindless machine.\u201d \u2013 Thomas Campbell", "Under Tennessee law, a business may incorporate. If it chooses to do so, it is thereafter recognized as its own legal entity. After incorporation, buying and selling property, assenting to contracts and exercising legal rights are considered acts of the business itself and not its owners. In Tennessee, the process of incorporation is begun by filing with the Secretary of State in accordance with specific guidelines.\nBenefits of Incorporation in Tennessee\nAdvantages of incorporation are many. The primary benefit is that the liabilities of the business can only be satisfied by the assets specifically invested into the company by the owners. Had the business instead remained a collection of the owners' personal assets, the personal property of the stakeholders could be liquidated to pay the liabilities of the business, if it runs into financial problems. A co", "What does H. Jack Lang reveal about the nature of wit in his book 'Dear Wit: Letters from the World's Wits'", "remarks about excessive absence, cleanliness, lack of kindness, etc.\nShould I be worried that my old emails could be used to bring a lawsuit against my coworkers or myself? How do I best protect myself from the malicious statements that are being made about my professional reputation?\n1 Answer from Attorneys\nNothing you described seems even remotely likely to culminate into a law suit. Based on your narrative it seems the only cause of action would be some kind of defamation, which would be hard to prove and the damages are likely non-existent.\nNo one has a crystal ball, but I highly doubt you have anything to worry about and there is not much you could do now in any event until some action is taken on the part of the other party.\nIf you would like to discuss further over a free phone consult, feel free to contact me anytime that is convenient.\nDISCLAIMER: this is not intended to be specific legal advice and should not be relied upon as such. No attorney-client relationship is formed on the basis of this posting", "isky for the loan provider but by evaluating mortgage quotes of quite a few lenders you\u2019ll undoubtedly grab an affordable mortgage offer for you. Apart from, money advance payday loans are equally obtainable for all good and poor credit debtors. Loan provider will not give concern to your credit status as this approach does not adhere to any credit verification method. This way you\u2019ll simply fetch the expected total with no feeling embarrassed. No lengthy paperwork formalities are hooked up with this financial loan approach. Just fill out a simple on-line form with basic information like name, tackle, checking account facts, bank account and so forth. and submit it on-line. Lender will verifies your app and provide you simple money assist with no any headache. The accepted cash will immediately submit it in your banking account. So, really don't worry about it. Anytime uncover in require of urgent cash freely think about this bank loan facility and seize straightforward money with out any delays. Jason Jarrett has a way to dealing with loans for a extended time. Writing articles is just a way to prolong this to individuals and supply empowerment as a result of details. To find Payday Loans, no fax payday loans check out http://www.cashadvancepaydayloans.org.uk\nMY RECIPE BOX\nMember hasn't created any cookbooks yet", "Here you will find sites relating to all aspects of Reiff, life - business, community, travel, culture and so on.\nRelated categories 1\n244 Laide of Reiff\nAccommodation, prices, photographs, and contacts.\nReiff Holiday Cottages\nOffers pic", "What did Galloway believe about the impact of unrestricted journalist reporting during the Vietnam War", "ld not find a way past East Fife of League One in their opening League Cup Group B match, prevailing on penalties after a goalless 90 minutes.\nSaints struggled to break down a side two divisions beneath them, their promising build-up play undermined by a lack of cutting edge in the final third.\nFormer Celtic and Hearts striker Tony Watt, who arrived at the club this summer, made his competitive debut off the bench and scored from the spot in the penalty shootout that the Premiership side won 5-4 to claim the extra point.\nFalkirk were another side to toil against lower league opposition. The Championship side went down 1-0 at home to League One outfit Montrose, Martin Rennie's goal settling the match.\nDundee Utd 1-1 Arbroath (Arbroath win 5-3 on pens)\nRoss County 2-0 Elgin City\nFalkirk 0-1 Montrose\nSt Johnstone 0-0 East Fife (St Johnstone won 5-4 on pens)", "Dept 56 Snowbabies 2015 Coffee Talk #4045674 NIB FREE SHIPPING 48 STATES\nThere's no better accompaniment to a cup of coffee then a good friend to talk to! Some of lives' best chats happen over a warm cup of joe before the sun has ev", "What are the advantages of using BASF materials in furniture design and manufacturing", "..alot. I ended up with a horrible UTI and kidney infection. I also had anal herpes outbreak (never had one before.) This was all over a year ago...", "What material are Continental's Freeride Tubes made of", "Here for you today, here for you tomorrow, but always closed on Tuesdays\nContinental's Freeride Tubes are made of seamless butyl rubber and are individually tested for top quality. These heavy-duty tubes are tough and built to withsta", "Comfort is the name of the game\nThere are considerable advantages designing and manufacturing furniture with BASF materials. Whether it's used in cushions, arm rests or back rests, our foams are uniquely versatile \u2014 able to be molded into any size or shape and to any level of softness or firmness demanded, for comfortable, durable seating.\nAnd our thermoplastic portfolio offers nearly any combination of structural performance, aesthetic", "What information is provided about the holiday cottage and how is it organized", "What concerns does the author express about the relationship between Nole and Jelena", "ed hard to get my boat ready and have been out sailing a lot for practice, including doing the Round the Island Race.\n\u201cRacing solo on the ocean is where I feel most at home. The Route du Rhum \u2013 Destination Guadeloupe is a great race to a lovely island. I won\u2019t win but shall have a lot of fun participating.\u201d\nKnox-Johnston created the Clipper Race to provide a platform for non-professional sailors to experience the thrill of ocean racing and for many, a circumnavigation. The biennial event has inspired more than 3,000 people to compete in what is now the longest ocean race around the planet at more than 40,000 miles since it was established in 1996.\nSir Robin is the only British sailor to have won \u2018Yachtsman of the Year\u2019 three times. He has sailed around the world four times, twice solo, including the Golden Globe historic circumnavigation in 1968/69, and once winning the Jules Verne Trophy in 1994. He last competed in the Route du Rhum in 1982, on the 70-foot catamaran Sea Falcon.\n\u2013 Clipper Race Medi", "ANCHORED OFF WILLIAMS CAY\nSUNRISE IN THE EXUMAS: 6: 48 AM\nSUNSET IN THE EXUMAS: 5:30 PM\nSo it was back to the little Staniel Cay airport this morning for a little mass confusion. Seems two of the girls that expected to travel to Nassau had tickets for January 2 and both of the Flamingo airplanes were full. No problem, they hitched a ride on a private plane that was taking off. It\u2019s all good! I am happy to report that Robert and Steffi made it all the way back to New York City\u2019s JFK without a hitch. Steffi ran into a hitch there because all the flights to London were overbooked (remember she travels standby", "Jan. 7, 2012\nMichigan Head Coach Kevin Borseth\nOn the team's success in the first half ... \"We were trying to do everything that we could to contain Prahalis and Hill. They are absolutely phenomenal players and they are a handful. We were doing everything that we could to try to keep them at bay. I thought our kids had a lot of energy defensively, and I thought that was a big difference for us in the first half.\"\nOn players recognizing what teammates to give the ball to ... \"We have an equal-opportunity offense. I think we try to share the ball, and we try to take advantage of situations. Sometimes it is a mismatch on the perimeter, and sometimes it's a mismatch inside. We just try to take care of the ball. Sometimes, it looks like organized chaos to me, but if you go back and look at the film you can see that our goal is to take care of the ball and not turn it over. At the end of the game, it was a little bit concerning because Tayler Hill swiped two from Rachel (Sheffer). Rachel trying to drive on Tayler Hill was probably not a good idea. Then Sam (Prahalis) poked one back on Nya (Jordan), so we turned the ball over at the elbow, which was kind of concerning. For the most part, we try to take care of the ball and get a high-percentage shot from whomever we can.\"\nOn Sam Arnold's contributions coming off the bench ... \"When you are in the game, you have to be able to do something, and when Sam comes in, we rely on her under the basket. Rachel has", "What do Arizona laws state about securing children under the age of 5 in vehicles", "Join Incubus frontman, Brandon Boyd as he walks you through this never before seen footage on set of the upcoming \"Adolescents\" video. The full length video ...\nJoin Incubus World Headquarters\nWelcom", "What is the main objective of the Chronos module in the Vulcan software developed by Maptek", "This past week, I scraped my car into a wall. The impact was so strong, it dented the driver\u2019s side\u2013a significant dent. I make no excuses for my horrible driving skills. It is the first time in my almost 13 years of driving that I will be making a car insurance claim.\nThis past year, in an effort to save money, I raised our car insurance deductibles from $500 to $1,000, with the understanding that we rarely, if ever, submit a car insurance claim so raising our deductible from $500 to $1,000 would just provide unlimited savings. Of course, this doesn\u2019t exactly work when you have an accident and actually need to submit an insurance claim.\nAs I called my husband to let him know what happened, I started bawling. I didn\u2019t want to take away $1,000 from our hard earned savings to pay for such a silly mistake that was a direct result of my carelessness. If I had just kept the deductible at $500, we wouldn\u2019t have to pay so much.\nAfter I calmed down, I started thinking more clearly and realized: Having a $1,000 car insurance deductible is still the right choice. And let me explain why:\nIf the damage I had caused my car only cost about $700 to fix, I would not file an insurance claim and I would simply pay for it out of pocket because I wouldn\u2019t want my car insurance to go up. How many times have you forgone filing an insurance claim just so your car insurance won\u2019t go up? You figure you might as well", "ckets are unavailable. You probably won't get to dress up and argue for Team Edward or Team Jacob on opening night, though. The majority of sold-out shows are for the midnight premiere or times shortly after.\n\"New Moon\" doesn't hold the record for earliest sales for tickets. That goes to James Cameron's sci-fi CGI flick \"Avatar,\" which went on sale four months before its Dec. 18 premiere. None of the \"Avatar\" showings have yet sold out.\nFollow Zap2it on Twitter for the latest TV, movie and celebrity news updates.", "only have to see them together to notice how much they care about each other. But it can be very frustrating investing your life into be part of somebody else's only to end up with nothing i the long run? They may be young, they may be the first serious relationship of each other, but I do believe that what they have is genuine and healthy for Novak, this is a girl who has been with him trough ups & downs, all before the # 1 madness, so, in the light of that, I believe she's the right choice... the timing? not so good, Nole's schedule is extremely demanding and physically excruciating, maybe next year, he'll have a little more space to do it the right way, but to extend it too much could also be a double edge sword\nOn the other hand, Tipsy's married and he seems to be doing fine\nand he's almost my age (meh, he was born a year later than me\n), is Biljana his first serious girlfriend too?\nIn the end I hope that if they do get married, it all works for the best for both!\nAnd please stop believing in the rumor that Andy will be his best man\nAndy over Janko/Viktor? Really??\nAnd as a final note, I'm positive that if this happens, whenever it does, Novak will be the first to put it on his twitter/FB, he won't give the exclusive to such an important moment in his life to some tabloid.", "Scottish League Cup: Ross County win; Dundee Utd beaten on penalties, St Johnstone struggle\nRoss County were made to work but eventually opened their Scottish League Cup campaign with a 2-0 home win over Elgin City.\nThe Highlanders, relegated from the Premiership last season, found the League Two side a tough nut to crack.\nIt took an hour for the Staggies to make the breakthrough through Declan McManus.\nJosh Mullin scored the second eight minutes from time to end the visitors' resistance.\nDundee United found the going tough at Tannadice against Arbroath.\nNicky Clark looked to have given the hosts victory when he opened the scoring on 77 minutes.\nHowever, Bobby Linn's goal eight minutes from time levelled things up for the League One side.\nThe visitors then claimed the extra point after emerging with a 5-3 victory in the penalty shootout.\nSt Johnstone cou", "What foods from Guanni Organic tested very well in motility testing according to the text", "Who were thanked for their work on the video in the text segment", "Why is a $1,000 car insurance deductible considered the ideal amount according to the text", "What are the pre-requisite standards to qualify for cash advance loans", "What impact did raising the car insurance deductible have during the author's recent car accident", "What features does Palo provide for Excel users", "s of seats must be secured at the back seat at all times and away from an active airbag.\nBooster Seat Laws in Arizona\nBefore August 2012, the law required only children of age 5 and below to use child-safety seats. However, updates were made and now children with age range 5-8 years who have a height of less than 4\u20199\u2019\u2019 are required to be restrained in a federally approved child restraint system. Again, Arizona law does not issue weight guidelines for child restraint systems. So as a parent using AAP guidelines or the manufacturer\u2019s weight and height limits may help. Typically, when children reach 40 pounds and are between 4 to 8 years, they can graduate to a booster seat. For a correctly installed booster seat, the belts should have a snug fit across the chest and upper thighs.\nWhen Can a Child Sit in the Front Seat in Arizona?\nThe state of Arizona does not state the specific requirements for children to legally sit in the front seat. However, AAP and manufacturers recommend that children can use a regular seat belt if they are at least 4\u20199\u2019\u2019 or taller and are 8 years or older. If a child is 8 years or older, he or she is not required to use a booster seat. However, emphasis is put on the height since manufacturers design seat belts to fit people who are 4\u20199\u2019\u2019 or taller. In case you realize a car\u2019s seat belt does not fit your child, for the sake of safety you should put them in a booster seat until they are comfortable in a regular seat belt.\nLeaving a child In the car in Arizona\nWhile there is no law about leaving a child inside a car, you can still be prosecuted for doing so. Depending on the situation, you can be charged with a class six felony for reckless behavior. Factors such as interior temperature, availability of air conditioning or the length of time you were gone can weigh heavily on an officer\u2019s decision. We recommend to never leave your child in the car alone, regardless of state.\nMore Arizona Law", "What services does All County Environmental & Restoration provide to help with recovering personal items after catastrophic events", "been doing it and now tonight Sam did it and that's the difference for us, those kids have to be able to come in and contribute. Tonight Kate (Thompson) and Sam came off the bench and contributed and that is part of who we are. You have to have everyone who comes in the game contribute, and I thought Sam did a good job tonight.\"\nOn Nya Jordan's increased playing time ... \"This is the kind of game that is very physical and fast paced, where you've got to make decisions in a hurry. It's a Big Ten game and I just felt that Nya was a player that we needed to insert because she would be able to handle the tempo of the game. There are things in this game that you really can't teach. Experience does a whole lot for you.\"\nOn concern from having lost the Michigan State game ... \"We never looked back and talked about Michigan State, we just immediately got to work on Ohio State. When we go to practice on Monday, we won't talk about this game; we will work on Penn State. We have to focus on the next game, regardless of what happened in the prior one. We will enjoy this now; it's going to be a pleasant evening for us with our gala and all of our alumni in town. The game was exciting for our fans and we had a great crowd cheering us on. We will enjoy tonight, but then when Monday comes we will have to get back to work and prepare for Penn State.\"\nSign up for Michigan Insider to be the first to learn about 2015-16 Michigan women's basketball ticket opportunities", "What was the main objective of the Artist-in-Residence Program held by Cemeti in collaboration with the Mondriaan Fund in 2019", "What philosophies about player contribution did the coach express regarding the game", "Do you uncover oneself in a circumstance the place you are surrounded with several unpaid expenses? Have not plenty of resources and can\u2019t wait for your following fork out cheque? Then, cash advance loans will absolutely help you and avails you swift resources without asking you to full wearisome software methods. This cash facility is simply offered in the lending current market. But you must be conscious whilst deciding upon the financial institution for you. To get smaller time period money advance loans deal with no going through substantially headache you will need to fulfill some pre-requisite standards which are as follows: You should be the citizen ok Uk, Your age should be at least 18 many years, Your regular revenue should be \u00a31000, You should be permanently utilized, You ought to possess valid lender account. After you meet up with the higher than described standards you\u2019ll get an prospect to grab the finances varying from \u00a3100 to \u00a31500 according to your demands and financial specifications. This total is legitimate until 14-31 days. If you need number of much more days then talk about with your lender and by having to pay nominal cost prolong it as for each your need. The loan provider will question you to fork out substantial interest charges as it is permitted with no placing any security. That is r", "Which player from St. Johnstone scored in the penalty shootout against East Fife", "What is the purpose of the Clipper Race created by Knox-Johnston", "How does a lockout affect the NFL draft and the draft order for teams like the Patriots", "Sir Robin Knox-Johnston, 75, has departed Portsmouth, UK on his Open 60 Grey Power ahead of the start of French classic race the Route du Rhum \u2013 Destination Guadeloupe.\nIt will be the second time the British founder of the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race and first ever man to sail solo, non-stop around the world in 1968/69, has competed in the 3,500 mile Transatlantic contest. The Clipper Race team waved off the legendary yachtsman from on board a Clipper 70.\nAfter enjoying sailing with Clipper Race crew in the 2013 Rolex Sydney Hobart Yacht Race which formed part of the circumnavigation, Knox-Johnston decided to return to competitive solo racing.\nKnox-Johnston will be the oldest competing sailor at the St Malo start line on 2 November. He will be racing in the same boat he sailed round the world in during the 2006/7 Velux Five Oceans Race aged 68.\n\u201cI am fit, I feel very strong and I am eager to get out there,\u201d said Knox-Johnston.\n\u201cAge has nothing to do with it. I am fitter than most. I have work", "What type of sexual activity did the speaker engage in with their boyfriend", "nd the Ranger browser can play an important role in helping Indian parents to create a safe learning environment for their children.\u201d\nMobSafety is a division of SocialScanner Technologies Inc. and is based in Vancouver, Canada. Recently a delegation of India Telecom companies completed a cross-Canada tour and identified MobSafety as the Canadian company with \u201cthe most interesting technology\u201d. MobSafety made the trip to Delhi and India Telecom 2011 with the support or the Canadian Department of Foreign Affairs as well as Wavefront.\nWavefront is the national centre of excellence for wireless commercialization accelerating the growth and success of wireless companies in Canada. Wavefront\u2019s suite of wireless commercialization services include WaveGuide\u2122 training, advisory services, test resources, global market linkages and incubation space in its 14,000 sq. ft. wireless accelerator centre.\nPlease visit MobSafety for more information: www.mobsafety.com", "I recently came upon some very good foods that actually tested very well when I motility tested them. They actually tested as good as exceptional supplements. They have a lot of research behind them and have been shown to provide many health benefits. But many times even foods and supplements which have these claims don\u2019t test well. Sometimes they are low grade or contaminated or for whatever reason just don\u2019t test well. But these foods tested very well and I wanted to share them with you.\nThey come from a company called Guanni Organic and the foods that tested well were Yacon, a natural sweetener and Cacao, a high grade Peruvian chocolate.\nThey can be used in a blender with coconut milk, sprouted sunflower seeds, and ice to make a delicious chocolate smoothie that is actually as good for you as exce", "What is the mission of the Library Media Center", "Helping the Mining Industry Step into the FutureMon, 10/21/2013 - 13:19\nTechnology plays a key role in the mining industry. State of the art software is part of every stage of the mining activity: from exploration to planning, operation and production. Nevertheless, on an international level the Mexican mining industry is experiencing a lag in this area. \u201cThe sector is mostly behind in technical issues compared to mining industries in other countries,\u201d says Alberto Ram\u00edrez, Maptek Branch Manager for Mexico and the Caribbean. \u201cMany companies are still working with traditional 2D printed maps. They still have not realized all of the benefits that acquiring 3D software brings.\u201d\nWith over 30 years of experience, Maptek provides 3D modeling, spatial analysis and design technology to the sector. The Australian company decided to venture into the Mexican market in 2005, opening an office in Cancun, which also served as a gateway to the Caribbean. The first two years were focused on gaining the sector\u2019s trust. \u201cThanks to Maptek\u2019s global recognition, by 2006 the first investments slowly started coming in. Those first clients were our main marketing strategy to encourage other companies to look towards our products,\u201d Ram\u00edrez recalls. \u201cWe used the experience of working in Chile, Peru and Brazil, among other countries, and considered adapting our products to local requirements, always providing high quality tech support. It was not very difficult adapting to the market because we already had the experience of entering the Chilean market; the only variable to consider was the time companies in Mexico needed in order to acknowledge our work.\u201d\nMaptek has two signature types of software: Vulcan and I-Site. Vulcan is a general mine planning software package that provides 3D modular software visualizations for geological modeling and mine design and planning. I-Site is a complete software and hardware 3D laser survey technology. \u201cVulcan is a product that enables mining companies to grow and develop. I-Site is a high quality, high resolution product, which means a bigger investment for companies. This is the reason why it is used as widely, even though it also gives great benefits,\u201d Ram\u00edrez explains. During the exploration stage Vulcan makes it easier for geologists to determine the amount of resources the deposit has. As part of the technological support the company provides, a team of engineers and geologists, located in Denver or Chile, is available to help the clients. The team is available online or,\nif required, they can go the mine site. If the client needs to", "How has the relationship between the news media and the military evolved during the war on terrorism, according to journalists at the panel discussion", "So, for all we know...he is taking his first and only girl in his life, for his wife. This is not good even for girls...and sounds completely crazy, cause we are talking about tennis number one. Not that I want him to be Safin...but...\nIt came to me earlier...how hard for these guys can it be to find a regular girl? I mean not a girl chasing his fame and money...but the real one. I believe that Jelena is the right choice, but this is too early, I'm afraid.\nAgree with both statements\nI understand we're your coming from :3 after all, that almost\nhappened to me\n(\"dated\" my \"maker\" -TB term, I need to be humorous about this dark period of my life\n-), with my boyfriend of 6 years, I was 19 when we started to date (he was 23) and 25, when we separated for good, over the course of time, we ended up being married without actually getting married, cause you get so 'used to' be with that person all the time that you tend to believe the next logical step to do is get hitched... or to break up.\nIn Nole and Jelena's case, the thing is they've been dating for 5-6 years I think? e.e once you get to that stage, some couples (due to social pressure, some times) see it as a, make it or break it deal, so they decide to get married, OR to break up. I'm not saying they're not in love, because you", "hance student learning.\nIf we encounter a man of great intellect, we should ask him what books he reads.\n-Ralph Waldo Emerson\nScholastic Book Fair will be February 26 through March 5 in the library.\nChoose another page in this section", "What motivated Sir Robin Knox-Johnston to return to competitive solo racing", "I resigned from my position as a member of a legal department (within a small local corporation) about 6 months ago. Part of my reason for resigning was that my ex-boss was extremely unprofessional and abusive. His actions and maltreatment of coworkers and direct reports have earned him a bad reputation within the company.\nSince that time, my ex-boss has continuously told my former co-workers what a \"bad\" employee I was and how I incorrectly handled my work. I have a network of former colleagues who have kept me up to date about his ranting statements. While his comments are solely directed at members of my former group and not to others in the company, I still am concerned about my reputation and what he can do to me. Now I heard that he has requested that all of my old emails be restored and he is spending hours upon hours going through my emails, looking for things that I deleted and emails where either myself or my former colleagues may have made comments about him. These comments may have been jokes or snide", "a playmaker?\nI'm not sure what your definition of a playmaker is but I could definitely see the Patriots packaging picks in the second round to move up. Of course, I could also see them moving down, something they've done more frequently in the past than the former. Basically, nothing is off the table when it comes to Belichick and the draft. He's open to pretty much anything. But I like you're idea of being aggressive if there's a specific player hanging around at the bottom of the first round. Let's hope you're right and the Patriots wind up with a dynamic player who makes an immediate impact.\nI follow the draft websites closely and have noticed that the Patriots have either the 42nd or 44th pick in the second round. Why is this?\nThe league conducts coin flips to determine the full draft order beyond the first round (tiebreakers are generally used in the first round, although coin flips can also come into play there depending on the situation). The league will determine the complete draft order next week and therefore the Patriots selections in the second round and beyond will be known at that time. Right now there is some ambiguity to the Patriots picks based on these pending coin flips.\nErik/Andy/Paul, is the question Wilfork or Peppers? Or is it Wilfork or Peppers and first- and third-round draft picks? Seems like drafting and trading has its benefits, and while you do know what Wilfork brings to the table, I think the doubt you might have about filling his spot is removed by the draft compensation provided by trading him to Kansas City or Cleveland.Russ Kupperstein\nI'm not sure I'm following you here but I think you're suggesting trading Wilfork for first- and third-round picks \u2013 is that right? Then you'd sign Peppers and have two extra picks? I love it, but I doubt Cleveland and Kansas City, the two teams you threw out there, would. Richard Seymour was traded for a first-round pick and many league insiders believed the Patriots got a steal. Seymour is a better player than Wilfork with more versatility, he's in better shape and their ages are pretty similar (30 and 28). So I doubt you'd be able to get a first and a third for Wilfork. If I've misread your post, I apologize.\nIf the players union and the owners are unable to come to an agreement and lockout/strike until both sides come to an agreement, how will this affect future drafts? I know the Patriots are selecting 22nd in the first round of April's draft, but if the lockout lasts an entire season would the Patriots lose the Seymour pick? And what would the draft order be for the NFL teams?\nYou don't have to worry about that happening because regardless of the labor situation next year, the draft will go on. In fact, if there is a lockout for 2011 the NFL plans to have the April draft be the final league activity conducted as normal. So even if disaster strikes and there is no football in 2011, there will be a draft and the Patriots will get the Raiders pick", "What are the current requirements for children regarding booster seats in Arizona", "Namaste, and thank you for checking in. At long last I will be blogging \u2014 2008 feels too energetically explosive to keep quiet any longer.\nBlessings to you \u2026\n\u201cPhilosophy must first develop the context before science can most effectively develop the content. Content without co", "What destination did Dan and the narrator ultimately sail towards after dropping anchor", "What kind of information can be found on the sites related to Reiff", "08 Apr 2019\nPresident Ram Nath Kovind on Monday announced the National Institute of Ranking Framework (NIRF) rankings released by the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD).\n27 Jan 2019\nThe Empowered Expert Committee (EEC) set up by the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) for selecting Institutions of Eminence (IoE) has put in a recommendation to increase the number of IoEs from the current 20 to 30.\n16 Jan 2019\nTimes Higher Education (THE) has released its 2019 rankings for universities in emerging economies, and 25 Indian higher education institutes have made it to the top 200.\n05 Dec 2018\nA powerful explosion today rocked an aerospace laboratory at the Indian Institute of Science in Bengaluru, killing a scientist and grievously injuring three others.\n03 Dec 2018\nIISc-Bangalore has been ranked among the top 100 universities in the world in the subject category 'Engineering and Technology' in 2019 Times Higher Education rankings.\n01 Dec 2018\nIn the race for pate", "What challenges does the Mexican mining industry face in terms of technology adoption", "ptional supplements.\nYacon root is high in fructo-oligosaccharides, a unique sugar which helps good bacteria and inhibits bad bacteria in your gut. There is much written about the health benefits of this plant which is related to the sunflower and dahlia plant.\nCacao, especially Criollo Cacao is high in polyphenols and antioxidants and have positive effects on the heart and the gut especially serotonin levels. Most cacao is not Criollo but instead Forastero. Look for the Criollo Cacao.\nIf you read the last blog post, try motility testing these two products. They test exceptionally well. If you want to know what a food or supplement should test like, try the Cacao and Yacon!\nFor more information on these high quality foods please check their website at www.guanniorganic.com\nRalph Havens, PT, OCS, IMTC", "What is the main purpose of the video overview by CIRCA Cycles", "rporation also allows creditors in the Portland area to assess the credit worthiness of the business as a whole rather than that of its owners, allowing the business to receive loans more easily. Lastly, a corporations charter requires that ownership be divided into stakes or \"shares\" of stock, all of equal size. This makes the process of transferring control much more practical.\nCosts of Incorporation\nIncorporation comes at a price. First, Tennessee may charge a filing fee to process applications for incorporation. Also, the corporation will pay taxes as its own entity. In other words, the profits a corporation makes are now taxed separately, while any disbursements to shareholders are taxed as individual income. This is called double taxation. However, a business may avoid this disadvantage with proper planning and assistance from a local Portland lawyer", "What technology did the Indian Telecom companies find most interesting during their cross-Canada tour", "What is the process required to incorporate a business in Tennessee", "What does Thomas Campbell suggest is the limitation of traditional science in its search for a unified theory", "y, whose book We Were Soldiers Once \u2026 and Young documents the first major U.S. ground battle of the Vietnam War, said that Vietnam changed the mindset of the military because of the open and unrestricted reporting done by journalists.\n\"Now there were some \u2026 who said \u2026 that we, by our reporting from the battlefield, turned the American people against the military and against the war, [but] I think that none of us ever had that power.\"\nGalloway added that, while Vietnam remains a model for him in terms of military-media relations, U.S.-led military operations in Grenada and Panama were \"disastrous\" in terms of the media's ability to cover those conflicts because of military restrictions.\nGalloway said limiting journalists' access to a war also can work against the military. He pointed to the Persian Gulf War as an example. \"When the war was over you had no proof of the efficacy of your efforts and your soldiers' efforts to take up on [Capitol] Hill at a very difficult time when troop cuts, budget cuts, drawbacks are all under way,\" he said.\nBut he added, \"The military is willing to learn, the journalists are not,\" as evidenced by the numerous invitations he has received from the military to speak about the subject. Galloway said he has not received any invitations to speak to news organizations or journalism schools.\nDavis said that despite the constant tension and sometimes opposing goals of the military and the media, the military's primary role is \"to support and defend the Constitution of the United States, the First Amendment of which is freedom of speech and of the press. \u2026 Those of us who think about that realize that we and our brothers and sisters are willing to lay their lives on the line to protect those freedoms.\"\nPentagon bars media from transmitting prisoner photos\nBut CBS News airs brief footage of detainees being transferred from Afghanistan to Cuba, while Associated Press protests government's order.\nNews media protest lack of access to U.S. soldiers\nMilitary apologizes for preventing journalists inside Afghanistan from witnessing transfer of wounded American troops.\nPress says Americans bored by war news\nPanel says government will withhold information unless public demands it.\nNews media, administration struggle over press freedom, national security\nAnalysis 'Patriotism and transparency are kissing cousins,' says free-press advocate; restraint, are close relatives too, government insists.\nU.S. Marines' Afghan landing includes news media\nReporters from Associated Press, Reuters, Gannett, AP Television News are first allowed to accompany U.S. forces in Afghanistan.\nLarry Flynt loses round in battle for media access to Afghan war\nFederal judge denies Hustler publisher's request for preliminary injunction, saying it doesn't appear his reporters have 'been denied the access they seek.", "tures and description of all accommodation, local area information and contact details.\nHoliday cottage with two bedrooms. Includes details of the property, photographs, prices and directions.\nLast update:January 14, 2008 at 12:40:35 UTC", "What significant announcement did President Ram Nath Kovind make on 08 April 2019", "What are the dates of the Scholastic Book Fair", "What does the author wish for when feeling the need to be alone", "Anyone who has been through a difficult, not to mention catastrophic, event can tell you that after dealing with the fear, the danger, and the property damage, it can be heartbreaking to face the possibility of losing treasured or important personal items. For a long time, such belongings would be written off as lost forever, but time and technology have worked to change that.\nAll County Environmental & Restoration\u2019s content restoration services are the cutting-edge solution to the personal property you feared was damaged beyond repair. Not only are we able to save insurance companies millions in replacement costs, but we also understand the needs of both the insurance company and the customer. And we know that some things can never be truly replaced.\nSuperior cleaning processes and the latest technologies, like ultrasound and Hydroxyls, ensure", "create a new development or option in the software Maptek is open to considering these additional changes.\nDuring the planning stage Chronos, a module of Vulcan that helps in determining the mine schedule, comes in very handy. It works within an object-oriented spreadsheet environment to store, manipulate and report mine production information on a daily, weekly, monthly or annual basis, as well as how much is going to be extracted and how it can be optimized with the available resources. \u201cThe best way to extract the resources depends on what type of mine it is. Vulcan allows the user to develop tasks, telling them how much will be produced throughout the life of the mine, depending on the equipment being used. The system automatically optimizes, offering immediate benefits,\u201d Ram\u00edrez says. \u201cConsidering different variables such as cost, price, discount rate, and optimization can be simple or complex, depending on each client\u2019s needs. The main objective is to provide information on the maximum benefits that will be obtained, according to the information available on a certain deposit. If new studies are done the quality of the data improves and the system is automatically updated, to provide the maximum benefit. The financial side of a mine operation always has to be taken into account, as well as the desired profitability when a very large investment is made.\u201d\nAn example of the company\u2019s continuous product improvement can be found in BlastLogic, an accuracy management system that streamlines processes in open cut drill and blasting operations to improve mineral recovery. Ram\u00edrez explains that Maptek delivers tools for designing and planning open pit and underground mining operations, including making drilling design diagrams and determining the amount of explosive used to exploit a deposit.\nGiven how long the company has been working in Mexico, Ram\u00edrez considers Maptek to be well positioned in the market. Gaining a greater market share presents challenges: \u201cOur goal is to provide our clients with great software that allows engineers and geologists to develop their tasks in an easy and simple way, while offering high quality technology and customer support, and other consulting services, and this is a complicated task. However, as I mentioned, innovation is a crucial element of our growth strategy, and Maptek is always developing new technologies. We have research and development teams in Denver, Chile and Australia that are constantly searching for new products and making improvements on existing ones, based on the feedback we get from our clients.", "What features does the Ranger mobile browser provide for parents concerned about their children's online safety", "MobSafety Ranger launches in India! 12/07/2011\nRanger is a feature-rich mobile browser suitable for children that is free to download. It is available for all Apple and Android devices and enables parents to filter content and create what the company describes as \u201ca PG-13 environment\u201d for children. Parents will be happy to know that Ranger has time controls and can be set to shut down browsing after bedtime.\nThe Android GPS locator version of the product can be downloaded for $1.99 US (approximately 99 rupees) and is also released today. This enables parents to locate the device if the child loses it. In addition, with a few clicks parents can create a GPS \u201cGeofence\u201d to receive a text message when their child or the device leaves the village, or any area defined by the parents.\nAsked about India, MobSafety\u2019s CEO Nick Murray declared, \u201cThe Indian mobile market is at the cusp of exploding with very competitively priced phones and tablets. MobSafety a", "What strategy did Coach Kevin Borseth mention his team used to contain the players Prahalis and Hill during the game", "the most effective and efficient process available, allowing us to restore your sentimental items. And, as always, our restoration process comes with the promise of environmental responsibility that is the hallmark of the All County name.\nWe are especially proud of our state-of-the-art facility, which continues to set the standard for content replacement processing. Moreover, our expert restoration team is highly skilled and receives ongoing training, education, and screening on the latest restoration techniques, ensuring that your property will always be in the most experienced and knowledgeable hands.\nIn fact, we are so confident in the skill of our staff and the quality of our service that we welcome you to stop by our facility at anytime during normal business hours. You don\u2019t even have to call first.\nOur content restoration services include", "What type of companies does Palo for Excel primarily target", "A Summary of Child Car Seat Laws in Arizona\n- Children under five years old should be secured in the appropriate child restraint system.\n- Parents should rely on American Academy of Pediatrics guidelines when the law has not issued specifics on age, weight or height.\n- Children with age range 5-8 years who have a height of less than 4\u20199\u2019\u2019 are required to be restrained in a federally approved child restraint system.\n- The state of Arizona does not state the specific requirements for children to legally sit in the front seat.\n- You can be charged with a class six felony for reckless behavior if you leave a child inside a car.\nRear-facing Child Car Seats in Arizona\nArizona law requires children below the age of 5 to be correctly secured in the appropriate child-safety seat. While the state has yet to issue any specific laws for rear-facing seats, parents can use AAP (American Academy of Pediatrics) guidelines. AAP recommends infants should ride in a rear-facing seat until they turn 2 years old or exceed the manufacturer\u2019s weight (at least 20 pounds or more) and height limits. The rear-facing car seat must never be placed in the front seat or near an active airbag. To position your child safely in a rear-facing seat, the straps should lie firmly and flat on top of the shoulders.\nForward Facing Car Seat Laws in Arizona\nBy law, children younger than 5 years should be secured with the appropriate child restraint system. The state does not mention anything to do with infants or when forward-facing seats can be used so it is up to the parent to decide what guidelines to follow. Recommendations from AAP advise parents to graduate their children to a forward-facing car seat once they are at least one year old and weigh 20 pounds or more. The car seat manufacturer\u2019s guidelines can be used to determine whether to place a child in a forward-facing seat or to turn the seat forward in the case of a convertible seat. These type", "What disclaimer did Groucho Marx make about his willingness to join a club", "What are the prospects of retaining Stephen Gostkowski as the kicker for the Patriots", "What advantages do high-fatigue-strength engineering plastics provide for chair components in furniture designs", "and aesthetics of display. Her work includes installation, film, publications and performance. Her work has been presented at various institutions, including at Neverneverland, Amsterdam (2018); Contemporary Art Gallery, Vancouver, (2016); The Blackwood Gallery, Toronto (2015); Mus\u00e9e d\u2019Art Moderne, T\u00e9touan (2014), Art Gallery of Ontario, Toronto (2011) and Sanat Limani, Istanbul (2010).\nRagil Dwi Putra (Indonesia)\nRagil Dwi Putra (b. 1992, Salatiga, Indonesia) completed his Bachelor degree in Fine Arts from the Jakarta Art Institute in 2016 with a major in Printmaking Arts. In his practice, he reinterprets objects that he encounters in daily life through the medium of performance art. The work\u2019s shape, color, composition, character, and its relationship with the resilience of the body are played out within a particular time frame. Ragil participated in workshops in art events such as Jakarta 32 C (2014), OK. Video (2015) and Art Summit (2016). He was actively involved as a participating artist in various performance art festivals like Undisclosed Territory in 2016 and 2018.", "What records is 'The Twilight Saga: New Moon' breaking in terms of ticket sales", "Artist-in-Residence Program Period #1 2019\nFrom 1 March to 31 May 2019, Cemeti in collaboration with Mondriaan Fund again held the Artist-in-Residence Program, Period # 1, 2019. The residency program developed by Cemeti continues the main idea of creating a connection between art and society by encouraging an open process for residency artists to develop work ideas, conduct research and knowledge exchange, and connect artists with various local networks that support collaborative work. For three months, the residency artist will feel the nuances of the new interaction space and explore the social field with the Cemeti team and residency program assistant, Muhammad Tomi.\nArtists\u2019 Profile (in alphabetical order)\nMirjam Linschooten (Netherlands)\nMirjam Linschooten (b. 1976, Leiden, Netherlands) completed an MA at the Dutch Art Institute (NL) and a BFA at the Gerrit Rietveld Academy (NL). Her multidisciplinary practice is concerned with how cultural heritage institutions represent history, exploring tactics of representation and the way memory is constructed, forms of collecting", "What health issues did the person experience over a year ago", "What are the main features of All County's content restoration services", "What triggers the author's feelings of unfitness for social interaction", "What are the health benefits of Yacon root and Cacao mentioned in the text", "Why is the author beginning to blog in 2008", "e toIncubus World Headquarters\nSign Upor Sign In\nOr sign in with:\n\u00a9 2015 Created by Incubus.\nReport an Issue |\nTerms of Service\nPlease check your browser settings or contact your system administrator", "In \u201cDear Wit: Letters from the World\u2019s Wits\u201d (Prentice Hall), H. Jack Lang gives us a treasury of written wit collected over 50 years.\nWit is not easily defined, but James Thurber came close when he observed that \u201cThe wit makes fun of other persons; the satirist makes fun of the world; the humorist makes fun of himself.\u201d\nIn his introduction, Lang notes that wit is often caustic--it has a victim; but it may also be wise and even gentle. He offers examples of all kinds.\nI quote from the book without attention to categories, but mostly I have sought out the briefest forms. As someone has said, brevity is the soul of wit.\nPerhaps I favor the shafts that have victims. George Bernard Shaw once received this invitation from Winston Churchill\u2019s mother: \u201cLady Randolph Churchill will be home on Thursday afternoon, next, at four o\u2019clock. RSVP.\u201d To which Shaw replied: \u201cSo will George Bernard Shaw.\u201d\nBut the devilish Shaw was outwitted by actress Cornelia Otis Skinner in this exchange after the New York opening of Shaw\u2019s \u201cCandida,\u201d in which she played the lead. Shaw cabled: \u201cExcellent, greatest!\u201d She replied: \u201cUndeserving such praise.\u201d Shaw answered: \u201cMeant the play.\u201d She shot back: \u201cSo did I.\u201d\nA professor at Western Reserve University asked Bertrand Russell to fill out a long and personal questionnaire. Russell replied: \u201cIf this is a specimen of Western reserve, God spare me from Western impudence.\u201d\nA young woman who had submitted some of her short stories to Somerset Maugham for criticism asked him, \u201cDo you think I should put more fire in my stories?\u201d He answered. \u201cNo. Vice versa.\u201d\nWinston Churchill was irrepressible. At a dinner he asked his American hostess, \u201cMay I have a breast?\u201d She explained that in America one asked either for white meat or dark meat. The next day Churchill sent her an orchid with this note: \u201cI would be most obliged if you would pin this on your white meat.\u201d\nThe science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke received a cable from William Randolph Hearst: \u201cIs there life on Mars? Cable thousand words.\u201d Clarke cabled back: \u201cNobody knows. Repeat 500 times.\u201d\nWhen a female admirer asked the playwright Richard Sheridan to explain the essential difference between men and women, he answered: \u201cI cannot conceive.\u201d\nOne of my favorites is Cary Grant\u2019s answer to a cable from an anonymous magazine editor asking \u201cHow old Cary Grant?\u201d Grant replied: \u201cOld Cary Grant fine. How you?\u201d\nAnother movie classic is", "What options are available for users to sign in to Incubus World Headquarters", "What is the theme of the 2015 Dept 56 Snowbabies 'Coffee Talk' figurine", "eat the $200 difference in an effort to save your record.\nSo the reason a $1,000 car insurance deductible makes sense, is that if the damage were any less, you wouldn\u2019t be filing a claim anyway. $1,000 is the perfect car insurance deductible because it\u2019s not enough to make you go broke because you should have the amount in savings (which we do), but it\u2019s enough that if you actually do need to file a claim, you probably will because anything over $1,000 is just too much to take out of savings.\nIf I\u2019m not going to be taking advantage of a $500 deductible because more than likely I would be paying anything out of pocket up to $1,000 just to keep my car insurance from going up, then I might as well save the money on the premiums.\nThe key, of course, is to make sure you have the $1,000 in savings so that you don\u2019t find yourself completely broke should you need to file a claim.\nI actually recently took a look at my dad\u2019s car insurance policy and noticed he had a $250 deductible. I told my dad, \u201cWhen have you ever filed a $250 claim?\u201d He knew he never had, because if the cost was anything between $1 and $500, even up to $700, my dad would most likely pay it out of pocket rather than risk filing a claim and have his insurance go up.\nPut $1,000 into a savings account. Save money on the premiums. And be a cautious driver. That\u2019s how you\u2019ll really save money.\nAs for me, I am now riding a bike to work", "Groucho Marx\u2019s reply to an invitation to join a private club: \u201cI do not wish to belong to the kind of club that accepts people like me as members.\u201d\nWhen a young woman asked Abigail Van Buren if birth control pills were tax-deductible, Dear Abby replied: \u201cOnly if they don\u2019t work.\u201d\nAfter an accident in which she lost a leg, the divine Sarah Bernhardt received this cable: \u201cWe offer you 100,000 dollars to exhibit your leg at our Exposition in Buffalo.\u201d To which she answered: \u201cWhich one?\u201d\nAn admirer of Sinclair Lewis wrote the famous writer, asking for a job as his secretary, and promising to \u201cdo everything for you--and when I say everything I mean everything.\u201d Lewis\u2019 wife, the redoubtable Dorothy Thompson, answered: \u201cMy husband already has a stenographer who handles his work for him. And, as for \u2018everything,\u2019 I take care of that myself--and when I say everything I mean everything.\u201d\nSuccessful authors often receive manuscripts from unpublished writers, asking for their criticism. Samuel Johnson once advised one young man: \u201cYour work is both good and original. But the part that is good is not original. And the part that is original is not good.\u201d\nThe British statesman Benjamin Disraeli had a standard answer to all such appeals: \u201cMany thanks. I shall lose no time reading it.\u201d\nThe French playwright Georges Courteline received a crude note from an impudent young writer demanding satisfaction for a minor insult. The note was filled with misspelled words. Courteline replied: \u201cAs I am the offended party, the choice of weapons is mine. We shall fight with orthography. You are already dead.\u201d\nWill Rogers starred in the Ziegfeld Follies during World War I. A young woman wrote him: \u201cWhy aren\u2019t you in the Army?\u201d Rogers replied: \u201cFor the same reason, Madam, that you aren\u2019t in the Follies--physical disabilities.\u201d\nActress Ilka Chase\u2019s marriage to actor Louis Calhern ended after six months. He soon remarried, and Ilka sent the new bride a box of unused calling cards, engraved \u201cMrs. Louis Calhern,\u201d with this note: \u201cHope these reach you in time.\u201d\nPerhaps it is not wit, but the most charming line in the collection is in a very brief essay written by Maria Taft, daughter of William Howard Taft III, in response to her teacher\u2019s request for a brief family history.\nMaria wrote: \u201cMy great-grandfather was President of the United States. My grandfather was Senator from Ohio. My father is Ambassador to Ireland. I am a Brownie.", "Panel: Media-military tension intensifying during war on terrorism\nBy Natalie Cortes\nWASHINGTON The longstanding conflict between the news media's need for access and the military's need for secrecy has continued during the war on terrorism, journalists agree. If anything, the tension between the two groups has gotten worse.\n\"If the best information about what's happening on the battlefield is coming from the Pentagon, then you know something is out of whack, and for a long time, the best information we could get was what we were getting from the Pentagon,\" said CNN military affairs correspondent Jamie McIntyre. Without direct access to military operations, accuracy in war coverage suffers, he said.\nMcIntyre spoke at a March 26 panel discussion at the National Press Club. The program, \"The Military and the Media,\" was sponsored by the Newseum, the National Press Club and the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund. The Newseum has continued to host and sponsor discussions on media issues since closing its Arlington facility on March 3. The new Newseum on Pennsylvania Avenue is expected to open in 2006.\nDespite the continuing conflict between the two groups, McIntyre did give the military good marks for the access given to reporters during the 17-day offensive against the Taliban and al-Qaida fighters known as Operation Anaconda.\nAssociated Press Pentagon correspondent Susanne Schafer, who has reported on the U.S. military for the last 10 years, agreed that the situation for journalists improved during Anaconda. But she emphasized that media access during the prior five months was limited.\n\"One thing that the Pentagon has tried to do is to use the idea that this is a different kind of war as an excuse to prevent that open coverage,\" she said.\nPentagon senior spokesman Bryan Whitman said the military understands reporters' concerns but that the top priority must be troop safety. \"Ensuring \u2026 that what we do with the news media in the Pentagon or in the field doesn't do anything to jeopardize the success of the operation or endanger the personnel that are participating in the military operation \u2026 has to be balanced all the time with \u2026 how much reporting can be taking place at any given moment,\" he said. He noted that journalists were aboard the ships that launched the first missiles in the war in Afghanistan.\nBrig. Gen. Andrew Davis, director of the U.S. Marine Corps' public affairs division, said the Corps \"believes that the best coverage comes from embedding journalists with our combatant troops,\" making it one of the most accessible military branches to journalists.\nDavis gave the example of the Pulitzer Prize-winning photo of the Iwo Jima flag-raising, which would not have been captured had photographer Joe Rosenthal not accompanied that Marine platoon.\nBut author and former war correspondent Joe Gallowa", "What concerns does the text express about timing in Novak's relationship given his demanding schedule"]}