{"q_indices": [88, 8, 109, 66, 9, 112, 48, 58, 121, 103, 99, 6, 57, 56, 15, 37, 24, 0, 13, 76, 39, 30, 82, 29, 17, 100, 120, 32, 124, 40, 7, 89, 127, 96, 51, 93, 28, 47, 63, 1, 65, 125, 87, 101, 20, 61, 26, 4, 22, 113, 80, 68, 104, 44, 27, 95, 117, 18, 91, 21, 42, 78, 85, 25], "a_indices": [36, 14, 45, 3, 84, 64, 34, 102, 31, 46, 33, 106, 77, 111, 52, 2, 41, 23, 116, 119, 81, 11, 98, 10, 83, 71, 12, 73, 55, 90, 97, 49, 67, 60, 59, 54, 74, 118, 105, 75, 86, 122, 79, 92, 50, 72, 108, 19, 123, 70, 43, 35, 69, 5, 38, 126, 62, 94, 16, 53, 107, 114, 115, 110], "texts": ["What is a method mentioned for adding a personal touch to cushions", "What components are involved in the deep scaling appointment to promote gum health and healing", "g Sindh Azad Conferences in Sindh and managed to misguide people and got support. As they knew well that people can be gathered and exploited in the name of religion and nationalism. The first Sindh Azad Conference was held on 18th of April 1932 at Karachi with Shaikh Abdul Majeed Sindhi as its president, second was held on 15th of November 1932 at Hyderabad and it was presided over by Allam Yousuf Ali and on this occasion Sindh Azad Conference Party was formed with Sir Shahnawaz Bhutto as its president. Third conference was held on 26th of April 1934 at Sukkur with K.B. Pir Bux as its president. The fourth and last Sindh Azad Conference was held on 28th of July 1934 at Karachi and it was presided over by Sir Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah. His presidential address is of historical importance and reflects the psychology of our Upper Class. Though, the comlete text of his address and proceedings of the said conference are available with Gul Hayat Institute, but can not be shared here as it will be irrelevant here. However, abstact from his address is repoduced here so as readers can form on their own the opinon about political vision & wisdom of Sir Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah.\nIn the course of his speech, he said:\nThe first fear of our Hindu friends is that we Mohammedans are going to have a Pakistan, that is, a Mohammadan combine and domination, with Sindh, Baluchistan, Punjab and N.W.F.P all joining hands.\nIn Sindh we have, no doubt, a majority, but the Hindu minority is a very effective one, in Baluchistan the question has not yet arisen, in the Punjab, if the new Councils are introduced, we may have a majority only by a catch vote, in N.W.F.Province, we are in an overwhelming majority, but can anything be said of any harm coming to the Hindus from Mohammadans there?\nIt is therefore far from the intention of Mohammadans of this province to establish a Pakistan. The Mohammadans of this Province do not wish Sindh to be amalgamted with the Punjab, where their co \u2013 religionists have a majority. Had there been any such intention on their part, the most natural thing for them would have been to join the Punjab, as every thing is common between the two, and this would be even with Hindus of Sindh, most of whom say that they hail from the Punjab, and have their shrines there\u2026\u2026.", "woman Vicky Hartzler, Missouri Senator Caleb Rowden, Boone County Presiding Commissioner Dan Atwill, Cooper County Presiding Commissioner Don Baragary, and Columbia Mayor Brian Treece. Also, in attendance were several Missouri Legislators, representatives from Senator Roy Blunt\u2019s office, local city and county leaders, officials from MoDOT, and members of the team that will design and build the new bridge. Participants were able to take turns tightening bolts on a ceremonial beam, officially launching construction on the project.\n\u201cThis bridge was designed with the future of Interstate 70 and the safety of the traveling public in-mind,\u201d said MoDOT Director Patrick McKenna. \u201cWhen complete, it will include two bridges, one in each direction of travel, each wide enough for four lanes of traffic. This approach also allows us to construct both bridges with limited impacts to traffic.\u201d\nThe new bridges will include many safety enhancements, including a high friction surface treatment and pavement sensors to reduce weather-related incidents, wet reflective striping, and a linear delineation system (a line of reflective signs along the barrier wall) to help increase lane and bridge visibility.\nThe first bridge will be built north of the current bridge and is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2023. Traffic will then be transitioned to the new bridge, the current bridge will be demolished, and construction is scheduled to be completed on the eastbound bridge by the end of 2024.\nFor more information on this project, or to subscribe to emails and updates regarding the new bridge\u2019s progress, visit www.modot.org/RocheportBridge", "What are some examples of low manipulation styles mentioned in the text", "For the offensive line that hope would be a potential return of Okorafor from his concussion, and Zach Banner (knee) finally coming off Injured Reserve (IR). On the defensive side of the ball the Steelers could turn to Akhello Witherspoon, who they acquired via trade with the Seattle Seahawks prior to Week 1, to help fill the void left by Sutton if he has to miss any time.\nSutton\u2019s groin injury is just the latest in a long line of groin injuries the Steelers have suffered throughout the first four games of the season. Players who have been sidelined with the same injury are:\nCB Joe Haden\nOLB Alex Highsmith\nOLB T.J. Watt\nILB Devin Bush\nMike Tomlin will address the media Tuesday in his weekly press conference and will likely shed more light on the injury situation as the team prepares for the Denver Broncos in Week 5 of the 2021 regular season.\nBe sure to stay tuned to BTSC for the latest news and notes surrounding the black and gold as they press on throughout this 17-game regular season.", "What personal admission did Jackie make about her fantasies during a conversation", "What do you miss out on by only using drumsticks or thighs instead of whole chicken leg parts in a meal", "What concept is proposed in the text as a way for families to navigate holiday challenges", "What do you need to do to watch free HBO Max episodes", "on the smart phone right now and get access to just about all of the betting and live online casino features.\n- Once you login, find the top-up balance option and choose any kind of option from Visa card or Master Card.\n- The functionality is usually quite convenient \u2013 on the departed is a list of athletics that you can bet on.\n- Through the navigation menus you can choose slots, roulette, cards games, lotteries and fast games.\nIf you are not very assured in your own abilities, the machine will perform almost everything for you. Determine the amount that you are likely to spend on typically the game and you will not be sorry to lose if an individual fail. It\u2019s performed in casinos almost all over the globe and is often one of the most popular game titles at an online casino.\nHow To Commence Playing At The Live-casino?\nThe casino offers numerous interesting slots, which is often chosen by genre, provider, and computer chip. That means typically the games can be sorted by typically the availability of free rounds, jackpot, Wheel associated with Fortune, and thus on. In addition to the standard scratch cards and video slots, there are usually also fast game titles such as craps, thimbles, darts, plus-minus, sapper, and even more. And inside the Digital Sports section, an individual can bet on simulated sports activities and watch brief but spectacular living competitions.\n- The list of providers includes such trustworthy companies as Playson, Spribe, OneTouch, NetEnt, Igrosoft, Evolution Gaming, Betsoft, etc.\n- Another privilege of gamblers from the MostBet betting india system is the opportunity to be involved in betting on various sports.\n- This is a new slot that easily punishes excessive aspirations and gives exciting prizes if enjoyed in a fun spirit.\n- This method is based on the theory from the famous 18th-century Finnish philosopher and mathematician Jean Leron d\u2019Alembert.\n- Mostbet is usually a good internet site, I have been betting on cricket in Of india for a long time.\n- All that\u2019s left is to be able to confirm everything plus the deposit is going to be made on your own account.\nIt shows how much some of them possess bet and if they won something (and with which multiplier). Typically, only huge events are shown, such as large bets, big benefits or big losses. In any edition in the Aviator game tactics, it is usually also possible to reduce. And yet, along with judicious use of some of these strategies, an individual can expect success. It is not really easy for newbies to Aviator, because they are not necessarily yet familiar with the particular game.\n\u1408 Mostbet App Get For Android Apk & Ios Inside India\nThe institution is not discovered in fraudulent purchases and does not really practice blocking clean up accounts. Also, this is a plus that there is a special help team for confirmation problems, which focuses primarily on the most challenging part for several gamblers. You must read the phrases of each reward carefully before engaging in wagering or activating it.\n- You will make Mostbet login using a simple tap of the finger thanks to be able to the Touch IDENTITY feature.\n- In so that it will win when participating in slots in the particular casino area, you must make gambling bets and get particular symbol combinations.\n- Mostbet guarantees the security and fairness of the game, providing a secure and enjoyable gaming environment for players in India.\n- The most popular sports to bet on are football, basketball, in addition to baseball.\nThat is usually, with each failure, the chance that the next bet will certainly win increases. If the site will be down or having issues, please make use of Mostbet\u2019s live conversation feature to contact typically the customer service team. They will acquire back as soon as possible evolving on the issues and how long a person will have in order to wait. Poker can be played with many different kinds of cards, but most commonly is actually enjoyed 52 credit cards from the standard porch of playing playing cards. If you study the review to the end, you will discover how you can enhance the initial first deposit amount up to be able to 125% with the promo code. In other entertainment types, progress is either stunted down or missing.\nWhat Are The Techniques To Deposit Plus Withdraw Funds Upon Mostbet\nMostBet often broadcasts casino games, where you could watch and luxuriate in the particular live match whilst betting. You may place live gambling bets onMostbetusing the convenient mobile app or website at any time. In addition, Mostbet also offers free moves and promo codes several times a week. The terme conseill\u00e9 Mostbet has worked well the line in a live mode pretty well, this follows from the number of sports plus matches.\n- We are actually studying each review for all these years in order to improve a fine reputation and allow millions of bettors and casino sport lovers enjoy our service.\n- After you\u2019re carried out with typically the registration process, you can start putting wagers right aside.\n- International Game Technological innovation generated revenues of USD four. 69 billion last 12 months, making it the biggest sports betting company within the earth.\n- Owning either a great Ios or Android phone, you could give try years old all of the features upon the betting site.\n- Gamblers can open reside betting mode in addition to upcoming events within one click.\n- Customers can also keep track of their bets using the tracking feature on the webpage.\nMostbet Companions is likely one of many prime playing affiliate packages out there. Joining Mostbet Companions is an excellent selection inside order to period earnings to an additional stage. I advise you to gamble with Mostbet if you want in order to see your funds after winning, due to the fact now many bookies simply block balances without the explanations.\nUsers may also get an increased reward of 125% should they replenish the sport account within 15 minutes after sign up. Here there is also out there more details regarding Spribe\u2019s system regarding honesty of outcomes. Whenever you don\u2019t understand something, inquire Mostbet\u2019s casino help service via typically the Telegram Channel with regard to help.\n- The exact level of cashback depends upon the level of loyalty of the participant.\n- To withdraw funds from mostbet, click on on \u201cWithdrawal\u201d in the cashier section and follow the instructions provided by our customer support staff.\n- This bonus will allow you to spin and rewrite the reels at no cost and not place bets on each and every spin, but receive a cash award if you win.\n- To indulge in the promotion, you should top up your current balance with a good amount of INR 100 or additional.\n- Join the Mostbet application at this time on your mobile device and have access to fascinating betting experiences.\nAt the same time, the capability to pay out cash depends on typically the verification status regarding the profile plus the correctness of the wallet or bank account details. The Mostbet support department gets the right to ask for a photograph of your own passport, driving license or even other identity files to verify the particular account. Every brand-new user after registering at Mostbet will get a welcome bonus up to 25, 000 INR. Join Mostbet in your smartphone right now and obtain access to just about all of the betting and live online casino features. This terme conseill\u00e9 can now take take great pride in in functioning inside 93 different nations around the world and having the particular Mostbet website converted into 25 diverse languages.", "eractions with the earth.\nThe Department of Hydrology and Water Resources focuses on the scientific complexities of water. Faculty and students engage in cutting-edge research to develop new knowledge that forms the bases of policy and practices related to the science of hydrology.\nThe Laboratory of Tree-Ring Research is recognized world-wide as a preeminent center for the advancement of tree-ring techniques and the broad application of dendrochronology in the environmental and social sciences.\nThe School of Earth and Environmental Sciences is a federation of Atmospheric Sciences/IAP, Geosciences, Hydrology and Water Resources, Soil, Water and Environmental Science, the Laboratory of Tree-Ring Research, and the Accelerator Mass Spectrometry Laboratory. This interdisciplinary approach makes it possible for students and researchers to move beyond traditional boundaries to address issues of importance relating to the preservation and improvement of the environment.\n- Life Sciences\n- Earth Sciences\n- Physics and Space Sciences\n- Mathematics and Computational Sciences\n- Neural, Cognitive and Behavioral Sciences\n- Support UA Science\n- Community Connections", "Aloe vera, A. ferox\nInside the fleshy leaf of the Aloe vera plant is a clear gel that has been used for millennia in cultures across Greece, Egypt, Mexico, India, Japan and China. Nefertiti and Cleopatra enjoyed aloe vera gel as part of their beauty regimes, and Alexander the Great and Christopher Columbus used it to treat soldiers\u2019 wounds ranging from cuts and scrapes to burns, insect bites and psoriasis. Aloe vera juice will calm an upset digestion. Aloe ferox, or bitter aloe, is valued as a laxative and as a treatment for arthritis.\nThe fleshy leaves contain 75 useful substances, among them vitamins (including the antioxidants A, C and E, as well as vitamin B12, folic acid and choline; enzymes (including bradykinase, which helps to reduce excessive inflammation when applied topically), minerals (calcium, selenium, magnesium \u2013 to name a few), sugars, lignin, saponins, salicylic acids and amino acids. Anthraquinones provide its laxative effect.\nMany of Aloe vera\u2019s wide spectrum of uses have yet to undergo controlled studies. Chat to your doctor if you\u2019re considering using aloe.\n- Aloe vera is used as an anti-inflammatory agent to treat skin conditions such as psoriasis, dandruff, mouth ulcers and genital herpes.\n- May soothe skin burns and iritation caused by radiation therapy (1, 2, 3).\n- Soothes sunburnt skin (add a cup or two of the juice to tepid bathwater).\n- Aloe stimulates collagen and elastin in the skin, making the skin more elastic and less wrinkled.\n- May help in the healing of acne.\n- May relieve fungal irritations.\n- Taken orally, it eases constipation and may also help to relieve asthma, diabetes and HIV infection.\n- Studies sugges", "What topics will be covered in the Introduction to R workshop", "n Miami calls up his son in New York and says, \"Listen, your mother and I are getting divorced. Forty-five years of misery is enough.\" \"Dad what are you talking about?\" the son screams. \"We can't stand the sight of each other any longer,\" he says. \"I'm sick of her face, and I'm sick of talking about this, so call your sister in Chicago and tell her\", and he hangs up. Now the son is worried. So he calls up his sister. She says, \"Like hell they're getting divorced!\" and calls her father immediately. \"You're not getting divorced! Don't do another thing, the two of us are flying home tomorrow to talk about this. Until then, don't call a lawyer, don't file a paper, do you hear me?!\" and she hangs up. The old man turns to his wife and says \"Okay, they're coming for Christmas and paying their own airfares.\"\nNo one pretends this is an easy time of life. I can well imagine it's not. But I think of my friend's perspective of becoming okay with the new phase and how much easier and happier the holidays would be if others could do the same. She had \"her turn\" as she raised her kids and did Christmas as she and her husband wanted. Now her kids are grown and she says they need to do things in a way that's best for their families. It's their turn. Can we think of it as taking turns?\nI think of her relative she talked to, the young mom who was stressing over doing what everyone else wanted and putting down her own desires for her young family. It should be her turn. What if she spends all her time as her kids grow up doing what everyone else wants, then her kids leave. Did she miss her turn?\nThe simple concept of \"taking turns\" that we teach our toddlers, turns into a lesson we don't want to do ourselves, in later years. Do we regress to fighting for our own way, not wanting to share, this time in ways that are more \"dressed up\" than the biting, pulling, grabbing and screaming of two year olds?\nMy friend who served me tea that day said it's not easy. But it's right. It makes life work.\nHolidays can be hard in some ways. But many families work it all out with no problem. Take turns with location, all happily gather in one place, compromise, celebrate a different date, etc. Even as you are in the \"take your own turn\" stage, it's good to be aware and flexible and occasionally do something different that accomodates others. But if you think about all the families who have family at a distance, or multiple families to visit because of divorce and remarriage, things get quite complex. And stressful.\nBut freedom gives room. Enjoying what we do have. Being flexible.\nThis doesn't apply to everyone, but it will to some. Whether it's your time for you to take your own turn, or whether it's time for you to let someone else have their turn, this is good food for thought this Christmas season.", "What role did Sir Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah play in the Movement for the separation of Sindh from the Bombay Presidency", "On April 22nd it\u2019s Earth Day. A day that\u2019s about paying extra attention to making a positive impact on the planet. One way of doing this is by finding a green job you love. Are you interested in working for a green company? We\u2019ve put together a list of green companies on Magnet.me.\nFounded in 2010, \u201cDopper\u201d has a mission to conserve crystal clear water, in every ocean and from every tap. Every year, 8 million tons (!) of plastic waste ends up in our oceans. Dopper offers people the opportunity to use reusable water bottles to combat the use of single-use plastic to achieve the goal of clean water.\nClick here for Dopper\u2019s company page on Magnet.me.\nThe Fairphone company aims to develop smartphones that are produced with a lower environmental impact. Their HQ is located in Amsterdam. The creation of Fairphone at the time was all about the production of smartphones without the use of conflict minerals, so that people can also use their phone longer.\nClick here for Fairphone\u2019s company page on Magnet.me.\nGreendish\u2019s mission is simple; making sustainable and healthy food available to everyone. With a motivated team of food professionals and specialists, they want to rectify misunderstandings about sustainable and healthy food in their quest for a healthier environment.\nClick here for Greendish\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n4. Too Good To Go\nThis fast-growing scale-up aims to combat food waste in order to combat the greenhouse effect and thus improve the environment. Moreover, Too Good To Go has recently been voted the most inspiring company in the Netherlands! With more than 1 million users, Too Good To Go is currently the world leader in the fight against food waste.\nClick here for Too Good to Go\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n5. Go Sharing\nGo Sharing is changing the way people move around the city. The company offers electric scooters that allow people to get from A to B in a sustainable way. Their motto: from own polluted transport to shared clean transport.\nClick here for Go Sharing\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nFelyx is in the same vein as Go Sharing when it comes to sustainable transport solutions. This company also wants to achieve its goal of a cleaner environment by offering shareable electric scooters.\nClick here for Felyx\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n7. The Ocean Cleanup\nFounded in 2013, this non-profit organization develops cleaning systems that clean up waste that is already in the ocean and the systems also collect plastic from rivers that would otherwise end up in the ocean. This initiative-taking idea has already been awarded numerous prizes and is also a real green company.\nClick here for The Ocean Cleanup\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nP2 strategy is a well-known management consulting company within the environmental sector. In addition to coming up with initiatives to improve the environment themselves, they are mainly open to external customers and partners, who can analyze their idea together with P2 and then implement it strategically.\nClick here for P\u20192\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nGreenchoice is the first sustainable energy supplier company in the Netherlands. The company only supplies 100% green electricity and its mission is to make the Netherlands a little bit greener every day. They do this by saving energy and by compensating for the gas that is still being used.\nClick here for Greenchoice\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe Self-Flow company has a simple mission; The Netherlands without fossil fuel. Self-power wants to achieve this goal by offering affordable and efficient solar panels. In addition, the company supplies green energy and gas at cost price. This way, they try to motivate people a little more.\nClick here for Zelfstroom\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n11. Nexio Projects NL B.V.\nNexio Projects is an international consultancy and project management agency. The company works closely with customers and companies in their journey to a sustainable life. They provide concrete plans and goals to efficiently help companies become greener.\nClick here for Nexio Projects\u2019 company page on Magnet.me\nThe Delft-based company Octatube is a \u201cDesign & Build\u201d partner. They focus on providing high-quality solutions for facades and roofs with innovative and qualitative techniques and materials. This way, they contribute to a sustainable environment for everyone\nClick here for Octacube\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe company, which was founded in 1992, has a mission to provide insights for investors and companies to make the right decisions that lead to a sustainable and just global economy. They want to make the world greener by implementing advice and strategies.\nClick here for Sustainalytics\u2019 company page on Magnet.me\n14. Greenpark Investments\nThis dynamic organization is engaged in the management, management and rental of bungalow parks. The focus of Greenpark Investments is on offering peace, space and nature, so that people can enjoy the green Netherlands.\nClick here for Greenpark Investments\u2019 company page on Magnet.me\n15. The Greenery\nThe Greenery is an international sales organization for fresh fruit and vegetables. The efficient management and control of our wide range of products \u2013 which not only meets the needs of society but anticipates them, is the profession that the company carries out.\nClick here for The Greenery\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nVandebron brings together supply and demand for good energy and offers innovative applications that allow you to use energy in a smarter way. This way, the company works together towards 100% sustainable energy. In addition, they offer smart and accessible energy applications that are good for the world and good for you.\nClick here for Vandebron\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nPatagonia is hard at work saving our planet. This goal is pursued through the recycling of sustainable materials, among other things, and the company is internationally renowned for its commitment to product quality and environmental activism.\nClick here for Patagonia\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe company Physee proposes an energy-neutral tomorrow, where sustainability makes no concessions to design or well-being. In their mission to achieve this goal, they are developing sensory and solar technologies to improve glass for built environments.\nClick here for Physee\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe sustainable company Seepje makes natural washing and cleaning products based on the Sapindus fruit from the Himalayas. As soon as the peel of this fruit sees water, it produces a natural form of soap. In this initiative, they ensure, together with us, a cleaner and more beautiful world!\nClick here for Seepje\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n20. Na\u00eff Natural skincare\nNa\u00eff Natural skincare, the name says it all, contributes to a cleaner world by offering natural skincare products. Moreover, production is conducted in a sustainable manner. As a result, Na\u00eff Care can rightly call itself a green co", "What is the student's current research focus in their graduate studies", "Is it a good choice to use this plugin with WordPress MultiSite Version 3.4.1 given that it hasn't been updated in over a year", "t stress yourself out about not being able to wear buns all the time. Protective styling is mostly intended to protect the ends of your hair, the most delicate part of the strand. Since your ends don\u2019t touch your shoulders, they don\u2019t experience friction from rubbing against your clothing. As with any length, protect your hair at night with a silk scarf, bonnet, or pillowcase, and deep condition regularly.\nLow Manipulation Styles include:\n- Twist outs, Braid outs, Bantu Knot outs\n- Finger/Comb Coils\n- Shrunken Fro\n- Pinned Up Styles\nHere are some lovely protective style tutorials from Youtubers with shorter/medium length natural hair:\n- Coily Bella\u2019s Twist Updo\n- BlackIzBeautiful\u2019s Roll/Tuck/Pin\n- BlackIzBeautiful\u2019s Big Two- Stand Twist Pin Up\n- Alethia1588\u2019s Finger Coil", "What recommendations does Dorwest Herbs provide for helping dogs with firework-related anxiety", "What is the primary mission of Green Flux as stated in the text", "What measures has the New South Wales government announced regarding SME commercial and retail tenancies during COVID-19", "carefully if necessary to form an even shape.\n4. Embroidering is a nice way to achieve a personal touch to your cushions. I like to embroider small cushions at the time they are otherwise prepared and filled. That\u00b4s how I can control exactly the right position on every stitch, where I want a single stitch to be in a ready cushion. Choice a color of embroidery thread and insert the needle into cushion. Push the needle out of the center of the cushion. Leave the end of the thread inside the filling", "What are the steps to create an embroidered cushion for a dollhouse using the described method", "What types of dishes pair well with this wine", "What are some protective styling options for TWA hair that avoid braiding with extensions", "What are important considerations for safe rail, port, and cargo operations during deployment", "What software will be used to create the graphical elements for the hi-tech diver's mask in Part 1 of the tutorial", "What types of games and betting features can a user access after logging into the Mostbet mobile app", "What is the focus of the Department of Hydrology and Water Resources", "Suitsupply is a market defining brand showing strong international growth. They are pioneers at everything they do, and they work hard to keep it that way. Their pioneering spirit generates a contagious energy, which is what enables them to keep putting new ideas into practice. Their strength lies in our formula: straight, to the point and still personal. Fast and effective. Combining craftsmanship with flair. There are few things that", "What are some traditional uses of aloes in South Africa", "When it comes to the more risqu\u00e9 topics that pop up on our show, Kyle and Jackie O usually have their own, very different roles.\nKyle is typically the one egging on and encouraging the inappropriate stuff while Jackie usually tries to skip past it as quick as possible, especially if it\u2019s something about herself.\nBut today there was a complete role reversal. Jackie made an admission about her sex habits that was so darn shocking that even Kyle was left a tad SPEECHLESS!\nKyle and Jackie were chatting to a caller who was about to play the pop quiz and he told them that he was going to propose to his girlfriend if he won. He also confessed that his current girlfriend was actually the", "Westglow Resort & Spa \u2013 Blowing Rock, North Carolina\nSipping wine while sitting in rocking chairs on the westward facing porch at Westglow Resort & Spa at sunset is a memory that will not soon be forgotten. The evening sky over Grandfather Mountain and the Blue Ridge Mountain range was awash in the colors of the brilliant setting sun. The spectacular orange and yellow glow that radiates from behind the mountains and clouds is how this resort, located on a mountaintop in North Carolina, became known as \u201cWestglow.\u201d\nBeing situated on a mountaintop often affords breathtaking views and interesting weather patterns. Many residents in the South travel to higher ground to avoid the heat of summer and and to experience the tranquility of winter. In the fall, guests come to the mountains to see nature\u2019s canvas splashed with the vibrant colors of changing leaves while spring brings the vibrant flowers of this rich soil. The weather on the mountain is always in motion.\nAs we were sitting in the sunporch the next morning, enjoying our first cup of coffee before breakfast, we watched as storm clouds quickly rolled in. The wind gently rattled the window panes as the clouds whisked by. \u201cIf you don\u2019t like the weather, just wait a few minutes,\u201d our server told us as he took our breakfast order. Having heard that saying countless times before, you realize just how true it is as the approaching storm quickly passed and the sun came out illuminating the early hours of the day. Located in North Central North Ca", "evelop competent, confident and enterprising citizens who will promote harmony and peace.\nMIDDLE & HIGH SCHOOL\nGurukuls pedagogical framework in the middle and high school is an innovative and well-balanced approach, taking the learning process beyond syllabus-oriented academics. Academics are strengthened alongside sports excellence, visual and performing arts, leadership and entrepreneurship skills, and community participation. Emphasis is also given towards stimulating ethics, discipline, universal values, creativity, and personality development of the students.\nEVALUATION & ASSESSMENT\nEvaluation is continuous and comprehensive throughout the year and promotion is based on the entire year\u2019s performance.\nSenior Secondary Class XI and XII\nClass XI and XII", "She told me about a conversation she had with a young relative. This young mom admitted to my friend some frustrations with holidays, extended family plans and pressures she felt to make everyone happy. She said to my friend, \"When is it ever gonna be my turn?\"\nMy friend, surprised a bit, said \"But it is your turn\". This hit her relative with surprise, as brand new thoughts burst forth.\nNow back track with me to a post from last year. I shared last year about a Mom's Panel that I take part in. Six moms share 5 minutes about their stage in life, so in 30 minutes the listener has heard highlights of lessons learned in parenting each stage from toddlers to empty-nesting.\nDuring one particular 5 minute segment, the one that covers the phase of life where your own children are married with children, our panel discovered an intriguing phenomenon. No matter where we were, what church we were in, even in other states, the reaction from the audience of women during her segment was the same. Stankface. (That's what a couple of us on the panel eventually named it). What did she say that was so offensive?\nSharon's offending words to fellow grandmas (offered with a smiling face and great humor)- \"I've learned to allow my married children to form their own new holiday traditions and in the process make some new ones of my own and be happy about it. Sharing my children and grandchildren with \"those other people\" at holidays is a good thing but must be learned with gracious cooperation.\"\nAs she shares this hard word with grandmas, they don't like it. There is a generalized \"stankface\" that sweeps across the room, laughter subsides and a bit of thick air permeates as she shares her medicine with a spoonful of humored sugar. We realized how pervasive this problem is and how delicate the feelings are as we watched reactions over and over among diverse groups of women. Strangely, the younger in the crowds always look happy.\nMy lunch and tea friend shared that her grown kids have not been to her house for Christmas in 10 years. I asked her if she's ok with that. She wasn't for awhile, but decided to be. She's now happy she always has an invitation to one of her children's homes for the holidays. Perspective. She says, \"It's their turn\". She also said she only knows of one or two other friends who are also grandmas who have made peace with that. \"What do the others do?\" I asked. \"Manipulate, whine, moan, wring their hands, coerce...\" A great basis for happy holidays. (Not!)\nSince this conversation, I have observed two items in the media relating to this. One is a radio commercial featuring a grandma who brags about all the up to date technology her house offers so that she's the \"favorite grandma\" to visit at the holidays.\nAnother really funny Facebook post I saw is this:\n\"An old man i", "What was the main concern addressed by Sir Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah regarding the relationship between Muslims and Hindus in Sindh during the Sindh Azad Conference", "Armytransportation.tpub.com keyword after analyzing the system lists the list of keywords related and the list of websites with related content, in addition you can see which keywords most interested customers on the this website\n11. Number of packages. 12. Signature of the ship\u2019s master or his agent. 13. Date on which the goods were received for shipment and / or loaded on the vessel (This must not be later than the shipment date indicated in the export order or the letter of credit document).\nSafe rail, port, and cargo operations are crucial to a successful deployment and require prior planning and training. These operations demand the commitment of commanders and leaders at every level to apply the principles of risk management (see DA PAM 385-30) and en", "What are some of the key goals and contributions of the earth sciences programs mentioned in the text segment", "What are some fun spring-themed rainbow crafts mentioned in the text", "DIY: Embroidered cushions - kirjotut tyynyt 1/12\nEmbroidered cushions for dollshouse 1:12\nEmbroidery thread (different colors)\nStart by cutting a pattern for cushions from thin cardboard. The measures are 4,5 x 4,5 cm (incl. 5mm sewing spare). Use pattern to draw it\u00b4s outline into fabric. Cut the pieces from fabric.\n2. Put two pieces of fabric, right sides together. Sew three sides together. Leave one side open and fill the cushion with cotton wool.\n3. Sew and close the last side of cushion. Press", "What did the author realize after being promoted to corporate regarding field employees' concerns", "WELCOME TO THE CBSE AT GURUKUL\nGURUKUL HIGH SCHOOL Bangalore is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi, an all-India Board. The CBSE envisions a robust, vibrant, and holistic school education that will engender excellence in every sphere of human endeavour. The Board is committed to provide quality education to promote intellectual, social and cultural vivacity among its learners. It works towards evolving a learning process and environment, which empowers the future citizens to become global leaders in the emerging knowledge society. The Board advocates Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation with an emphasis on holistic development of learners. The Board commits itself to providing a stress-free learning environment that will d", "Which players have been sidelined with groin injuries for the Steelers in the first four games of the season", "Governor Parson and MoDOT launch Rocheport Bridge Construction\nJEFFERSON CITY - Governor Mike Parson and Missouri Department of Transportation officials were joined by federal, state, and local leaders to commence construction of the new Interstate 70 Missouri River bridges near Rocheport.\n\u201cWe are thankful to all our partners who saw the importance of this bridge and came to the table to find solutions,\u201d Governor Parson said. \u201cThis new bridge will help keep millions of vehicles moving efficiently and support greater state and local economic growth.\u201d\nThe current bridge was built in 1960 and is rated as being in poor condition, which may have resulted in weight restrictions in the coming years. The 60-year-old bridge is safe and will continue to be maintained by MoDOT while construction of the new bridge is underway. The bridge carries 12.5 million vehicles per year, including 3.6 million trucks.\nThe new Missouri River bridge will cost approximately $240 million and will provide a safe and reliable bridge for interstate travelers for the next 100 years. This project was funded in part by an $81.2 million Infrastructure For Rebuilding America Grant, the largest competitive grant ever received by MoDOT.\n\u201cOf course, this bridge is not the only Missouri bridge in need of repair. There are hundreds of bridges across the state that need rebuilt or replaced, but this project shows we are making real progress by working together,\u201d Governor Parson said. \u201cWe are extremely proud of the work accomplished by our MoDOT team and look forward to seeing what else they achieve in the coming years.\"\nGovernor Parson was joined by Congress", "distract them. This approach enables them to create an environment in which their customers feel that they only have eyes for them. They are there for people who want to be seen.\n- Sunday \u00b7 From 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM\n- Monday \u00b7 From 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM\n- Tuesday \u00b7 From 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM\n- Wednesday \u00b7 From 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM\n- Thursday \u00b7 From 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM\n- Friday \u00b7 From 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM\n- Saturday \u00b7 From 11:00 AM to 6:00 PM", "What effects will be shown in the tutorial related to After Effects", "What weather-related sayings does the text mention, and how accurately do they describe the weather at Westglow Resort & Spa", "recipes are very nutritious, the simplest to repair, the most filling, and the clean up is a breeze since you only have one pot to clean! Works for me.\nHalibut and fast-cooking mussels are the celebs of this rich, aromatic meal-in-a-bowl. And whereas the seafood soup might look fancy, and even a bit time-intensive, it\u2019s actually quite easy to arrange: After saut\u00e9ing leeks, garlic, and fennel in a saucepan, you\u2019ll add sherry and canned diced tomatoes earlier than bringing the mixture to a simmer. Add the fish and mussels, and simmer one other 5 minutes, tops. Garnish the bowls with freshly chopped parsley and put a bowl of mixed olives on the desk, and also you\u2019re ready to eat. Crusty bread makes an awesome addition, too. This recipe has a lot of substances and takes a little time to arrange, but it surely all the time goes over effectively in my home. Option: Vienna sausage or SPAM can be substituted. The advantage of utilizing Vienna sausage or SPAM is that they don\u2019t require refrigeration.\nI would love to listen to a few of your concepts for quick and simple one-pan dishes. I might be including more cooking ideas as time permits. Don\u2019t neglect to also read my Cooking by Feel hub for some ideas and recipes that were just thrown collectively. My mouth is watering at the sight of all of your scrumptious recipes! I\u2019m not going to wait to go camping to make them, I\u2019m starting on one proper now! Great job!! Vegetables, both contemporary, frozen or canned, will be added. Canned entire or diced tomatoes might be added to just about anything. The recipes can be spruced up anyway you need. Here are simply a couple of the dishes I actually have found over time. I hope that you simply get pleasure from them as much as my family does. Seasoning, herbs and spices could be added to suit your taste. You probably won\u2019t have to be adding any salt as most canned foods have sufficient salt already in them, unless in fact you\u2019re buying low or no sodium merchandise", "Updated: Sep 22, 2022\nDorwest Herbs very kindly shared this incredibly useful information coming up to firework season.\n1 MONTH to go\nAnxiety remedies for dogs can work on the most severe of phobia cases. We recommend giving them our Dorwest Scullcap & Valerian Tablets daily, starting now! These anxiety tablets for dogs are completely natural and chemical free! Start on 1 tablet per 5 kg\u2019s of bodyweight.\nConsider starting a firework desensitisation programme now. This will gently get your pet used to fireworks sounds and help reduce their fear.\n10 DAYS to go!\nIt might be necessary for severe phobias to double the dose from this point. Pets with moderate phobias may only need this the day before and the day of Fireworks. If you have started giving the tablets a bit later, it may also be a good idea to start the double dose at this point", "What new weapons did Azerbaijan deploy in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic as part of its conflict with Armenia", "SIR GHULAM HUSSAIN HIDAYATULLAH & PAKISTAN\nir Ghulam Hussain was man of name and fame in politics. 4th of October is his death date. He was born in January 1879 in Shikarpur and was educated at Shikarpur High School,D.J.Sindh College, Govt Law School Bombay. He did Graduation in Arts & Law from Bombay University. Entered in Public life in 1904. He was Vice President of Hyderabad Municipality and first non \u2013 official president of the Hyderabad District Local Board. Entered Bombay Legislative Council in 1912 and remained up to 1920. He was Minister of the Govt. of Bombay from January 1921 to June 1928. He remained three times a member of Executive Council of Governor of Bombay from 1928 to 1934.He was deputed to the Round Table Conference by Indian Govt. on two occasions. He Remained Member of the Council of State for six months. He was elected member of Idian Legislative Assembly. He took leading part in the Movement for separation of Sindh from Bombay Presidency. He remained Premier and Governor of Sindh. He breathed his last in 1948.\nThe Movement for the separation of Sindh was not the Movement of the people, by the people and for the people. It was a brain child of the Business community of Karachi. They were facing trouble in getting their administrative problems solved in time. They influenced our leaders also. Seth Harchandrai vishindas was one of them. He was the first Sindhi leaders to speak on the subject. In almost all Sindh Provicial Conferences, this matter came under discussion and the separation was demanded with strong words. When Seth Harchandrai and other Hindus look into the matter from political view, they started opposing the idea. Muslim leaders of Sindh intended to rule Sindh with lion\u2019s share, therefore, they launched the movement with all available chances, oppurtunities and favours. It was bad luck for Sindh and Sindhi Hindus that Harchandrai Vishindas was no more in this world. He was a believer of Hindu \u2013 Muslim Unity. In his absence the issue was not dwelt with properly by Sindhi Hindus. Though, Prof. Chhablani did his level best to advocate the anti \u2013 separation case academically, but most of Sindhi Hindus fought the war out of Sindh: in England and other parts of India. Sindhi Upper Class made Sindh as their battle \u2013 field. They held four bi", "mpany.\nClick here for Na\u00eff Natural Skincare\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n21. Green Flux\nIn their mission, Green Flux wants to make electric driving a success worldwide by making it as easy as possible for people. Their smart platform enables us to serve global players in the EV industry. Ultimately, the company wants to accelerate the global transition to sustainable energy.\nClick here for Green Flux\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nAbout 20 people are now working on the mission within the company Seenons; companies get residual waste-free. Seenons sees a future in which 0% residual waste is the standard. The way Seenons does that is by making it easy for companies to separate waste and then have it collected separately and sustainably.\nClick here for Seenon\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n23. Regionaal energieloket\nThe goal of the Regional energy counter is to make the home more sustainable. This goal creates lots of questions and research. What is possible in your home? What subsidies are there? And how do you find a reliable company to implement sustainable measures? The Regional energy counter offers answers and solutions to these issues.\nClick here for Regionaal energieloket\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nMetabolic\u2019s overarching mission is to transition the global economy to a fundamentally sustainable state. Metabolic advises governments, companies, and NGOs on how to adapt to a rapidly changing global context while creating disruptive solutions that can drastically change the functioning of the economy.\nClick here for Metabolic\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe Nudge company is for anyone who wants to work for a better and cleaner world. Nudge supports initiatives from the start with which they want to realize sustainable changes. The focus is mainly on changing the behavior of individuals and companies.\nClick here for Nudge\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n26. Impact Hub\nKnown as one of the world\u2019s largest networks dedicated to building entrepreneurial communities for impact at scale, Impact Hub is the home of innovators. In short, the group that creates achievable solutions to the world\u2019s most pressing problems.\nClick here for Impact Hub\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe sustainable company Yoni has many great ideas. Ideas about women\u2019s empowerment in a green, sustainable world. Together they ethically conduct their business and are opposed to chemicals in products.\nClick here for Yoni\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n28. Sustainable Appareal Coalition\nThe tools this company uses measures the environmental, social and labor impact throughout the value chain. With this data, the industry can tackle inefficiencies, resolve harmful practices and achieve the environmental and social transparency that we as consumers demand.\nClick here for Sustainable Appareal Coalition\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n29. Greenhouse Innovation\nUsing social sciences, empirical research and the power of Strategic Imagination, GreenHouse Innovation helps their clients drive innovation by unlocking the hidden value within their organizations.\nClick here for Greenhouse Innovation\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe world-renowned Greenpeace strives for a world that runs on clean energy, with rich forests, sustainable agriculture and oceans full of life. By means of research, they uncover abuses and consult with governments and companies about solutions. The theme of sustainability is very important to us.\nClick here for Greenpeace\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n31. Triodos Bank\nTriodos Bank contributes to reducing food waste and the production of cleaner energy, and supporting art that inspires and builds bridges. The mission is to make their clients\u2019 money work for positive social, environmental and cultural change.\nClick here for Triodos Bank\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nEnviu believes in an economy that serves people and the environment. And in the power of impact-driven entrepreneurship to get everyone there. Together with partners, they build companies that address social and environmental issues and drive failing markets to a new standard. In short, they build companies that change the world.\nClick here for Enviu\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n33. Outside Inc.\nAt Outside Inc. it is believed that innovation cannot be achieved just like that, but is the result of long-term dedicated effort, utilizing the core capabilities and qualities of an organization. This way, organizations are able to create sustainable change, resilient, future-proof organizations, and new forms of impactful entrepreneurship.\nClick here for Outside Inc\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n34. NLC \u2013 The health tech venture\nThis sustainable company focused on entrepreneurship is concerned with building new companies that all have a cleaner world as their goal. Their motto is: \u201cTogether we build businesses every day and promote the health of patients all over the world.\u201d\nClick here for health tech venture\u2019s company page\nThe vision at Enact is sustainable, global development, in which the business community is a responsible engine. Their mission is to help companies become more successful in achieving their overall business goals by acting more responsibly, earning the trust and reputation of consumers.\nClick here for Enact\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n36. Green essentials\nAt Green Essentials the objective is as follows; switching the whole of the Netherlands to sustainable, clean products for the home. For this company, products that are 100% animal-friendly, the partners they work with have maximum sustainability and packaging has maximum recyclability. They also believe that the products are of the highest quality in use, fragrance, softness, and power in cleaning.\nClick here for Green Essentials\u2019 company page on Magnet.me\n37. The Green Branch\nThis sustainable company is engaged in projects related to reforestation in Brazil. The goal is to store CO2 in this way and then offer it to companies and individuals.\nClick here for Green Branch\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n38. De Groene Grachten\nAt the Groene Grachten, advice is given on the opportunities for energy saving, generation, and circularity in and around heritage. The company supervises projects in the implementation and provides training, workshops, and lectures. They also develop knowledge platforms and coordinate area-specific approaches.\nClick here for De Groene Grachten\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nSkyNRG\u2019s mission is to create a sustainable future for aviation by increasing the scale of production and use of SAF. the sources of SkyNRG , blend and distribute SAF. Also, they have supplied over 35 airlines on all continents. They also guarantee sustainability within the supply chain, and the creation of innovative models to cover the price premium. Simultaneously, SkyNRG develops production plants and recently announced DSL-01, Europe\u2019s first dedicated SAF production plant. Cool right?\nClick here for SkyNRG\u2019s company page at Magnet.me", "ops transporting the road-mobile LORA missile system along the conflict\u2019s line of contact. The LORA (or Long-Range Artillery) missile is an Israeli-made short-range ballistic missile with ground- and sea-launch capable platforms and a range of about 300 kilometers. The Polonez is a mobile multiple launch rocket system (MLRS) with single and salvo launch capability and a range of 200 kilometers. Its solid propellant rockets can strike eight targets simultaneously with a circular probable error (CEP) of 30 meters.", "Are you looking for fun Rainbow Crafts for kids? This adorable collection of crafts includes all the color and fun of rainbows with fine motor skills, patterns and other early skills practice. They are excellent for allowing children to be creative, play and learn at the same time.\nHere is our list of fun rainbow crafts for preschool.\nRainbow Crafts for Preschool\n- Rainbow Cookies || Red Ted Art \u2013 easy and fun.. as well as lesson in colour theory. See the dough mix together to create new colours of the rainbow!\n- Rainbow Lanterns || Red Ted Art \u2013 brilliant and easy \u2013 a great fine motor skills activity with pretty results.\n- Rainbow Name Craft || Planning Playtime \u2013 How fun is this? The children get to practice spelling their name over and over again in their own special rainbow. Get the printable at the link above.\n- Walking Rainbow || STEAM Powered Family \u2013 Isn\u2019t this adorable? Walking water is a fun way to add a little science to your art activity. Exploring color mixing is easy with this simple rainbow activity.\n- Rainbow Salt Painting Process Art || Planning Playtime \u2013 Kids LOVE salt painting! It is magical to watch the liquid watercolors travel through the paint, and it is great fine motor practice as well. Find the printable at this link.\n- Gorgeous Handprint Rainbow Painting || Kids Craft Room \u2013 I\u2019m a sucker for handprint art. It\u2019s a wonderful way to create a beautiful keepsake with your kids this spring. Use the colors of the rainbow for this simple art activity.\n- Easy Paper Plate Rainbow Craft || Arty Crafty Kids \u2013 Paper plate crafts are my go to project. We always", "What features did the author appreciate about the Dioni cottages when they were selecting a place to stay", "What region did the author decide to look at for their first holiday of 2018 after not finding anything suitable in Scotland", "What type of experience does Westglow Resort & Spa offer to its guests", "On June 11, Azerbaijan\u2019s Ministry of Defense released images of its newly procured Israeli LORA and Belorussian Polonez missiles deployed in the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic. The acquisition comes as part of a by Azerbaijan in the country\u2019s continuing conflict with Armenia over the disputed Artsakh Republic. The new weapons are being touted as a counter capability response to an Armenian deployment of Russian Iskander missiles in 2016. On June 12, the Artsakh Defense Ministry reported observing Azerbaijani tro", "ing not to do so, the President ordered his Vice President to pressure the leaders of nations from which I have requested protection to deny my asylum petitions.\nThis kind of deception from a world leader is not justice, and neither is the extralegal penalty of exile. These are the old, bad tools of political aggression. Their purpose is to frighten, not me, but those who would come after me.\nFor decades the United States of America have been one of the strongest defenders of the human right to seek asylum. Sadly, this right, laid out and voted for by the U.S. in Article 14 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, is now being rejected by the current government of my country. The Obama administration has now adopted the strategy of using citizenship as a weapon. Although I am convicted of nothing, it has unilaterally revoked my passport, leaving me a stateless person. Without any judicial order, the administration now seeks to stop me exercising a basic right. A right that belongs to everybody. The right to seek asylum.\nIn the end the Obama administration is not afraid of whistleblowers like me, Bradley Manning or Thomas Drake. We are stateless, imprisoned, or powerless. No, the Obama administration is afraid of you. It is afraid of an informed, angry public demanding the constitutional government it was promised \u2014 and it should be.\nI am unbowed in my convictions and impressed at the efforts taken by so many.\nEdward Joseph Snowden\nMonday 1st July 2013\n[Image via AP]", "What is one method suggested to create a safe space for a pet during stressful situations like fireworks and thunderstorms", "I heard that many people had issues with W3 Total Cache on a WordPress MultiSite install. And then I see this on the plugin page:\nCompatible up to: 3.2.1\nLast Updated: 2011-8-26\nSe", "What are the steps involved in the tailored periodontal care treatment for gum disease", "o watch.\nTo watch the next episode or stream all of HBO Max, you need an HBO Max subscription. For more info, see How do I get HBO Max?\nYou may see ads before and during a show or movie\u2014similar to watching broadcast TV. Fast forward and skip are not available when an ad is playing.\nQuestions? See All about HBO Max", "What role did Nolan Ryan\u2019s wife, Ruth, play in his career according to the documentary 'Facing Nolan'", "What safety features will the new bridges include to enhance traveling safety on Interstate 70", "On the same day Russian President Vladimir Putin announced his nation would not hand over NSA leaker Edward Snowden, Snowden, who remains ensconced in Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport, has allegedly released a statement of his own\u2014but not everybody is buying it.\nA brief communiqu\u00e9\u2014put out via Wikileaks, of course\u2014attacks the Obama administration for its persistent attempts to get Snowden back in the U.S. and charge him with espionage. The name signed to the missive is \"Edward Joseph Snowden,\" but skeptics on Twitter immediately began questioning the message's veracity.\nDid Edward Snowden really write this? No American would use plural verbs for America \u2014 the United States \"have been\" http://t.co/gxEBBtBoj2\u2014 Farhad Manjoo (@fmanjoo) July 1, 2013\n@fmanjoo Yeah ... also, what American writes dates as \"1st July 2013\"?\u2014 Olga Khazan (@olgakhazan) July 1, 2013\nRead the full statement below and decide for yourself.\nMonday July 1, 21:40 UTC\nOne week ago I left Hong Kong after it became clear that my freedom and safety were under threat for revealing the truth. My continued liberty has been owed to the efforts of friends new and old, family, and others who I have never met and probably never will. I trusted them with my life and they returned that trust with a faith in me for which I will always be thankful.\nOn Thursday, President Obama declared before the world that he would not permit any diplomatic \"wheeling and dealing\" over my case. Yet now it is being reported that after promis", "What key skills and values are emphasized in Gurukul's pedagogical framework for middle and high school students", "After the loss the Steelers lost two more starters to injury, and although the duration they will be out of the lineup is unknown, even if just missing one game could severely cripple the team at that position.\nThe two injured players, according to Mike Tomlin after the team\u2019s most recent defeat, were:\nKevin Dotson (hip flexor)\nCam Sutton (groin)\nThe Steelers were already without Chase Claypool (hamstring) in this game, and when you consider they were also without Chuks Okorafor (concussion) the team will be extremely thin on the offensive side of the football.\nIn Dotson\u2019s absence, it was B.J. Finney who filled in at guard, all while James Washington saw increased reps without Claypool and Joe Haeg stood in for Okorafor at righ tackle.\nOn the defensive side of the ball, without Sutton the team turned to a combination of players to help fill his versatile role within the defense. James Pierre saw increased snaps, along with Arthur Maulet and Tre Norwood.\nCould there be hope on the horizon", "lost a minimum of 25% of their income due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and will include:\n- an obligation for landlords and tenants to negotiate an agreement before the landlord can seek a forced end to the tenancy;\n- the NSW Civil and Administrative Tribunal to protect tenants from eviction until negotiations have concluded;\n- a 6-month prohibition on evicting tenants for 60 days\u2019 rental arrears; and\n- any unpaid rent to accrue as arrears.\nLand tax relief for commercial and residential landlords:\nNew South Wales:\n- the government will provide $440 million towards land tax relief through waivers/rebates of land tax, to be split evenly between commercial and residential landlords;\n- landlords will be eligible for a land tax waiver/rebate on condition that they pass any saving on to tenants who are financially distressed as a result of COVID-19;\n- eligible landlords will be able to apply for a land tax concession of up to 25% of their 2020 land tax on relevant properties;\n- landlords claiming the concession will also be offered a 3-month land tax deferral on any outstanding land tax.\n- landlords will be provided with a discount of up to 25% on land tax for the 2020 calendar year, subject to any savings being passed on to tenants in the form of commensurate rent relief;\n- landlords with a vacant property currently available for lease are also eligible to apply for the discount;\n- the planned introduction of a land tax surcharge applicable to foreign companies that own land is to be deferred;\n- landlords will be offered a 3-month land-tax deferral for the coming tax year.\nPrior to the Code, South Australia had already established measures whereby businesses paying land tax on a quarterly basis are able to defer payment of their third and fourth quarter instalments for up to six months.\nThe other States/Territories?\nAt the time of writing, the remaining States/Territories have yet to announce any proposed land tax relief for landlords.\nWe will keep you updated as any developments occur. If you have any questions about your business and property issues, please get in touch with Jane Wolfe on 0409 159 271 or firstname.lastname@example.org.", "es.\nIf anyone would like more information about my problem or if you have any\ninformation for me, please e-mail me at either of these two addresses:\njfl at rsvs.ulaval.ca\njfl at zone.ca\nThank you very much for your help and your time!\nGraduate Student in Experimental Medicine (pharmacology)\nCentre de Recherche de l'Hotel-Dieu de Quebec,", ".\nCreate a safe place\nA pet crate covered with a heavy blanket, containing treats, favourite toys and a water bowl provides a nice hidey-hole for a pet to escape to. Give your pet time to get used to it and never force them to go in.\nONE DAY to go\nIf necessary, double the dose of our Dorwest Scullcap & Valerian Tablets (or start giving it now \u2013 it\u2019s never too late!).\nThe Valerian Compound is a brilliant tool to use alongside our Scullcap & Valerian Tablets. It will boost the effect of the tablets for situations that your pet finds more stressful. This can be used on its own, or alongside the tablets.\nThe concentrated herbal extracts in this liquid supplement will create a noticeable change in pet\u2019s behaviour within 30 minutes, without causing any drowsiness. The effects are short-lived, making it perfect for Fireworks and thunderstorms", "t Aloe vera may reduce cancer tumour growth (4).\n- Bitter Aloe ferox is recommended for its laxative properties and to relieve a sluggish digestive system.\n- Aloe ferox\u2019s anti-inflammatory action subdues arthritic pain.\nFlora Force Products containing Aloe\nDomestic & culinary uses\nIn South Africa, aloes are used in marmalade, jams, pickles and preserves.\nAloe vera is a shrubby succulent plant that originated in the Arabian Peninsula, but is now cultivated almost worldwide. Over the past decades the use of Aloe ferox, indigenous to South Africa, in the traditional pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry has blossomed. Aloes make excellent low-maintenance accent plants and are easiest to grow in warm climates almost anywhere in the country. Plant in soils with good drainage, mulch regularly and the plants will thrive. Give adequate water during the growing season.\n1. Roberts DB, Travis EL. Acemannan-containing wound dressing gel reduces radiation-induced skin reactions in C3H mice. Int J Radiat Oncol Biol Phys. 1995;32: 1047\u201352. [PubMed].\n2. Sato Y, Ohta S, Shinoda M. Studies on chemical protectors against radiation XXXI: Protective effects of . Aloe arborescens on skin injury induced by x-irradiation. Yakugaku Zasshi. 1990;110: 876\u201384. [PubMed].\n3. Byeon S, Pelley R, Ullrich SE, Waller TA, Bucana CD, Strickland FM. Aloe barbadensis extracts reduce the production of interleukin-10 after exposure to ultraviolet radiation. J Invest Dermtol. 1988;110: 811\u20137.\n4. Peng SY, Norman J, Curtin G, Corrier D, McDaniel HR, Busbee D. Decreased mortality of Norman murine sarcoma in mice treated with the immunomodulator, acemannon. Mol. Biother. 1991;3:79\u201387. [PubMed", "This 2 Part Tutorial aims to show various techniques used to create an imaginary hi-tech divers mask, as seen from the divers viewpoint.\nIn Day 1, I will show how to create the graphical elements that form the basis of all the in-visor display systems. These will be done in Adobe Illustrator, but the same techniques ca", "eve optimal treatment outcomes. Our commitment to your well-being extends beyond the immediate treatment, and we strive to empower you with the knowledge and understanding required for long-term success.\nDeep Scaling Appointment: A detailed thorough cleaning of periodontal pockets, leaving no stone unturned in our pursuit of gum health excellence.\nEssential for Thorough Cleaning: Experience the transformative impact of our meticulous approach, ensuring each periodontal pocket receives the utmost attention and care.\nContinued Support and Re-evaluation: Benefit from our unwavering commitment to your oral health as we provide ongoing support and re-evaluate your oral hygiene methods, guaranteeing sustained progress and lasting results.\nAntibacterial Solutions: Experience the cleansing power of antibacterial solutions as we wash out the periodontal pockets, eradicating harmful bacteria and promoting healing.\nMedicinal Aids for Healing: In certain cases, we may incorporate supplementary medicinal aids to support the healing process within the periodontal pockets, enhancing your overall recovery.\nPrepare to embark on a remarkable journey towards renewed gum health as we bid you farewell, confident in the knowledge that our comprehensive care will guide you towards achieving amazing oral health and allow you to show off that renewed vibrant smile.", "Who is eligible to attend the workshop on getting started with R and R Studio", "Our first holiday of 2018 has officially been booked! Woohoo!\nWe love Scotland and try to visit at least once a year, but when it came to finding somewhere to stay for our first break this year we just couldn\u2019t find anywhere that we fancied. I would find a lovely house but it would be in the middle of nowhere \u2013 ideal for husband, Mia and I but not great for an 11 year old! Then we would find something next to the sea but the house would have no garden or no parking so would be struck off the list.\nSo, after spending 2 weeks looking and not finding anything we could all agree upon I decided to try a little closer to home and look at Wales. We go into Wales for day trips quite often, and have spent many camping holidays on Shell Island, Nantcol and Fforest Fields as well as long weekends in Snowdonia but we don\u2019t really look at it for one of our main holidays. I think with it being on our doorstep and so easy to access you tend to take it for granted . So I thought I would take a closer look and see what was available.\nI had seen Dioni holiday cottages pop up on my Facebook feed so I decided to head on over to have a look. Wow, their cottages look gorgeous! Every photo makes me want to stay there, whether it\u2019s a shot of the kitchen Aga, a bottle of wine ready to pour after a long walk or the breath-taking views of some of the properties. I spend a lot of time looking for dog friendly places to stay as we try to have a few short breaks away each year and some of the images people use to promote their accommodation are awful. At the end of the day these self catering properties are a business and need to earn their keep. Displaying", "What principle is illustrated regarding everyday relationships and understanding situations people encounter", "Prodigy Disc is a unique company founded by a team of World Champion disc golfers who felt the need to develop a more consistent golf disc that would compete on a distance field, as well as offer a longer flight that would operate in tighter confines [...]\nArticle No: PY-6504. Article Release: 2021-01-", "What is the mission of the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) as described in the text", "Through research, observation and outreach, students and faculty in earth sciences programs produce new knowledge about earth and environmental processes and the influences human life has on the environment. This valuable work provides the scientific bases for environmental and climate policy, educates earth and environmental scientists facing the challenges of the future, and disseminates knowledge and solutions of value in scientific, social, economic, political and industrial pursuits.\nThe Department of Atmospheric Sciences/IAP strives to develop a greater knowledge of the interplay between the atmosphere and human activities that impact the atmosphere.\nBiosphere 2, a unique and iconic facility, provides an interdisciplinary approach to the discovery and dissemination of knowledge about life systems on Earth.\nThe Department of Geosciences, recognized by U.S. News and World Report as the number one geology program in the nation, seeks a greater understanding of the formation and evolution of land masses and landscapes and the roles of climate and climate change. The knowledge that is generated can be used to address issues relating to society\u2019s int", "What types of games are offered in the Mostbet Live Casino and what betting options are available", "Hello, I'm a graduate student in molecular pharmacology at the Research\nCenter of Hotel-Dieu de Quebec. I'm currently looking for one or many\nprotocols for In situ PCR. I'm looking for the mRNA for a G-protein coupled\nreceptor that is not really abundant. I want to determine the cell type that\nexpresses the selected gene in rabbit tissu", "Watch free HBO Max episodes\nYou can sample the first episodes of select Max Originals and HBO Originals for free\u2014no subscription, email address, or credit card information is required. Here's how:\n- Open the HBO Max app or go to HBOMax.com on your computer.\n- Find the Watch Free Episodes row.\n- Choose an episode t", "What qualities does the wine characterized in the text possess", "When you picture baseball legend Nolan Ryan, do you see him wearing a Houston Astros uniform or a Texas Rangers uniform? Does he have blood running down his chin or maybe he has a guy in a headlock? Or is he selling Advil? Nolan Ryan has had many faces. And if you were standing at bat, his face generally wasn\u2019t one you wanted to see.\n\u201cFacing Nolan\u201d is the title of a new documentary about Ryan\u2019s life and career. It\u2019s having a one-night theatrical release, playing on May 24.\nBradley Jackson directed the film. He spent his childhood in Houston and told Texas Standard he grew up with the mythology of Nolan Ryan, both from stories from his dad and from watching Ryan on television in the 80s and 90s. Jackson said that in his film about Ryan, he set out to make a love letter to Texas.\n\u201cI\u2019ll always consider myself a Texan,\u201d Jackson said. \u201cAnd getting to make a movie about, in my mind, one of the truest Texans that ever was has been the honor of my life\u2026 Texans are proud defenders of their own. And, you know, no better example of that Nolan Ryan defending the mound.\u201d\nListen to the full interview in the audio player above or read the transcript below.\nThis transcript has been edited lightly for clarity.\nTexas Standard: Nolan Ryan\u2019s wife Ruth plays a prominent role in this film. Is that something you set out to do originally?\nBradley Jackson: Yeah, I don\u2019t think I set out originally to do that. And I think that\u2019s because I didn\u2019t know Ruth Ryan at the time. His son, Reid Ryan, about halfway through the movie said it best. We were talking after a production day and he said, \u2018I think this is a love story wrapped in baseball.\u2019\nBecause when you realize, one, how close Nolan Ryan came to not being Nolan Ryan that we know of. You know, he was about to quit baseball about five years into his career. And then you understand why he didn\u2019t was because he had a partner in his wife who pushed him, who said, \u2018you have a gift. And if you quit right now, you\u2019re depriving", "What motivated the founding team of Prodigy Disc to create their golf discs", "What main lesson about handling holiday traditions did Sharon communicate to the other grandmas", "What ingredients are used to prepare the seafood soup mentioned in the text", "have a stack laying around for fun and easy rainbow crafts like this. Let your kids creativity run wild with the bright colors as they make their own rainbows.\n- End of the Rainbow Paper Plate Twirler || Crafty Morning \u2013 We love twirlers, and these could made as Paper Plate Twirlers too. I can\u2019t wait to give this one a try! Another great way to use that stack of paper plates for your rainbow craft creations! Your rainbow twirler is perfect for decorating your learning space for spring.\n- Handprint Rainbow || A Dab of Glue Will Do \u2013 This sweet hand print rainbow craft is perfect St. Patrick\u2019s day! Your little artist will make a pot of gold and rainbow to display this spring!\n- Drinking Straw Rainbow Necklace || Planning Playtime \u2013 Kids will love making and wearing this fun rainbow necklace. They can make rainbow patterns with the straws, and it\u2019s excellent fine motor practice as well.\n- Rainbow Marble Butterfly Pasta Art || Hello Wonderful \u2013 Spring is right around the corner! Kids that love watching butterflies hatch will really enjoy with rainbow themed activity. This beautiful rainbow butterfly is the perfect art activity for spring. Grab bright colors to make a marbled look!\n- Rainbow Wind Sock Craft || Planning Playtime \u2013 This colorful weather craft is such a fun way to head out and experience wind and how it moves things. Children will love watching the ribbons flutter in the breeze.\n- Rainbow Pony Bead Prism Suncatcher || Rhythms of Play \u2013 I\u2019m in love! This is a simple fine motor activity to add to your rainbow creations. You\u2019ll need a sunny window to hang your creations", "What is the main goal of the company Dopper", "14. Shelf Position: R17:4.\nAre you new to the sport and want to start playing? Easiest way out on the course is to buy a starter set. We have sets for all levels!\nCheck our guide which and choose the right disc in 3 easy steps. Find out about more about different disc classes and flight characteristics", "What are the key features of the LORA missile system and the Polonez MLRS described in the text", "eing that I'm running on WordPress MultiSite Version 3.4.1 and that it's been over a year since the last plugin update, I'm really wondering if this plugin is a good choice for me.", "What are the eligibility criteria for the Tabung Projek Usahawan Bumiputera-i (TPUB-i)", "What particular strategy has the Obama administration adopted regarding citizenship, as mentioned by Edward Snowden", "When you consider chicken legs, do you suppose simply of rooster drumsticks ? A great many people probably do, however strictly talking, the leg of a rooster incorporates each that what is commonly referred to as the drumstick and the thigh As the meat could be quite completely different texturally between the thigh and the drumstick, cooking and serving the leg parts entire can add a bit of variety and additional flavours to any hen meal. The recipes on this web page could all be ready utilizing merely drumsticks and even thighs but when you can source complete rooster leg parts in your native supermarket, it\u2019s possible you\u2019ll need to give a few of these particular ideas a strive.\nThin, crispy slices of pork and a crunchy, zesty salad (made with chickpeas, sliced fennel, celery, purple onion, and a quick lemon dressing) provide an excellent level and counterpoint in this easy supper. And that breaded crust? It\u2019s do-it-yourself\u2014no stale retailer-purchased breadcrumbs right here. After rapidly whipping up your own bread crumbs with entire-wheat sandwich bread, you may coat the thin pork cutlets before tossing them within the oven to bake. That leaves plenty of time to combine up the slaw before the timer dings and dinner\u2019s on the table. I even have seen that the biggest complainers at camp are the ones that lug probably the most pots and pans and dishes as a result of they are never by way of placing it all away or cleaning all of it up.\nMake the packets using heavy duty foil. When foling the dinner packets, allow room for the steam to expand, and use a double fold down the center and a double fold on every end. Fantastic ideas and recipes. I actually have never done any campfire cooking and don\u2019t know how I would fare. I would definitely like to try among the recipes though. Mmmmmm, mmmmmm, mmmmm. I swear I can style this yummy pork loin just from reading your delicious recipe and gazing on the luscious-wanting images. Way to go, Holle. One pot", "Mostbet Casino: Online Game Titles, Live Casino, Bonus Inr 25, 000\nMostbet A Last Variation For Android\nDuring typically the IPL season, typically the live matches within this cricket league have prompt statistical coverage and odds adjustments within secs http://mostbetz.in/. The animated virtual field for the majority of sports events in real-time helps visualize the particular data falling into the statistics.\nRegardless of the particular platform used, the particular level of consumer privacy is higher. The return of part of typically the lost funds becomes possible if certain conditions are fulfilled. The exact quantity of cashback depends on the level of commitment of the participant. When you deposit the first quantity on the signed collection, you have to enter a promotional code to receive an extra bonus. Mostbet Live-casino inside India offers live dealer games many of these as baccarat, black jack, roulette, and the particular popular card game Andar Bahar. One of the very important things to do whenever playing at a live casino is to choose typically the right game.\nFantasy Sports Betting\nMostBet Of india withdrawals can be manufactured through options which includes GPAY, PhonePE, Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ripple, Paytm and Bank Exchange. In particular, the particular World Team Group, which is enjoyed season by time of year. The most popular sports in Indian are traditionally cricket, horse racing, soccer, table tennis, handball and others. Mostbet, considering it is both a new sportsbook and a new casino, offers fantastic bonuses for the two sections. Keep inside mind this checklist is constantly updated and transformed as the interests of Indian betting users succeed. That\u2019s why Mostbet recently added Fortnite matches and Rainbow Six tactical shooter to the betting bar at the particular request of regular consumers.\n- Therefore, in order to use the was the winner amount for any purpose, it is best to utilize for withdrawal five days before you require it.\n- It enables you to show slot machines by genre, popularity among visitors, date of addition to the list or find them by name within the search bar.\n- If you wager cash or simply to plane ticket time, Mostbet attempt a secure in addition to you may risk-free Indian gambling enterprise which is included along with higher suggestions.\n- That means the games can become sorted by the availability of free spins, jackpot, Wheel regarding Fortune, and so on.\nThe minimum deposit amount at Mostbet may vary dependent on the selected method. It strongly recommended to check together with Mostbet\u2019s support regarding the exact lowest deposit amount with regard to a specific approach and in your current region. Mostbet\u2019s personal account opens a separate world of enjoyment and luck for users. An added bonus is given during various promotions that are saved in honor of special attractions.\n\u0421\u043a\u0430\u0447\u0430\u0442\u044c \u041f\u0440\u0438\u043b\u043e\u0436\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0435 \u041c\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0431\u0435\u0442 \u041d\u0430 \u041a\u043e\u043c\u043f\u044c\u044e\u0442\u0435\u0440 \u0418\u043d\u0441\u0442\u0440\u0443\u043a\u0446\u0438\u044f, \u041e\u0431\u0437\u043e\u0440 \u041f\u0440\u043e\u0433\u0440\u0430\u043c\u043c\u044b Mostbet \u041d\u0430 Windows \u041f\u043a\nIn addition, you will have 3 days to be able to multiply the obtained promo money x60 and withdraw your own winnings without any obstacles. However, it should be mentioned that in friendly dealer games, the particular wagering rate is usually only 10%. I would like in order to note a genuinely large line, at night they also add different tir 4 esports tournaments, for me this specific is a large plus.\n- The on line casino is integrated directly into the Mostbet platform, so it will be possible to sign up for there.\n- The Mostbet additional bonuses are an excellent way to increase your balance and create new deposits.\n- But on all some other ways time will be not spent \u2013 the transfer regarding money is made instantly.\n- The maximum winnings due to casino bonus money cannot exceed the x10 mark.\nTraditional gambling games are usually divided into parts Roulette, Cards, in addition to lottery. In the first one, European, French, plus American roulette and their different varieties are represented. The latter section contains collections of numerical lotteries like bingo and keno, simply because well as scratch cards.\nLogin To Your Account\nBeing one regarding the most exciting forms of betting, Mostbet app provides customers by having an opportunity to be able to participate in casino games. This is actually a convenient alternative for users who need to avoid installing the app or even who are utilizing a device that will be not appropriate for typically the app. Mostbet Roulette in India is a popular on the internet casino game of which brings the excitement regarding the roulette steering wheel to players.\nMostbet offers bettors to setup the application for IOS and Android. With typically the app\u2019s help, gambling has become much easier and more easy. Now users are sure not to miss an important in addition to profitable event with regard to them. However, typically the mobile version has several features regarding which it is important to take note.\nPopular Mostbet Casino Games\nYou can get the Mostbet mobile phone application and both place bets plus play online casino games on your mobile device (or only play casino). For security causes, we advise you to download the mobile program only from the official website of typically the company. Although the live dealers talk in English, it\u2019s not an obstacle for me since almost everyone knows English language these days. Plus, presently there are a great deal of different mostbet app free games on the site, in addition to baccarat, black jack, keno, sic bo, and naturally, slot machines. The latter I play frequently, since Mostbet periodically offers away free spins as well as other rewards with regard to playing slots. If you are searching for a fast and easy way to deposit funds, you can always play with PayPal.\n- Therefore, passport and bank credit card photos will have got to be sent by email or even online talk support.\n- You can install typically the application in 1 click, using the website link in the site\u2019s header.\n- Play in opposition to other MostBet consumers in fun in addition to exciting competitions and you also could become walking away with some amazing benefits.\n- The structure of the internet site is also clear, so any user, even a beginner, can easily figure out how to enjoy various most wager app games.\n- The easiest method is to apply the application to log in automatically, or set your browser to be able to remember your qualifications.\nEspecially for valued customers, you will be able to see a variety of bonuses about the platform that can help everyone\u2019s cooperation a lot more profitable. Italian having company De Agostini controls a forty five one percent risk within the company. International Game Technological innovation generated revenues associated with USD four. 69 billion previous 12 months, generating it the biggest sports betting company on the earth. Who would be the biggest sports activities gambling firms upon the planet by simply income as regarding 2022?\nAviator Demo Variation Play Free \u1409 Online Aviator Digital Game\nMostbet Baccarat within India is the popular online card sport that provides a great immersive and exciting gambling experience. In this game, the aim is to predict which usually hand, either the particular Player\u2019s or the particular Banker\u2019s, will have got a total value closest to 9. The game functions real-life dealers, creating a traditional and active atmosphere.\n- In this game, the objective is to predict which usually hand, either the particular Player\u2019s or the particular Banker\u2019s, will possess a total worth closest to nine.\n- Join Mostbet", "What was surprising about the roles of Kyle and Jackie O during their conversation about risqu\u00e9 topics", "What positions or affiliations are indicated in the text for the person seeking information", "What is the easiest way for someone new to start playing the sport according to the text", "rolina, we now understand why this mountain community earned its name of Blowing Rock.\nNestled in the Blue Ridge mountains, overlooking Grandfather Mountain, Westglow Resort & Spa is an intimate luxury Relais & Chateaux property. Once home to the artist Elliott Dangerfield, this Greek Revival Mansion and seven room resort feels more like a private family mountain retreat than a hotel. Of course, that might be due in part to its current owners, Bonnie and Jamie Schaefer, who are very hands-on and their presence and touches are felt in everything from the personal photographs hanging prominently over the bar in the library to \u201cBonnie\u2019s Tomato Salad\u201d on the menu at the property\u2019s restaurant, Rowland\u2019s, that is named for her father. The executive chef tells us Bonnie tests everything on the menu and even visits the Farmers\u2019 Market on Saturday mornings, returning with some of the produce that will be used throughout the week, particularly the gorgeous heirloom tomatoes.\nFrom the public rooms with some of the original furnishings and artwork of the home, to the incredibly attentive staff, Westglow offers a casual mountain experience that is beautifully blended with upscale service and amenities. Retiring to your room to find luxurious linens and bedding with Aqua Parma toiletries is a welcome respite from a day spent touring the charming mountain town of Blowing Rock or any number of outdoor activities offered in the region, such as hiking, fly fishing, canoeing, or playing tennis at the resort.", "What are the typical opening hours for the establishment mentioned in the text", "Which two starters did the Steelers lose to injury after their recent defeat", "\"Tailored Periodontal Care: Embracing a New Era of Gum Health at Home\"\nWelcome to our extraordinary periodontal care treatment, specifically designed for patients who have been diagnosed with gum disease (periodontal disease). These tailored appointments are recommended following an initial hygienist visit where the presence of gum disease has been detected, ensuring a proactive approach to your oral well-being.\nThroughout this transformative appointment, we devote our expertise to targeting and treating the areas of your mouth affected by gum disease. To ensure your utmost comfort, we may employ local anesthesia to numb the specific area, allowing for a more comfortable treatment experience. With great precision and care, each periodontal pocket is meticulously cleaned using a combination of cutting-edge mechanical instruments and skilled hand instrumentation. Our paramount objective is to achieve a thorough and comprehensive cleaning, leaving behind smooth tooth and root surfaces that pave the way for optimal gum healing.\nThe extent of your gum disease will determine the number of appointments required to effectively address your condition. During this appointment, we will have an in-depth discussion with you, providing complete transparency and ensuring you are fully informed about the anticipated number of appointments necessary to achi", "first person he\u2019d slept with (because Kyle is always curious about people\u2019s numbers).\nWith the sexual conversation already in the air, this led to the topic of fantasies and what people might picture when they\u2019re, ya know, getting busy\u2026\nAnd well, Jackie admitted something rather personal about the sort of places that her imagination goes during this time. Apparently, Jackie like\u2019s to imagine herself as the GUY in the situation\u2026parts and all.\n\u201cI don\u2019t know is this normal or am I alone?\u201d asked a slightly embarrassed Jackie.\nBut what was even more shocking than that admission was the way in which KYLE fits into this fantasy equation\u2026Watch the video above to find just what Jackie said", "Reposted from Radical Mentoring\nA lot of us work somewhere that\u2019s not \u2018headquarters.\u2019 Not \u2018corporate.\u2019 Not \u2018the home office.\u2019 That was me once. When the orders were handed down to us in the field, they sometimes seemed dumb. Out of touch with the real-world situation on the ground. I\u2019d say, \u201cWhat are they thinking up in the ivory tower?\u201d\nThen it happened.\nI was promoted and transferred to corporate. One of my first tasks was complicated with all kinds of HR and union concerns . . . things I had no knowledge of a few weeks earlier. When the new instructions went out to the field, my phone lit up. \u201cRegi, what are you thinking?\u201d \u201cIt sure didn\u2019t take you long to forget what it\u2019s like out here.\u201d \u201cYou\u2019re just like the rest of them . . . out of touch and totally insensitive to the headaches you\u2019re creating for us out here!\u201d\nMy boss picked up on it. He t", "Lydiah asks Jamila of College Curlies;\nI recently did my BC (last Friday) and I have realized that I don\u2019t have too many options with protective styling. My twists look funky because hair is so little right now. The twist out next morning is SUPER but I don\u2019t know what to do when I want to give my hair a break from staying out. What protective styles are there for TWAs (excluding braiding with extensions)?\nFor shorter hair, the best protective styles are going to be Low-Manipulation. These are styles that do expose the ends to some degree, but are protective in that they require no heat and drastically cut down on manipulation (via combing/handling the hair).\nIf you can rock a twist out, do so\u2026then leave it alone! Moisturize properly in between styling sessions, but don\u2019", "What is the purpose of constructing the new Interstate 70 Missouri River bridges near Rocheport", "taste it during an aperitif dinner for its fresh fruit aromas, or wait another 3 years for it to reveal all its structure and aromatic complexity.\nIdeal with sweet/salty dishes and sheep's milk cheeses.", "photos of unmade beds, blurred bathrooms and dark kitchens is not the way to sell it. Well, whoever takes the photos at Dioni needs patting on the back, because they know how important it is to take a good photo. -First impressions count!\nAfter selecting my dates and checking the all important \u201cpet friendly\u201d box I was spoilt for choice. They all looked gorgeous, welcoming cottages and houses. All immaculately presented, enticing you to come and stay in them.\nI eventually narrowed it down to 2 cottages near to the coast just outside Snowdonia National Park. The one that won is a lovely 2 bedroom stone cottage within walking distance of the great sandy beaches between Shell Island and Barmouth, there is a local pub, a little post office and a Spar with a butchers inside. I\u2019ve visited this area many times since I was little, but usually we are camping and I haven\u2019t really explored the area except for what is along the main road between Harlech & Barmouth. So we are looking forward to a week away exploring the area in more detail and finding lots of dog friendly places to visit. So far on the list are the dog friendly Llanfair slate caverns, Harlech Castle & we might even venture down to Devils Bridge.\nWe are always looking for dog friendly places to visit, so if you know of somewhere, then give us a shout and we will do our best to visit and give a review!\nSo, all I have to do now is count down the weeks until we can go away and stay in our gorgeous little Dioni cottage for a week. But in the meantime, I can get looking for our next break \u2013 where shall we stay next? May well be another Dioni cottage because every one looks stunning", "What do you need to do in order to watch HBO Max content", "What obligations must landlords and tenants fulfill before eviction proceedings due to rental arrears can begin", "ook me aside and taught me something I\u2019ve never forgotten. He said, \u201cThere\u2019s always something you don\u2019t know.\u201d In a lower-level job or a remote position, there are things people \u2018upstairs\u2019 know that you don\u2019t. We never have the whole picture.\nThis same principle applies in everyday relationships. When your wife comes home acting cross and impatient, there\u2019s something you don\u2019t know. When someone races past then cuts you off in traffic, there\u2019s something you don\u2019t know. When your teammate turns critical and negative, there\u2019s something you don\u2019t know.\nAnd when God doesn\u2019t cause or allow things to work out the way you want them to, there\u2019s something you don\u2019t know. A lot of what we don\u2019t know will never be known until we\u2019re there with God in the next life.\nLean into what you do know. God is good, and God loves you. That\u2019s really all you need to know", "It is characterized by a beautiful structure and a pretty freshness.\nThe harmony that emerges from our wine will delight all lovers of young wines. Selected for the hatchet guide 2016.\nYou can start to", "The course will be one full day 9.30 am to 4.30 pm\nYou will learn about how to import data, wrangle data and produce and export graphs.\nPre-requisites: Assumes no prior experience with R. However, pre-installation of key software is essential. Further details on how to complete this will be sent to you on registration.\nAbout the course: An Introduction to R workshop covering R/RStudio, manipulation of data (dplyr), creating charts (ggplot2) and reports (R Markdown). This is a great opportunity for anyone who is interested in data analysis using Excel, SQL, Access or uses statistical programmes l", "What issues are mentioned regarding W3 Total Cache on a WordPress MultiSite install", "n be used in After Effects.\nThen I'll show how I created the glass warping effects used to simulate a 3d glass wraparound visor, and also put some water droplets onto the outside of the glass.\nEnvato Tuts+ tutorials are translated into other languages by our community members\u2014you can be involved too!Translate this post", "ike SPSS to get started with R and R Studio.\nThis workshop is currently fully booked, please complete this form if you would like to be notified if a place becomes available or to be notified when further dates are scheduled.\nPlease note: This course is limited to NHS employees and those who work in UK public sector organisations such as PHE, local councils and DHSC.\nPlease register with your organisation email, so we can verify your eligibility to attend. We will not be able to accept any registrations from personal emails.\nFor further information, please contact: firstname.lastname@example.org", "What are some historical uses of Aloe vera noted in cultures around the world", "What attributes contribute to Suitsupply's pioneering spirit and international growth", "the world of your gift.\u2019 So to me, when I learned that fact, it changed the movie that I wanted to make.\nRyan has more than 50 Major League Baseball records under his belt. Why did he almost quit? Did you sense that he had a certain degree of self-doubt?\nI think so. But I also think that you got to understand that nobody was expecting anything of Nolan Ryan. It\u2019s not like kids today where, you know, if you\u2019re throwing 90-plus miles an hour today and somebody sees you, they\u2019ll give you a $100,000 contract on the spot. Doesn\u2019t matter if you can throw the ball over the plate. Nolan was from a tiny town nobody heard of. He never had a pitching coach, and he just could throw hard. And I just think people, you know, baseball, the economics and the scouting of baseball was so different back then\u2026\nNobody expected Nolan Ryan to play beyond a couple of years. Nobody expected him to do much of anything because that\u2019s not the way baseball was treated back then. And he didn\u2019t even have a real pitching coach, a real pitching coach until he went to the California Angels, which is even crazier\u2026\nAnd finally he got a proper coach who actually watched him and observed him and fixed him. And then once they fixed him, it was game over. That\u2019s when he started throwing, you know, he threw for no-hitters in about four years, which is just insane.\nYour documentary features George Brett, Rod Carew, Dave Winfield, Bobby Valentine, and former President George W. Bush? How did you go about getting these folks \u2013 and a former president to talk to you?\nThat was as simple as the Ryan family making a couple of phone calls. We had the support of the family. And when you say the name Nolan Ryan, a lot of people say, \u2018okay, where do I show up?\u2019 Because people want to talk about him. Because, you know, it is one of those like tall tales that, you know, if a screenwriter sat down to write Nolan Ryan\u2019s story without him actually being in existence, I don\u2019t think you would believe it.", "For the most up-to-date information on the latest developments on commercial, retail and industrial tenancies during COVID-19, watch our free COVID-19 Tenancy Relief Update webcast.\nCommercial, retail and industrial tenancies:\nCode of Conduct\nWe now have an endorsed overall National plan with respect to the \u2018National Cabinet Mandatory Code of Conduct \u2013 SME Commercial Leasing Principles During COVID-19\u2019 (Code), but are waiting on announcements from the States/Territories as they take steps to legislate to reflect the principles of the Code.\nIn a press conference on Monday 13 April, Victorian Premier Daniel Andrews alluded to the Victorian Government being in the course of preparation of rent-relief measures, which he did not elaborate on but said will be announced \u2018soon.\u2019\nIn the meantime, the New South Wales government is the first to table its plan, announcing on Monday 13 April that it is in the process of implementing the principles expressed under the Code for small to medium business and not-for-profit (SME) commercial and retail tenancies. The NSW Treasurer, The Honourable Dominic Perrottet MP, said that:\n- the definitions and principles under the Code will be implemented in NSW by a regulation which is yet to be finalised and legislated;\n- the regulation will be applicable to SME retail, industrial and general commercial leases;\n- the regulation will incorporate the Code\u2019s principle of proportionality, requiring landlords to provide tenants with rent relief proportionate to their reduction in turnover;\n- the regulation will include a ban on termination of a tenancy for non-payment of rent, and a freeze on rent increases;\n- the dispute resolution process under the Code will be overseen by the Office of the Small Business Commissioner, which will receive a $10 million increase in funding, together with additional staff.\nNew South Wales is the first, and thus far only, State to announce a residential tenancy package, with Mr Perrottet also declaring that a further $220 million package will be provided to support both landlords and tenants in residential tenancies.\nThe plan will apply to residential tenancies where a tenant has", "What types of benefits do the rainbow crafts listed for preschool provide for children", "Why did Nolan Ryan almost quit baseball, and what factors contributed to people not expecting much from him", "sure Soldiers execute tasks to standard.\nTabung Projek Usahawan Bumiputera-i (TPUB-i) | Credit ...\nEligibility Criteria. Applicant must be a Bumiputera enterprise fully owned (100%) by Bumiputera; Applicant must have a project / contract from government, government bodies and agencies, statutory bodies, government owned companies and private companies with Net Shareholders\u2019 Fund more than RM20.0 mil and the company has been in operation more than three (3) years without losses recorded ...\nInfo!Website Keyword Suggestions to determine the theme of your website and provides keyword suggestions along with keyword traffic estimates. Find thousands of relevant and popular keywords in a instant that are related to your selected keyword with this keyword generato", "What has Edward Snowden written in his communiqu\u00e9 regarding President Obama's actions and attempts to get him back in the U.S."]}