{"q_indices": [63, 92, 83, 29, 86, 41, 102, 75, 56, 66, 40, 107, 31, 123, 7, 126, 21, 38, 59, 106, 24, 43, 61, 124, 113, 12, 91, 72, 74, 4, 51, 11, 37, 54, 121, 118, 32, 3, 67, 39, 36, 95, 19, 98, 10, 71, 57, 87, 109, 73, 79, 35, 34, 94, 45, 46, 89, 68, 100, 18, 6, 0, 8, 55], "a_indices": [93, 47, 27, 53, 9, 76, 116, 64, 108, 30, 101, 23, 115, 88, 2, 78, 15, 13, 70, 5, 110, 127, 120, 103, 33, 58, 17, 44, 48, 112, 117, 99, 22, 125, 49, 16, 90, 80, 25, 1, 84, 104, 119, 85, 52, 114, 96, 81, 42, 111, 60, 28, 105, 14, 82, 122, 50, 77, 20, 62, 26, 69, 65, 97], "texts": ["What personal health information can you access and request amendments for as a member", "m. Plus, it\u2019s simply never a good idea to cut corners on something designed to keep you safe. Here at Toyota Chula Vista, we only use Genuine Toyota Parts, so you know that when we replace parts on your Toyota we\u2019re doing it with the same supplies the manufacturer intended to be used.\nWhy Buy New Parts from Our Chula Vista Toyota Dealership\nOur quality Genuine Toyota products are a big reason to get new parts from our Chula Vista Toyota dealership, but they aren\u2019t the only reason. At Toyota Chula Vista, we know that it can seem like a hassle to have to replace your car parts from time to time, so we strive to make it as easy, quick, and convenient as possible. We allow you to order parts right on our website\u2014simply fill out a short form describing what you need, and a staff member from our Toyota dealership serving National City will be in touch with you as soon as possible. Plus, we also offer frequent parts specials, to help you get the very best deal possible!\nSo, when it\u2019s time to replace the parts on our Toyota vehicle, don\u2019t delay. Simple contact Toyota Chula Vista, conveniently located at 650 Main Street in Chula Vista, and we\u2019ll have your car running back at tip top shape in no time. Our staff is standing by\u2014we look forward to your visit", "Considering Saudi Arabia\u2019s concern over Iran\u2019s ascendancy, Israel is presented with a unique opportunity to dictate terms of engagement to the kingdom. Israel should be reticent in its overtures.\nEurope, reeling from successive waves of refugees and migrants, desperately needs the end of the Syrian civil war, which for the first time seems in the offing. But the emerging peace will only increase the emigration.\nThe Islamic State has started a fashion trend among Middle East jihadists; beheading is rapidly becoming the murder method of choice.\nTo date, all the Bedouins\u2019 legal land ownership claims that reached the courts have failed.\nWestern countries ignore the rights of Iranians to live in freedom like the citizens of the West.\nWhat is the cause of the Shi'ite-Sunni conflict?\nLately, the pro-Western coalition has begun to crumble, and two key countries - Saudi Arabia and Egypt - are searching for a new political crutch.\nThis past month several dozens of jihad organizations operating in Syria came to the conclusion that the disagreements among them harm their fighting cause and strengthen Asad.\nNetanyahu's Bar Ilan Speech was not an attempt to emulate Obama by spreading false hope of an agreement with the Iranians.\nIsrael has not really convinced the world that Iran is a danger.\nAl-Jazeera again appears to be promoting Islamic violence these days, in Egypt and in Israel.\nToday's anti-democratic glue is apparently better than the glue of Slavic identity that formed the \"Warsaw Pact\" because it is a world view and a cultural perspective.\nIf chemical weapons had not been used, Damascus would have been overcome by the rebels.\nGeneral al-Sisi and is not about to give in to American pressure regarding the Muslim Brotherhood.\nPost-Mursi Egypt accuses Hamas of responsibility for the terrorist chaos in Sinai, and not without good cause.\nIn Lebanon there is a rare opp", "How long was the duration spent working with Photoshop", "What changes has Valve implemented to enhance the popularity and support for CS:GO as a major eSport", "now on Ground, Snow Climb|\n| Gear Used:||Ice Axe, Crampons, Hut Camp|\n| Weather:||Cold, Very Windy, Overcast|\nThis page has been served 85 times since 2005-01-15.\nQuestions/Comments/Corrections? See the Contact Page\nCopyright \u00a9 1987-2014 by Peakbagger.com. All Rights Reserved", "Under what circumstances can personal health information be disclosed without consent", "What are the ongoing issues affecting the pro-Western coalition in Saudi Arabia and Egypt", "What notable impact has Studio Ghibli had since its inception in 1985", "I have absolutely fallen in love with simple embroidery projects. This adorable hot air ballon hoop art project is another free pattern by Bev at Flamingo Toes. If you aren\u2019t following her, you need to start! She does crochet, needle art, crafts, and her stuff is adorable. All of her projects are my favorite (yep, this is possible). This Hot Air Balloon Hoop Art turned out so awesome, and just like the Vintage Camper Hoop Art, it comes together quickly and easily. It\u2019s absolutely perfect for beginners. This was my third-ever embroidery project, so you know I am telling the truth that it is super easy.\nThe look for this hot air balloon hoop art is achieved by using iron-on webbing. This easily and quickly attaches the fabric pieces together before you begin embroidering, so it\u2019s very easy. I used the back stitch for all t", "What positions has Adam Wood recently been appointed to at Peugeot in the UK", "What features did the battle system of the discussed game include for character control and AI scripting", "What should one consider regarding appeals during a trust lawsuit", "abad in November 2005 when they were forcibly off-loaded from the bus by a team of the Gujarat police soon after the vehicle crossed the AP border.\nThe Gujarat police team had trailed the bus all the way from Hyderabad.\nThere were reports that the AP police had assisted the Gujarat ATS team that had abducted Sohrabuddin, Kausar Bi and another person.\nHowever, AP Director-General of Police M A Basith has refuted these reports", "8 p.m. at Ryan\nFuneral Home, 12819 Spotswood Trail, Ruckersville,\nA funeral service will be held on Friday,\nDecember 31, 2010 at 11 a.m. at Stanardsville United\nMethodist Church with the Rev. Catharine Guest\nInterment will follow in Holly Memorial Gardens.\nPallbearers will be Oliver Morris, Bobby\nShifflett, Steve Branham, Larry Snow, Martin Mooney,\nand Kenny Shifflett. Honorary Pallbearers will be\nLebert Deane, Melvin Shifflett, Floyd Snow, George\nLamb, Wayne Yates and Gary Sims.\nThe family would like to thank Martha Jefferson\nHospital Cancer Center, Dr. Gordon Morris and his\nstaff and Hospice of the Piedmont for their\nIn lieu of flowers contributions may be made in\nhis name to American Cancer Society,\n1445 Rio Rd E Ste 104 Charlottesville, VA\nHospice of the Piedmont, 675 Peter Jefferson Way,\nSuite 300 Charlottesville, VA 22911 and/or\nStanardsville United Methodist Church, PO Box 740\nStanardsville, VA 22973.\nRyan Funeral Home of Ruckersville is handling the", "Gujarat CID IGP Geeta Johri, who is inquiring into the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case, arrived in Hyderabad from Ahmedabad on Wednesday.\n\"No comments. I have come here to clarify certain things. There are no specific names,\" she told mediapersons who had gathered at the Hyderabad airport on Wednesday night.\nIt may be recalled that Sohrabuddin, his wife Kausar Bi and another person had boarded a private bus from Hyder", "\u00e9d\u00e9ration Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), the sport\u2019s global governing body uses the official domain: www.fifa.com. Threat analysts have recently identified several domain squatting efforts using the following registered domains: fifa.com.co fifa-rules.25u.com fifaregionalprojects.org fifa2015fifa.publicvm.com The domain fifa-rules.25u.com has been previously identified as being associated with the Turla Advanced Persistent Threat reported on by the researchers at [\u2026]\nLast year, the US Department of Justice indicted several of Fifa\u2019s top executives for corruption allegations. The organization was being investigated for wire fraud and money laundering over the past 24 years. In an article written for The Guardian, registered FA intermediary Jonathan Booker, argued that the corruption has not stopped. Booker states that corruption [\u2026", "This page provides balanced, evidence-based information about infants and fluoride ingestion. It has been prepared by the Department of Health and Human Services in collaboration with the Department of Dentistry at the Royal Children\u2019s Hospital, the Office for Children at the Department of Education and Early Childhood Development, Dental Health Services Victoria, Melbourne Dental School at the University of Melbourne and the Australian Dental Association Victorian Branch Inc.\nDental fluorosis and infant feeding\nIn 2006, the Australian Research Centre for Population Oral Health (ARCPOH) developed Australian fluoride guidelines with experts from universities, health departments and health organisations. One of the guidelines states \u2018infant formula nowadays is safe for consumption by infants when reconstituted using fluoridated or non-fluoridated water\u2019. These guidelines were reviewed at a consensus workshop in August 2012 using the latest evidence and amended accordingly.\nDental fluorosis in Australia has decreased significantly since 1990 (1, 2, 3). This is mainly due to the use of low-fluoride toothpastes for young children and greater awareness of correct toothpaste use for children (4). In Australia, if dental fluorosis does occur, it is usually very mild or mild (5).\nFigures 1 and 2 show cases of mild dental fluorosis (pictures provided by Dr Wendell Evans and Dr Ikreet Bal, the University of Sydney).\nFigure 1: Very mild dental fluorosis along the lower edge of the upper front teeth\nFigure 2: Mild dental fluorosis predominantly on the upper and outer thirds of the upper front teeth\nBreastfeeding is the preferred way to feed infants and provides perfect nutrition to match an infant\u2019s needs. It helps protect against infection and other illnesses (6). Although breastfeeding is the best feeding choice for babies, infant formula is an alternative when breastfeeding is not an option (7).\nStudies show that there is no increased risk of dental fluorosis if infants are given infant formula, regardless of whether the water used to reconstitute the formula is fluoridated (2, 3).\nMinimising dental fluorosis\nUnless otherwised advised by a health professional, minimise dental fluorosis by (1):\n- discouraging children from swallowing toothpaste\n- before they are 18 months old, cleaning children\u2019s teeth with water and no toothpaste\n- between the ages of 18 months and 5 years (inclusive), using only a pea-sized amount of low-fluoride children\u2019s toothpaste smeared across the toothbrush\n- not using fluoride drops or tablets\n- only using fluoride mouth rinses with children 6 years or older.\nPermanent tooth development\nPermanent teeth develop in the jaw bones before coming into the mouth. This usually starts at the age of around 3 or 4 months, but can occur earlier or later.\nMost children develop their front teeth in the first year of life.\nDental decay is a tooth disease caused by acid-producing mouth bacteria. Dental decay is Australia\u2019s most prevalent health problem and is the second-most costly diet-related disease in Australia, with an economic impact comparable to heart disease and diabetes (8).\nDental decay can be painful and expensive to treat. Across Victoria in 2013\u201314, more than 4,400 children under the age of 10 needed a general anaesthetic to treat their dental decay.\nFigures 3 and 4 show cases of dental decay in baby and adult teeth.\nFigure 3: Significant dental decay in baby teeth\nFigure 4: Dental decay in adult teeth\nNational Health and Medical Research Council\nIn 2006, the National", "Who are some of the influential scientists that Abraham mentions as his mentors during his undergraduate studies", "What time is the season opener for the Liberty women's lacrosse team against St. Francis", "March 11, 2017 | Volunteer & Awards\nPassionate about understanding our world\nJosh Abraham wins the Adel S. Sedra Distinguished Graduate Award\nScience is about so many things \u2013 the power of curiosity, the thirst for knowledge, the creativity that improves our world. For Karan (Joshua) Abraham (BSc 2011 TRIN), a student in the MD-PhD program at the Faculty of Medicine who is pursuing his doctorate in the Department of Laboratory Medicine and Pathobiology, science is not just all these things, but also about sharing the wonder of discovery with the scientists of the future.\nFor his intriguing discoveries in cell biology, as well as his outstanding efforts to mentor young science students and pass on his passion for research, Abraham is the 2017 recipient of the Adel S. Sedra Distinguished Graduate Award. The award recognizes excellence and leadership at the graduate level and grants the winner a fellowship of up to $25,000.\nAbraham\u2019s research on molecular mechanisms in yeast and human cells is aimed at helping us understand the basic biology of aging and longevity. In several published papers, including works in highly regarded journals such as Nucleic Acids Research and Nature Communications, Abraham has presented his findings on molecular structures called DNA-RNA hybrids, which are a common byproduct of our genes but which can also be damaging to DNA, and therefore toxic to cells.\nLooking at a mechanism called \u201cR-loop suppression,\u201d Abraham has discovered a way to stop the structures from forming \u2013 research which is already providing new insight into how amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) comes about, and may even show a completely novel way to treat diseases associated with pathological build-ups of these molecules. With his supervisor, Karim Mekhail, Canada Research Chair in Spatial Genome Organization, and several partners, he is already working on commercializing his discoveries.\nAbraham\u2019s professors are impressed. His publication output (five peer-reviewed articles published and several more submitted or under review) is at an extraordinary level for this area of research, they say. They have praised his creativity, experimental design, strategic thinking and ability to identify unresolved problems.\nBut Abraham doesn\u2019t stop with publishing his discoveries. Himself the beneficiary of mentorship, he\u2019s taken a leadership role in sharing his passion for science. Coming to Canada from India at age 19 as an international student, he explains, finding mentors was vital in adapting to a new country as well as to achieving research success.\n\u201cFindin", "Who arrived in Hyderabad to inquire into the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case", "Displaying Gallery of Outdoor Wall Light Glass (3 of 10)\nNordic American Country Outdoor Balcony Bedroom Restaurant Creative With Outdoor Wall Light Glass\nOutdoor wall light glass absolutely could make the house has fun look. First of all which is performed by homeowners if they want to design their home is by determining design ideas which they will use for the interior. Theme is such the basic thing in interior decorating. The design will determine how the interior will look like, the design and style also give influence for the appearance of the interior. Therefore in choosing the ideas, homeowners absolutely have to be really selective. To help it effective, positioning the wall lighting units in the right place, also make the right paint and combination for your decoration.\nWe realized that outdoor wall light glass can be fun ideas for people that have planned to customize their wall lighting, this decor style might be the ideal advice for your wall lighting. There will generally various style about wall lighting and house decorating, it perhaps tough to always enhance your wall lighting to follow the most recent themes or styles. It is just like in a life where home decor is the subject to fashion and style with the latest trend so your interior will soon be always innovative and stylish. It becomes a simple design trend that you can use to complement the fun of your house.\nTo be sure that the color of outdoor wall light glass really affect the whole interior including the wall, decor style and furniture sets, so prepare your strategic plan about it. You can use a variety of color choosing which provide the brighter colour like off-white and beige colour schemes. Combine the bright paint of the wall with the colorful furniture for gaining the harmony in your room. You can use the certain colors choosing for giving the decor of each room in your interior. All the paint colors will give the separating area of your home. The combination of vari", "me. This could include professional product photos, engaging product descriptions, and even sample copies for review. By providing these materials upfront, you increase the chances of getting your game on their shelves or listed in their online stores.\nBuilding Relationships With Distributors\nFor larger-scale distribution, consider building relationships with distributors who can help get your board game into a wide range of retail outlets. Distributors often have established connections with retailers across the country or even internationally, making them valuable partners in expanding the reach of your game. By offering attractive wholesale terms and marketing support, you can entice distributors to take on your board game and help it reach a wider audience.\nBy utilizing these retail and distribution strategies for board games, you can effectively increase the visibility and availability of your game in both physical stores and online marketplaces. Recognizing the importance of understanding retail channels, creating compelling marketing materials, and building relationships with distributors will set you on the path to success in this aspect of marketing strategies for board games.\nBooth Design and Presentation\nWhen it comes to event marketing at board game conventions and expos, the visual appeal of your booth is crucial in grabbing the attention of attendees. Consider investing in an eye-catching display that showcases your board game in action. Interactive demos, attractive banners, and free samples can also entice passersby to stop at your booth. Additionally, make sure your booth staff are knowledgeable about the game and can effectively communicate its unique selling points to potential customers.\nHost Tournaments and Demonstrations\nOne effective way to engage with event attendees is by hosting tournaments or demonstrations of your board game. This not only allows people to experience the gameplay firsthand but also creates a sense of excitement and competition around your product. Offer prizes for tournament winners to incentivize participation and attract more traffic to your booth. By creating a memorable experience for attendees, you increase the likelihood of them becoming future customers or recommending your game to others.\nNetworking With Industry Professionals\nIn addition to engaging with potential customers, board game conventions and expos provide valuable opportunities for networking with industry professionals. Whether it\u2019s connecting with distributors, retailers, or other game designers, building these relationships can open doors for future collaborations or partnerships.\nLook for networking events or industry panels where you can interact with key players in the board gaming community and discuss potential marketing strategies for board games. These connections can help expand the reach of your game beyond the event itself.\nEmail marketing is a crucial component of any marketing strategy for board games, as it allows you to directly reach and engage with your target audience. Building a database of board game enthusiasts who are interested in your game can be highly beneficial in the long run. By regularly sending out email newsletters, updates, and promotions, you can keep your audience informed and excited about your game.\nOne effective email marketing strategy for board games is to offer exclusive content or sneak peeks to subscribers. This could include behind-the-scenes looks at the game development process, special discounts on pre-orders, or even printable resources related to the game. By providing value through these emails, you can keep subscribers engaged and build anticipation for the release of your board game.\nFurthermore, segmenting your email list based on different criteria such as purchasing behavior, interests, or geographic location can allow for more personalized and targeted email campaigns. For example, you can send specific content or offers to those who have expressed interest in strategy games versus those who prefer party games. Personalization can significantly improve engagement and conversion rates in your email marketing efforts for board games.\nIn addition to promoting your board game through email newsletters, it\u2019s also important to use this channel as a way to gather feedback from your audience. Surveys or polls included in emails can help you gather valuable insights about what players enjoy about your game or what improvements they\u2019d like to see. This direct line of communication with your audience can inform future game development and marketing strategies for board games.\nMetrics and Analytics\nWhen it comes to marketing strategies for board games, it is crucial to measure the success of your efforts in order to make informed decisions for future campaigns. By utilizing metrics and analytics, you can gain valuable insights into the effectiveness of your marketing initiatives and adjust your approach accordingly. Here are some key metrics to consider when evaluating the impact of your board game marketing strategies:\n- Sales Figures: Tracking the number of units sold and revenue generated from your board game can provide a clear indication of how well your marketing strategies are driving actual purchases.\n- Website Traffic and Engagement: Analyzing website traffic, bounce rates, and user engagement metrics can help you understand how effective your online marketing efforts are in driving interest and interaction with your board game.\n- Social Media Performance: Monitoring key performance indicators on social media platforms such as reach, engagement, and click-through rates can reveal how well your social media marketing strategies are resonating with your target audience.\nIn addition to these metrics, leveraging analytics tools such as Google Analytics, social media insights, and email marketing platforms can provide a wealth of data to inform your decision-making process. By regularly reviewing these metrics and identifying trends, strengths, and areas for improvement, you can optimize your marketing strategies for continued success in promoting your board game.\nIt\u2019s important to keep in mind that while these numbers are valuable indicators of performance, they should be viewed in conjunction with qualitative feedback from players and community members. The combination of quantitative data from metrics and qualitative insights from player feedback can provide a comprehensive understanding of how well your marketing strategies are resonating with the target audience.\nIn conclusion, the future of board game marketing is continually evolving as the popularity of board games continues to grow. As more and more people are drawn to the social and interactive nature of these games, there is a great opportunity for board game creators and publishers to capitalize on this trend. By understanding the demographics and preferences of their target audience, board game companies can tailor their marketing strategies to effectively reach potential customers.\nOne key takeaway for success in marketing board games is the importance of creating a unique selling proposition. What sets your board game apart from the rest? Highlighting this unique aspect can help you stand out in a crowded market. Additionally, leveraging social media marketing and engaging with board game communities online can help build brand awareness and loyalty among enthusiasts.\nFurthermore, event marketing at board game conventions and expos provides an excellent opportunity to maximize exposure and connect with potential customers face-to-face. Building a database of board game enthusiasts through email marketing can also be a valuable tool for keeping them informed about new releases, events, and promotions.\nBy utilizing these various marketing strategies for board games, companies can measure their success through metrics and analytics to continuously refine their approach in reaching their target audience. Ultimately, by stayin", "What measures are in place to promote a smoke-free environment in the community", "Maintain Your New Toyota with Car Parts from Toyota Chula Vista\nYou know that when it comes to finding a new Toyota near San Diego, Toyota Chula Vista is your trusted dealership, where our expert staff will answer all your questions in a no-pressure, hassle-free environment. But did you know that we\u2019re here to serve you long after you\u2019ve driven your brand new Toyota, like the 2015 Toyota Camry, off our lot? That\u2019s right, in addition to our extensive lot of new and used Toyota cars, trucks, and SUVs, we also have a top-notch parts and service department to make sure your investment is running in tip top shape years after your purchase. Even the most reliable models need new parts from time to time, and that\u2019s when it\u2019s time to get some new parts from Toyota Chula Vista!\nNew Parts to Consider\nSome of the most common parts we suggest that our customers replace regularly are their brake pads, tires, and windshield wipers. And the answer for that is simple\u2014they\u2019re all essential parts for keeping you safe when you\u2019re behind the wheel! Speaking of which, to always suggest that you use quality parts when maintaining your vehicle. Sure, those knockoff parts may save you a few bucks up front, but they usually don\u2019t last as long and will cost more long ter", "Except as outlined below, we will not use or disclose your personal health information for any purpose unless you have signed a form authorizing the use or disclosure. You have the right to revoke that authorization in writing unless we have taken any action in reliance on the authorization.\nDisclosures for Treatment\nWe will make disclosures of your personal health information as necessary for your treatment. For instance, a doctor or health facility involved in your care may request some of your personal health information that we hold in order to make decisions about your care.\nUses and Disclosures for Payment\nWe will make uses and disclosures of your personal health information as necessary for payment purposes. For instance, we may use information regarding your medical procedures and treatment to process and arrange for the payment of medical bills, to determine whether services are medically appropriate or to otherwise pre-authorize or certify services as eligible to be shared under the Membership Guidelines. We may also forward such information to another health plan that may also have an obligation to process and pay expenses on your behalf.\nUses and Disclosures for Health Care Operations\nWe will use and disclose your personal health information as necessary for our health care operations which include peer review, business management, accreditation and licensing, utilization review and management, quality improvement and assurance, enrollment, voluntary disclosure of health conditions, compliance, auditing, and other functions related to your health care management. We may also disclose your personal health information to another health care facility, health care professional, or health plan for such things as quality assurance and case management, but only if that facility, professional, or plan also has or had a patient relationship with you.\nFamily and Friends Involved In Your Care\nWith your approval, we may from time to time disclose your personal health information to designated family, friends, and others who are involved in your care or in payment for your care in order to facilitate that person\u2019s involvement in caring for you or paying for your care. If you are unavailable, incapacitated, or facing an emergency medical situation and we determine that a limited disclosure may be in your best interest, we may share limited personal health information with such individuals without your approval. We may also disclose limited personal health information to a public or private entity that is authorized to assist in disaster relief efforts in order for that entity to locate a family member or other persons that may be involved in some aspect of caring for you.\nCertain aspects and components of our services are performed through contracts with outside persons or organizations, such as corporate leadership and oversight, operations, legal services, Utilization Management Services, Preferred Provider Organizations, Pharmacy Benefit Managers, claims adjudication systems, etc. At times it may be necessary for us to provide some of your personal health information to one or more of these outside persons or organizations who assist us with our health care operations. In all cases, we require these business associates to appropriately safeguard the privacy of your information.\nCommunicating With Members\nWe may communicate with you regarding your medical expenses, contribution amounts, or other things connected with your health care. In the event you could be endangered if all or part of the information being sent to you is viewed by another person, you have the right to request and we will accommodate reasonable requests by you to receive communications regarding your personal health information from us by alternative means or at alternative locations. For instance, if you wish messages to not be left on voice mail or sent to a particular address, we will accommodate reasonable requests. You may request such confidential communication in writing and may send your request to us at the address listed in the For Further Information section at the end of this notice.\nOther Health-Related Products or Services\nWe may, from time to time, use your personal health information to determine whether you might be interested in or benefit from treatment alternatives or other health-related programs, products or services which may be available to you as a member. For example, we may use your personal health information to identify whether you have a particular illness, and contact you to advise you that a disease management program to help you manage your illness be", "A commodity is a basic raw material or agricultural input used by a business to produce output. And due to the diversity and breadth of today\u2019s production, a wide range of commodities are utilized by businesses throughout the world, from steel and copper, to coffee and wheat. A business\u2019s reliance on commodities in its production process exposes it to fluctuations in the prices of these commodities.\nThis exposure is generally translated into volatility in profit margins or changes in product pricing, or both. The graphs below illustrate the movement of the combined prices of major world commodities over the 6 and 24 months ending July 1, 2011. As evident, commodity prices fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, reacting generally to external influences and news, and trend upwards over the long-term, responding to the sustained pressures of population increases, industrialization of emerging countries, and growth in spending power.\n(Click on images for a larger view)\nAlthough the long-term price trends of input can be matched by steady increases in output pricing, many businesses find it difficult to match the short-term fluctuations in commodity prices because customers prefer consistency in pricing, and because product pricing relies on other factors such as competition and demand elasti", "lchair created in japan to help the country\u2019s growing senior population.\nthe vehicle looks more like a scooter than a wheelchair, but it is designed to allow users to slip on and off\nwith ease. the user rides the device using a saddle seat at the back, controlling it using the handlebars up\nfront or a small joystick. the device is powered with an electric motor located under the front hood.\nthe unusual form may not suit all wheelchair users\u2019 needs, but its riding style position and easy accessibility\ncould be integrated into other wheelchair designs.\nthe ibot is the creation of inventor dean kamen who has also developed the segway personal transporter.\nthe ibot wheelchair uses the same self-balancing technology as the segway and also features a second set\nof wheels, which enable the chair to climb inclines and stairs. wheelchair users don\u2019t have to worry about\nhaving the right access with the ibot because the chair can climb stairs just like able-body people. the design\nraises the user up to standing height but can also be used in a sitting position. despite its breakthrough\ntechnology, the ibot is unfortunately no longer sold.\nclassic design wheelchair\ndesigner david pompa created these design classic wheelchair designs for the vassal centre as part of his\ninclusive objects series. pompa questions why design icons are predominantly for an exclusive range of our\nsociety. to tackle this issue he added wheelchair wheels to a number of antiques and design classic like the\nlounge chair by ray and charles eames. while the design is only a concept, it makes you think about the\ndesign of chairs versus that of wheelchairs.\nstanding wheelchair by jake eadie\njake eadie is a design student at monash university in melbourne, australia who is creating a standing\nwheelchair for his final project. the chair concept is designed so that the user can ride at sitting height and\nraise up to standing height. eadie aims to challenge the perceptions of wheelchair users by having them\nmeet the eye line of able bodied people. the design of the chair uses heavy duty suspension and a rear\nsupport which articulates to raise the user up and down.\nthe suzuki mio is a fuel cell powered electric wheelchair that is user-friendly and boasts a longer travel\nrange than suzuki\u2019s previous lead-acid battery model. the chair can travel 40 km on a single recharge.\nthe design features large armrests which also serve as a safety barrier and a seat made from a mesh fabric\nto improve comfort and air permeability. the dashboard features a large lcd screen to show fuel levels and\npower generation state. the design remains a prototype like many hydrogen powered car concepts.\nimage copyright 2009 wenn.com\njust because you ride in an electric wheelchair doesn\u2019t mean you can\u2019t be sustainable at the same time.\nthese solar powered wheelchairs show that a small panel added to a regular electric wheelchair can take\nyou off the grid, adding more mobility to a chair without worrying about running out of power. above is\na solar wheelchair invented by zhao tianyun, who invented an add-on solar panel which he hopes to patent\nand sell around the world. below is a full solar wheelchair created by a disabled british woman and\na commercial solar wheelchair developed in taiwan.\nphoto: patrick gillooly\nMIT thinking wheelchair\nresearchers at MIT have been working a new high tech wheelchair that can automatically transport users\nusing only voice commands. the device is being developed by nicholas roy and seth teller and is still in\ndevelopment. the chair works by mapping a building in its software and associating certain locations with\nkey voice commands. once commanded to go somewhere the chair slowly moves around being careful not\nto bump into any walls along the way. because the idea is still under development it requires a lot of\npreparation to ensure it navigates itself properly. once the bugs are worked out, this technology could be\nvery useful to wheelchair users\nphoto by liz roll\nthe chariot wearable transportation device is a new form a\nwheelchair developed by exmovere holdings inc.\ndevice is hand free allowing users to ride around just like an able\nbodied person walks.\nthe design was created for amputees and others\nwith standing difficulties and is controlled through sensors\nnear the lower torso and hips. the vehicle requires minimal physical\neffort and allows users to\nclosely approach and reach objects. the\nchariot is powered by a battery located in the base\na regular wheel chair may be sufficient for rolling down the street, but what about rough and rocky terrain.\nwell the tank chair aims to provide the solution. the design features a high back seat and a set of rolling\ntreads to tackle almost any surface just like a military tank. from snow to sand, the tank chair can handle it\nall. the company making the tank chair also produces what they call the \u2018speedster\u2019 wheelchair, that comes\nwith a beefed up motor and chrome wheel rims", "What tools do financial markets provide to help businesses stabilize cash-flows and net income in relation to commodity prices", "eral purpose singlewall Brown corrugated cube. Flat packed and easily assembled without the need for tape. Used for gifts. Fit within the royal mail small parcel category.", "What types of travel insurance does DUInsure provide for domestic travel within New Zealand", "What unexpected event occurred when Dave startled the gang", "Appealing Florida Trust: Administration Matters\nIf you\u2019re involved in the administration of a trust, such as being a trustee or being a beneficiary of the trust, and you don\u2019t like something that\u2019s going on, maybe you\u2019re a beneficiary and you don\u2019t like the decision the trustee made, what can you do? Well, when a beneficiary and a trustee disagree, you have to go to probate court. You n", "What are some interests and affiliations of Alton Roach as mentioned in the text", "What are some innovative wheelchair designs mentioned in the text, and how do they differ from traditional wheelchairs", "What type of food and beverages does Dean Forest Cycles Cafe offer", "How can outdoor wall light glass contribute to the interior design of a home", "What did the AP Director-General of Police M A Basith do in response to reports of AP police assisting the Gujarat ATS team", "What benefits do customers receive when they order new parts from the Toyota Chula Vista dealership", "What are some key marketing strategies for effectively reaching board game enthusiasts", "What are the main aspects of the balloon hoop art project mentioned in the text", "Listen to a short-form recap or roundup of all the top 9to5Google stories of the previous 24 hours. 9to5Google Daily is available on Google Play, iTunes and Apple\u2019s Podcasts app, Stitcher, or through our dedicated RSS feed for Pocket Casts and other podcast players.\nNew episodes of 9to5Google Daily are recorded every weekday. Subscribe to our podcast in Google Play or your favorite podcast player to guarantee new episodes are delivered as soon as they\u2019re available.\nWhy not add the 9to5Google Daily to your Google Assistant Routine for a quick morning update? Learn how to add us d", "What services are available to patients and their families regarding faith and spirituality at the hospital", "Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC), in partnership with the New Zealand Ministry of Health, published The nutrient reference values for Australia and New Zealand (9). This document recommends an adequate intake of fluoride of 0.01 mg/day for infants under 6 months, and an upper level of 0.7 mg/day.\nInfants who are only fed formula reconstituted with fluoridated water might consume slightly more fluoride than the recommended upper level. However, Australian research shows that there is no significant association between infant formula and dental fluorosis, even when reconstituted with fluoridated water (3).\nFood Standards Australia New Zealand\nIn 2009, Food Standards Australia New Zealand (FSANZ) assessed the issue of some children exceeding the upper level for fluoride (10). It found that this was not a health risk or a safety concern because the upper level was based on moderate fluorosis, and this condition is rare in Australia.\nInfant formulas sold in Australia generally contain very low amounts of fluoride (1). The Australia New Zealand Food Standards Code states that infant formula containing more than 17 micrograms of fluoride per 100 kilojoules of powder must include a warning about dental fluorosis on the label (11). This warning was developed based on the assumption that fluoridated water would be used to reconstitute the formula (12).\nAmerican Dental Association\nIn 2011, the American Dental Association advised that infant formula could be reconstituted with either optimally fluoridated water or fluoride-free water (13).\n1. Australian Research Centre for Population Oral Health 2006, \u2018The use of fluorides in Australia: guidelines\u2019, Australian Dental Journal, vol. 51, no. 2, pp. 195\u2013199.\n2. Riordan P 2002, \u2018Dental fluorosis decline after changes to supplement and toothpaste regimens\u2019, Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology, vol. 30, pp. 233\u2013240.\n3. Do L, Spencer A 2007, \u2018Decline in the prevalence of dental fluorosis among South Australian children\u2019, Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology, vol. 35, pp. 282\u2013291.\n4. Spencer A, Slade G 2005, \u2018A rationale for the appropriate use of fluorides\u2019. Paper presented at the Workshop on the Use of Fluorides in Australia, The Australian Research Centre for Population Oral Health, Adelaide.\n5. Department of Human Services 2007, Water fluoridation information for health professionals, State Government of Victoria, Melbourne.\n6. Better Health Channel 2010, Information on breastfeeding.\n7. Better Health Channel 2010, Information on bottle feeding.\n8. Australian Health Ministers\u2019 Conference 2004, Healthy mouths healthy lives: Australia\u2019s National Oral Health Plan 2004\u20132013, Government of South Australia on behalf of the Australian Health Ministers\u2019 Conference, Adelaide.\n9. National Health and Medical Research Council, New Zealand Ministry of Health 2006, Nutrient reference values for Australia and New Zealand.\n10. Food Standards Australia New Zealand 2009, Final assessment report, application A588, Voluntary addition of fluoride to packaged water, Food Standards Australia New Zealand, Canberra.\n11. Food Standards Australia New Zealand 2007, Australia New Zealand Food Standards Code, Food Standards Australia New Zealand, Canberra.\n12. Food Standards Australia New Zealand 2002, Review of infant formula, Food Standards Australia New Zealand, Canberra.\n13. American Dental Association 2011. Scientific panels issue evidence-based clinical recommendations on use of fluoridated water with infant formula, prescribing fluoride supplements", "What symbolism is represented by the elements of the Sutherland flag", "What animal is featured on the newly designed flag representing the county, and why was it chosen", "he needs of neglected, abused, abandoned and troubled children. Jim Bridges had a dream in the late 1960s to provide a nurturing and learning home environment for children who needed help.\nValues. Principles. Courage. Faith. Intellect. Integrity. Such are the words that can be attributed to the subjects of this month\u2019s selection of books. The success of the men and women who write and are written about is inspirational because of the manner in which it was achieved.\nGone are the days of endless phone calls and research, visiting myriad venues before picking \u201cthe one\u201d or poring over book after book of photographer\u2019s samples.\nGrowing up in Canton, I had wonderful examples \u2014 my parents and grandparents were very involved in volunteering in our community. Of course, this filtered down to my siblings and myself. We all started volunteering in grade school by helping families in need with food and clothing.", "Counter strike is a long running game franchise, it started out as a mod but Valve Corporation ended up with the rights to the game and its related content. As of now there are total 7 games released under this name. CS:GO was released in 2012 as a multiplatform game.\nBut until CS:GO came along, the Counter Strike franchise wasn\u2019t making much impact in the eSports circuit. By the time Global offensive was released, most of the major organizations that were organizing competitive Counter strike tournaments have already gone out of business. Most people in the gaming business consider CS:GO as another lackluster addition in the franchise which couldn\u2019t possibly carry much weight in the competitive gaming circuit.\nHowever, the developers clearly had a different outcome in mind, they listened to what the gaming community especially fans who play CS:GO professionally had to say about the game. The result was a ramped up game that became the ultimate in eSports.\nAfter the overhaul, valve went another step and hosted a Global tourney and they have kept the trend up y", "After the Experian Hack athletes on the world stage are even more exposed.\nGuest Post By Yomphana Adams The Fancy Bears hacks and dox releases this summer highlight the need for advanced planning briefing in the athletic industry. The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) World Championships, the Football Association and FIFA were impacted by Fancy Bear actions. In July prior to the IAAF World Championship in [\u2026]\nRafa Marquez, one of Mexico\u2019s greatest soccer players and the captain of Mexico\u2019s national soccer team, along with 21 other Mexican nationals were sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury Department for allegedly acting as a front person and holding assets for suspected Mexican drug kingpin, Raul Flores Hernandez. The sanctions were part of a multi [\u2026]\nSoccer (Football) Fans Being Targeted by Advanced Cyber Threat Actors\nThe F", "If you are considering sending us a proposal or manuscript, please note the following:\n1. Please browse our website to make sure your book is the kind of book we publish. For example, at present we are not publishing new fiction other than poetry.\n2. Whether you are submitting a proposal or a finished manuscript we need the following:\n- \u2022 A contents page, an overall synopsis AND a brief chapter-by-chapter synopsis;\n\u2022 At least two sample chapters;\n\u2022 A proposal document/ covering letter telling us about the manuscript: what it aims to do; how it fits in with the existing literature on the topic; who the audience is.\n\u2022 An up-to-date CV.\n3. Assessments and acquisition decisions are made by an Editorial Board, which meets every two months. Promising manuscripts are also sent out to peer reviewers. We will acknowledge receipt immediately, but the asse", "What are the author's concerns about the battle system in StarOcean 2 compared to the previous StarOcean on PSone", "Peugeot latest car sits in a new category for the French brand, but does the new category mean the 408 still works for fleet customers?\nAdam Wood has been appointed as the new Managing Director of Peugeot in the UK, along with a raft of senior management changes\nThe Peugeot 308 SW is a stylis", "city. This leaves the majority of businesses unable to avoid absorbing such short-term price fluctuations into their profit margins, and exposing cash-flows and net-income to high volatility.\nThe financial markets have a number of tools designed to help businesses stabilize cash-flows and net income by eliminating the short-term fluctuations in commodity prices, leaving the exposure only to the long-term price trends. These tools are contractual in nature, and do not require taking delivery of the actual underlying commodities, thus removing the costs of storage and expiration. Businesses can lock-in the prices of commodities on a desired point in time through the contractual purchase of such commodities, and allowing the gains from the transaction to off-set the price increases of their physical supplies purchased for delivery.\nThe end result is that a business can use its foresight and experience in purchasing its relevant commodities to better manage the cost of its products by securing the input at better prices.\nThe charts below demonstrate how a business can obtain favorable pricing over a significant period of time by spreading its purchases over the year (demonstrated by the 200-day Moving Average (MA)).\nSample commodity price movements over the last 12 months and their 200-day moving average", "What factors should be considered when selecting outdoor wall light glass for a home", "What themes do the films Spirited Away, Kiki\u2019s Delivery Service, and Ponyo focus on, and how do the 8-bit artworks relate to this theme", "What are the dimensions of the brown corrugated box in both inches and millimeters", "What features does the ZIUMIER gaming headset include for an enhanced audio experience", "eed to file a trust lawsuit. That judge is going to decide that. If you don\u2019t like that result and an error of law was made, you may be able to appeal that trust lawsuit to the appellate court that will rule on your trust lawsuit.\nBut be cautious. You should be thinking about appeals during the trial. Waiting until the end of the trial to begin thinking about a trust appeal is too late.", "What was the elevation of Mount Washington that was climbed on February 14, 2011", "you may never need to use a wheelchair in your entire life, but some people use one everyday. the design\nof this product hasn\u2019t changed over many years. however, more and more designers are beginning to\nunderstand that the wheelchair could use some good design. here is a round up of some interesting and\nunusual wheelchairs that intend to improve upon the simple design.\ntoyota i-real concept\nthe toyota i-real concept is a wheel chair which is designed to wrap around the body allowing users to zip\naround un encumbered. the vehicle travels at high speed and angles back to increase stability and safety.\ninside the cockpit of the i-real, a side mounted dashboard features a slew of controls right next to the handle\nmounted brake and gas. the concept also features an led embed back panel that can display graphics,\nincluding signals and other symbols to help navigate in public.\nwoogle works wheelchairs\ndesigner wai lam wong specializes in designing products to be as\ninclusive as possible. among his many\nsocially aware products are these\ntwo wheelchair designs. the first is the big foot wheelchair which adds\nmore personality to the design with the addition of cartoon like legs\non the sides of the chair. the second\ndesign is the lime cycle, a\nwheelchair that can be turned into a hand bike instantly. the design\nto use their wheel chair as need be and attach the\npropulsion device when traveling long distances.\nemosign evolution one\nemosign is a swiss company specializing in producing what are essentially lazy-boys on oversized chrome\ncar rims. the company produces customized leather wheel chairs that come in a variety of colour options\nand ride on tires outfitted with sparkling rims. unfortunately, the chair doesn\u2019t actually roll, the wheels are\njust for show, but perhaps the concept may take off.\nspeedy bikes produces very special bikes designed to extend the function of wheelchairs. the company\noffers a range of wheelchair accessories that turn any wheelchair into a bicycle. their designs simply attach\nonto regular wheelchairs and provide a method to propulsion through either foot pedals or hand pedals.\nbut if pedaling around is too much trouble, they even have a device that transforms the wheelchair into an\nelectric bike. the company also makes a low riding hand bike and an accessory for attaching to a regular\nbicycle to create a tandem bike.\nthe p\u2019gasus is a wheelchair concept created by the porsche design studio. like other concepts presented here,\nthe p\u2019gasus is an adjustable wheelchair that can be used in a sitting or standing position. the design aims to\nchange the images of wheelchair users through its adjustable design and its stylish car-like aesthetics.\nthe design features only three wheels and relies on gyroscopic sensors to balance the user depending on\ntheir center of gravity.\nthe trekinetic is an all-terrain manual wheelchair with a trialing back wheel for added stability.\nthe wheelchair has a carbon fibre bucket seat and hand operated steering and braking systems. the chair\ncan also be made more water proof through an optional umbrella. the design is lightweight, at around 9kg,\nand has solid tires to grip a variety of surfaces. folding and unfolding the bike takes only 8 seconds and\ncan be easily carried in a car or stored out of the way.\nhome care chair\nthis versatile wheelchair designed by christen halter adjusts to work in an upright, sitting and lying down\nposition. the chair has a four wheel base and feet rests that fold up into the seat. large wheels with hand\ngrips can be added on to give the user the ability to propel themselves. the chair can be detached form it\nbase and used on a stair-lift to provide even more mobility options. the chair is made using high-tech\nmaterials that provide comfort and can be adjusted to suit the user\u2019s position.\nwalking robot wheelchair\nthis wheelchair concept aims to blend the walking ability of a spider with some advanced robotics.\nthe design was unveiled at the robo japan fair, where it was demonstrated to the public. the design features\na four-legged robot that has ample room for the operator on top. the vehicle walks with its feet, transporting\nthe user around. although it isn\u2019t intended for use as a wheelchair, the mechanics could be used for this\npurpose to great effect.\nbalance sport wheelchair\nthe balance sport wheelchair was designed by the team of eric larson, ricky biddle, ben shao and austin\ncliffe for use during wheelchair sports like basketball. because players use their hands for propelling\nthemselves, turning, braking and handling the ball, the designers wanted to find a way to give players more\nopportunities for hands-free operation of their wheelchair. they developed a hands-free braking and turning\nsystem that gives players more control over their chair without taking away from ball handling. the design\nworks by responding to the user\u2019s leaning, turning or braking accordingly.\nthe rodem is a new high tech whee", "What type of land is described in the text segment and what are its notable features", "g a great mentor or coach can be game-changing, and I\u2019ve been fortunate to have many incredible ones,\u201d he says. \u201cDuring my undergrad, I had the chance to work under the supervision of amazing scientists including Peter Dirks, Ben Alman, and Vince Tropepe. Dr. Victor Tron, Chief and Medical Director of Laboratory Medicine at St. Michael\u2019s Hospital is an amazing man who took me under his wing and gave me the encouragement and support I needed to see through my own goals and ambitions. And of course, my current PhD supervisor, Karim Mekhail, who has provided me with every platform and opportunity I need to develop into an elite scientist. I owe so much to all of them.\u201d\nIn 2014, Abraham co-founded the University of Toronto Youth Outreach Program, UT-YOP, in which high school students get a chance to see real scientific research in action. It\u2019s a way to pass on the passion that his mentors have inspired in him. \u201cThe message I transmit is one that I find incredibly empowering: a career in science provides a unique opportunity to create and not just consume knowledge, and to influence, through discovery, the lives of many people one may never meet, see, or directly care for, both in this lifetime and beyond.\u201d\nAbraham plans to continue his cell studies in future while also practicing medicine. \u201cI have a real sense of clarity of what my mission is\u201d he says. \u201cI want to, in my own research someday, tackle the biggest and most challenging biomedical questions that medicine faces and then find solutions for them. And I want to lead a basic biomedical research program, perhaps one day a national or even global coalition of scientists, on this mission.\u201d\nThe Adel S. Sedra Distinguished Graduate Award is presented each year under the banner of the Awards of Excellence. It recognizes a current doctoral student who has shown outstanding academic excellence and extracurricular leadership. The award was created in 2002 in recognition of the remarkable contributions made by Professor Adel Sedra during his nine-year term as Vice-President and Provost, including spearheading the University\u2019s efforts to provide minimum funding to its full-time doctoral stream students.\nAlumni Relations within the Division of University Advancement is the steward of the Awards of Excellence program on behalf of the University of Toronto Alumni Association, and co-ordinates the vital contributions of other University stakeholder groups toward this prestigious award program.\nJosh Abraham and the other 2017 Awards of Excellence recipients will be honored at a recognition event on April 27.", "Who was featured as About magazine's first Person of the Year", "one of the largest continuous stretch of public access to the shoreline in Connecticut. The outdoor stormwater classroom contains educational signs posted throughout the parking lot. These signs demonstrate many of the latest technologies and techniques utilized to treat and reduce stormwater runoff before discharging into the Long Island Sound", "Japanese animation house Studio Ghibli has set the standard for lyrical stories, stunning visuals, and vibrant characters who are both powerful and fragile. Co-founder Hayao Miyazaki and company have the magic touch. Since the company\u2019s inception in 1985, Studio Ghibli has amassed a devoted following \u2014 and naturally, the fans enjoy paying homage to the studio\u2019s beautiful work. Designer Richard J. Evans, who we first learned about on F", "What type of packaging is described in the text, and how is it assembled", "What types of parts does Toyota Chula Vista suggest customers replace regularly for vehicle maintenance", "What should you include in your covering letter if you plan to submit your proposal or manuscript to multiple publishers at the same time", "tter is available to you as a member. We will not use your information to communicate with you about products or services that are not health-related without your written permission.\nInformation Received Pre-Enrollment\nWe may request and receive from you and your health care providers\u2019 personal health information prior to your enrollment in the program. We will use this information to determine whether you are eligible to enroll. We will protect the confidentiality of that information in the same manner as all other personal health information we maintain and, if you do not enroll, we will not use or disclose the information about you we obtained for any other purpose.\nOther Uses and Disclosures\nWe are permitted to make certain other uses and disclosures of your personal health information without your authorization.\nWe may release your personal health information:\n- for any purpose required by law;\n- for public health activities, such as required reporting of disease, injury, and birth and death, and for required public health investigations;\n- as required by law if we suspect child abuse or neglect; we may also release your personal health information as required by law if we believe you to be a victim of abuse, neglect, or domestic violence;\n- if required by law to a government oversight agency conducting audits, investigations, or civil or criminal proceedings;\n- if required to do so by a court or administrative ordered subpoena or discovery request; in most cases you will have notice of such release;\n- to law enforcement officials as required by law to report wounds and injuries and crimes;\n- to coroners and/or funeral directors consistent with law;\n- if necessary to arrange an organ or tissue donation from you or a transplant for you;\n- if you are a member of the military as required by armed forces services; we may also release your personal health information if necessary for national security or intelligence activities; and\n- to workers\u2019 compensation agencies if necessary for your workers\u2019 compensation benefit determination.\nAccess You Have\nAccess to Your Personal Health Information\nYou may request a copy and/or inspect much of the personal health information that we retain on your behalf. All requests for access must be made in writing and signed by you or your representative. We may charge you a fee if you request a copy of the information. We will also charge for postage if you request a mailed copy and will charge for preparing a summary of the requested information if you request such summary. You may obtain an access request form by contacting us at the address listed here.\nAmendments to Your Personal Health Information\nYou may request in writing that personal health information that we maintain about you be amended or corrected. All amendment requests, in order to be considered by us, must be in writing, signed by you or your representative, and must state the reasons for the amendment/correction request. If an amendment or correction you request is made by us, we may also notify others who work with us and have copies of the uncorrected record if we believe that such notification is necessary. You may obtain an amendment request form by contacting us at the address listed here.\nAccounting for Disclosures of Your Personal Health Information\nYou may receive an accounting of certain disclosures made by us of your personal health information. Requests must be made in writing and signed by you or your representative. Accounting request forms are available from us at the address listed here. The first accounting in any 12-month period is free. You will be charged a fee for each subsequent accounting you request within the same 12-month period.\nRestrictions on Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Health Information\nYou may request restrictions on some of our uses and disclosures of your personal health information for treatment, payment or health care operations by notifying us of your request for a restriction in writing. A restriction request form can be obtained from us at the address listed here. We will attempt to accommodate reasonable requests when appropriate and we retain the right to terminate an agreed-to restriction if we believe such termination is appropriate. In the event of a termination by us, we will notify you of such termination. You also may terminate, in writing or orally, any agreed restriction by providing such termination notice to us at the address listed here.\nIf you believe your privacy has been violated, you can file a complaint with us at the address listed here. There will be no retaliation for filing a complaint.", "Ascent of Mount Washington on 2011-02-14\n|Others in Party:||Mike Canter|\n|Date:||Monday, February 14, 2011|\n|Ascent Type:||Successful Summit Attained|\n| Location:||USA-New Hampshire|\n| Elevation:||6288 ft / 1916 m|\n|Summary Total Data|\n| Route Conditions:||Maintained Trail, S", "What type of car is highlighted for its company car tax appeal in the review", "What is the adequate intake of fluoride recommended for infants under 6 months according to the NHMRC and New Zealand Ministry of Health", "What are the topics discussed in the podcast episode mentioned in the text", "What was the primary drawback of the Counter Strike franchise before the release of CS:GO in terms of its impact on the eSports circuit", "What features are present in the outdoor stormwater classroom located along the shoreline in Connecticut", "he stitching on this piece, except for the small ties (lazy daisies) for the bunting (click here for photo tutorial for the lazy daisy and back stitch). My version is quite a bit simpler than the original, but it still turned out very cute.\nI got a bit off when doing the letters. I should have unstitched it right after I got off track, but I think it turned out okay. I love that Bev used a cute font that looks like hand lettering because it really hides any small mistakes that may occur. In my case, quite a few mistakes occurred (betcha can\u2019t tell!).\nI gave it to my mother-in-law and she loved it! And I certainly love the instant-gratification of this cute balloon hoop art because it took less than an hour from start to finish.\nI hope I can convince you to give it a try! Bev has the pattern and tutorial FREE on her blog.", "ssment process can take time.\n4. We would prefer that you not submit your proposal or manuscript simultaneously to multiple publishers. If you are intending to do so, however, please note this fact in your covering letter.\n5. Your newly completed thesis is unlikely to be publishable as a book without substantial revision. For some tips on how to approach this, you might like to check out the following links:\nPlease make your submission by email, including documents as attachments, to: firstname.lastname@example.org\nIf you wish to submit hard-copy material to accompany your proposal or manuscript, please send to Manuscripts, Otago University Press, PO Box 56, Dunedin, New Zealand.\nIf you have any queries that are not answered above, please email email@example.com\nClick to download our House Style Guide (PDF) or Manuscript Preparation Guide (PDF).", "ortunity to cut off a significant part of one of the most important arms of the Iranian octopus, which comprises Syria and Hezbollah.\nIt took the Europeans more than thirty years to understand that the Hizb'Allah organization, founded in 1982, is a terror organization. Good Morning, Europe!\nThe State Department and the White House fear Islamic terror more than anything else.\nThe target of the car bomb attack was the Center for Islamist Cooperation, the operational center for many of Hezbollah's offshoot organizations.\nThe crowds in the streets of Egypt will increase during the month of Ramadan, which begins on July 9, and religious sensitivities will be heightened as well.\nEgypt is like a car with ninety million problems, and to describe it as a 'total loss' is to understate the situation.\nThroughout all of history, did an Emir, Sultan Caliph or Arab or Islamic King rule in Jerusalem even for one day?\nWhen the borders of a state are breached, its existence as a state is undermined.\nDemocracy does not have to allow jihad to be waged against it, even if this jihad uses means that appear to be legal.\nThe civil servants at Israel's foreign ministry seem to believe it is their job to shape government policy rather than to be faithful to it.\nIf the world does not wake up in time to see the danger, Syria will be only the first domino to fall.\nVisits of Western leaders complicate old problems and create new ones, and moreover, the chances that these visits will yield a positive effect or result in a real solution to any problem, is quite low.\nArabs outside of Israel envy Arab citizens of Israel, labeling them \"Arab al-Zibda,\" or \"whipped cream Arabs.\"\nIran is waiting for the United States to flee from Afghanistan in order to take control of it and its resources.\nPolitical correctness is what dictates conduct in the highest echelons of leadership in the United States", "What are some innovative wheelchair designs mentioned in the text that aim to improve mobility and user experience", "s with photoshop for an hour and a half.\nShare to Twitter\nShare to Facebook\nShare to Pinterest\nPost Comments (Atom", "ickening pads, offer you a long & cosy gaming session, appropriate for various head shapes.\n- \u3010MULTI-PLATFORM HEADSET\u3011 Toughen PlayStation 4, PS5, Xbox One/ One S, Nintendo Change, PC, Mac, laptop computer, Computer, PSP, iPad, Tablet, Cell phone. [An extra Microsoft adapter (not included) is needed when connecting with an old version Xbox One]\n- \u3010EFFORTLESSLY IN-LINE CONTROL\u3011Involves an analogue quantity attend watch over wheel and mic soundless switch. 6.5ft high tensile energy, anti-winding braided cable. The USB connection ONLY uses for lights up glaring transferring LED lights.", "The Sutherland flag won a vote held in late 2018 to select a flag for the county. The design is a combined saltire and Nordic cross symbolising Sutherland\u2019s early history as a Scottish territory under Viking control. At the point where the arms of the two crosses meet, is a golden sun recalling \u201cthe sun raised high in the south for the origin of the county name \u201cSouth Land\u201d as well as the sunrises seen on the East Coast and the sunsets on the county\u2019s West Coast. The black colour of the cross recalls the peat of the \u201cFlow Country\u201d and dark skies and together with the white recall the central colours of the former Sutherland coat of arms,\nwhich depicted a black raven or eagle against a white field. The flag replaced the formerly selected design featuring a front facing bi-coloured eagle against a counterchanged red and yellow background\nthe winning design in the Sutherland flag competition which was announced in local press on January 28th 2018. This had proven locally unpopular both for its specific design and because of the manner in which it was selected without public consultation.\nAlong the hoist three gold stars derived from the arms of the earldom of Sutherland\nand are also seen as reflective of the locality\u2019s intense sunrises and sunsets\nThe Sutherland competition took place across September and October 2017, with judging taking place on Monday October 30th\nat Drummuie in the county. Entries were received from as far afield as New Zealand Japan and Sweden with many featuring the county\u2019s wildlife. The next step will be to \u201cfinesse\u201d the art work, the winning design will then be manufactured with a formal unveiling and presentation ceremony held in the new year.\nPictured are, back row from left: Councillor Jim McGillivray, vic", "How do fluctuations in commodity prices affect businesses during production", "Dean Forest Cycles Cafe\nRumoured to be the best coffee in the forest, We have be fortunate to establish our selves with a fantastic reputation for offering the best coffee, cakes, ice creams & pasties in the area.\nWe like this reputation and work exceptional hard to ensure we maintain it; providing you with the perfect place to take rest & refuel.\nContain-A-Cafe is now closed at Beechenhurst, we hope you all enjoyed the time we were there as much as we did. Don't worry we are still open at the Bike Centre as normall and also at Wenchford.\nContain-A-Cafe is now open at Wenchford picnic site (Blaken", "on. Rounding out the returners are Hillary Baker, Blaire Barnhart, Bianca Brancaleone, Amanda Hornick, and Candice Parsons.\nNew to head coach Regan Denham's roster for 2011 are Morgan Becker, Emily Dinsmore, Nina Dunay, Jillian Krick, Alexis Fifelski, Annessa Jamison, Kelsey Keimig, Kristen Masullo, Audra Menez, Jen Moyer, Jordan Richardson and Karis Walborn.\nThe match up with St. Francis, Pa., is a familiar one, as the two programs met last season. The Red Flash came away with the 16-5 victory in Loretto, Pa., on March 23, 2010, as they went on to record a 6-11 mark overall last season. This stands as the program's most successful campaign. This is the 10th year of the program.\nSt. Francis returns the bulk of its of players from 2010, including leading scorer, Kate Simmons. The junior scored 41 goals last season while also tallying 17 assists. She also grabbed 61 draws to lead the Northeast Conference in draws per contest with 3.59. The Red Flash's lone senior is their goalkeeper, Danielle Pokusa. Pokusa denied 194 shots last season on her way to six victories.\nAfter the Lady Flames face St. Francis, Pa., on Tuesday, they welcome Monmoth to Lynchburg on Sunday afternoon for a 1 p.m. game", "What is the source of the free pattern for the hot air balloon hoop art project", "What devices are compatible with the gaming headset described in the text", "ears.\nAs well as providing cover for worst-case scenarios such as accidental death and permanent disability, domestic travel insurance exists to protect travellers in situations where trip cancellations or lost deposits could leave them out of pocket. Trip delays and any incurred expenses such as accommodation or alternative transport are also covered with the insurance policy, as well as an allowance for delayed luggage and personal effects.\nTheft of cash, money orders, and bank notes is included as well as loss or theft of travel documents, credit cards, luggage, and personal effects. While nobody likes to think that they will be robbed in their own country, sadly these sorts of incidents do happen. Personal liability is included within our policies. Accidents do happen and when they involve a third party or his/her property, this could become an expensive problem. Ensure you are protected today with DUInsure - proudly insuring New Zealanders for over 25 years.\n*Price based on a single 25 year old travelling in New Zealand on a backpacker policy for 7 days", "What materials must be included when submitting a proposal or manuscript", "That time when Dave startled the gang and got shot\nThe outcome of listening to Ill Communication and relaxing time", "What are some guidelines and recommendations for minimizing dental fluorosis in young children proposed by health professionals", "What was Jim Bridges' dream in the late 1960s", "I am inspired by Bob Shearer. After reading our cover story this month, featuring Shearer as About magazine\u2019s first Person of the Year, it\u2019s hard not to be inspired.\nWhether mounted on a quarter horse, playing tennis, speaking to a crowd of fresh-faced entrepreneurial hopefuls, sponsoring civic events, or strategizing new lines of chips, Bob Shearer is a perfectionist.\nThe average amount of money spent on a wedding photographer in 2006 was $2,283, plus $1,408 on the videographer, according to a study from The Wedding Report. That can add up to big bucks for the industry.\nMike Streb and Tiffany Harbert met as high school freshmen and started dating when they were age 16. Knowing Tiffany\u2019s love of the snow and Christmastime, Mike proposed on Christmas Eve 2008. \u201cOn this Christmas Eve, we were opening presents,\u201d Tiffany recalls.\nPathway Caring for Children began in 1973 as a foster home network to meet t", "What is the date and time of the funeral service mentioned in the text", "What is the environmental issue mentioned in the text relating to single-use coffee cups", "ZIUMIERClick Consume Now for Updated Sign. Estimated Sign: $28.99\n- \u3010IMMERSIVE SOUND\u3011 Excessive strength 50MM neodymium magnets drivers, present you immersive gaming ride, you are going to hear all the pieces from every direction as even as you had been on the battlefield of the badlands.\n- \u3010NOISE CANCELLING MICROHPONE\u3011 Omnidirectional sensitive microphone with noise isolation tech for enhanced converse high quality and reduces ambient noise, to preserve up your converse clearly and loudly.\n- \u3010HUMANIZED DESIGN\u3011Lightweight bag, breathable protein over-ear pads, flexible scarf with th", "ubiz, did just that with these 8-bit odes to various Studio Ghibli characters. Films like Spirited Away, Kiki\u2019s Delivery Service, and Ponyo focus on themes of childhood, so the pixel makeovers are doubly nostalgic. For the die-hards, they\u2019re also a fun reference to Ghibli\u2019s videogame output (Magic Pengel and Ni no Kuni). We may never get an 8-bit era of Studio Ghibli games, but these playful, pixelated artworks are the next best thing", "Which player from St. Francis led in goals and draws during the previous season", "s, it was great. You could switch control of character with the press of a button, and you could select different AI scripts (\"Attack with all mp\", \"Conserve special attacks\", etc) so it's not like the computer controlled character made completely random choices. Even without complete control you could still have the characters act generally the way you wanted them to.\nI can see where you're coming from, but I cant directly relate to it :) What type of battle system would you prefer, one like FF games?\n10-23-2002, 01:46 AM\nThe PS2 one is called Star Ocean 3. 2 was on the psx. And it'll probably be the same. I dont know about the casting spells like mad. Depends how you set your strategy up. This is 1 of 3 RPGS for the PS2 that I want and will be happy forever with. The rest take a back seat. The second one comes out this week..\nvBulletin\u00ae v3.7.4, Copyright \u00a92000-2016, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.", "What research focus helped Josh Abraham gain recognition and ultimately win the Adel S. Sedra Distinguished Graduate Award", "Board games have been experiencing a resurgence in popularity in recent years, and for many creators and companies, this presents an exciting opportunity for growth. In this article, we will explore the key marketing strategies for board games to help you effectively reach your target audience and maximize the success of your game. With the rise of board game enthusiasts and communities, understanding how to effectively market your game is crucial for standing out in a competitive market.\nUnderstanding your target audience is essential in any marketing strategy, and the same holds true for board games. By analyzing demographics and preferences, you can tailor your marketing efforts to resonate with potential customers. Additionally, creating a unique selling proposition that sets your board game apart from others is crucial in capturing the attention of consumers. We will delve into these topics and more as we explore effective marketing strategies tailored specifically for board games.\nFrom leveraging social media engagement with board game communities to forming partnerships with influential reviewers, this article will cover various approaches to reaching potential customers. We will also discuss the importance of retail and distribution, event marketing at conventions and expos, email marketing, as well as measuring success through metrics and analytics.\nIf you\u2019re a board game creator or company looking to enhance your marketing efforts, then keep reading as we dive into the world of strategic promotion within the thriving board game industry.\nUnderstanding Your Target Audience\nWhen it comes to marketing strategies for board games, understanding your target audience is crucial. Board game enthusiasts come from a wide range of demographics, so it\u2019s essential to identify who your core customers are. Whether it\u2019s families, millennials, or hobbyists, knowing their preferences and behavior will help tailor your marketing efforts for maximum impact.\nTo better understand your target audience, consider conducting market research to gather data on age, gender, income level, and geographical location. This information will provide insight into the demographics of board game enthusiasts, allowing you to create targeted marketing campaigns that resonate with different groups. Additionally, understanding their preferences in terms of game themes, complexity levels, and play styles will guide product development and messaging.\n- Conduct surveys and focus groups to gather demographic information.\n- Analyze social media insights to understand the interests of your target audience.\n- Utilize customer feedback and reviews to identify common preferences among board game enthusiasts.\nOnce you have a clear picture of who your target audience is and what they\u2019re looking for in a board game, you can align your marketing efforts accordingly. By crafting messaging and visuals that appeal to specific demographics and preferences, you can effectively reach potential customers and drive engagement with your brand.\nRemember that board game enthusiasts are not a one-size-fits-all group \u2013 by honing in on the unique characteristics of different segments within this market, you can create tailored marketing strategies that speak directly to their interests and motivations. Ultimately, understanding your target audience will set the foundation for successful marketing campaigns that resonate with board game enthusiasts across various demographics.\nCreating a Unique Selling Proposition\nWhen it comes to marketing strategies for board games, one of the most crucial elements is creating a unique selling proposition (USP) that sets your game apart from the competition. With the board game market becoming increasingly saturated, it\u2019s essential to identify what makes your game different and why consumers should choose it over others.\nOne way to create a USP for your board game is to focus on its theme and gameplay mechanics. Whether it\u2019s an innovative twist on a classic game, a unique art style, or a captivating storyline, highlighting these aspects can make your game stand out. For example, if your game has a strong narrative component or offers a cooperative gaming experience that is rare in the market, emphasizing these features can attract the attention of potential customers.\nIn addition to the theme and gameplay, components and production quality can also be key elements of your board game\u2019s USP. High-quality components such as custom meeples, detailed miniatures, or premium materials can set your game apart as a premium offering in the market. Emphasizing the tactile and visual appeal of your game can be a compelling selling point for consumers who appreciate quality craftsmanship in their tabletop gaming experiences.\n|Innovative twist on a classic game\n|Captivating storyline or unique art style\n|Components and Production Quality\n|Custom meeples, detailed miniatures, premium materials\nSocial Media Marketing\nIn today\u2019s digital age, social media has become a powerful tool for reaching and engaging with potential customers. When it comes to marketing strategies for board games, leveraging social media platforms is essential for connecting with board game enthusiasts and communities. Understanding how to effectively utilize social media to promote your board game can make a significant impact on its success.\nOne of the key aspects of social media marketing for board games is engaging with the diverse range of online communities that are passionate about tabletop gaming. Platforms like Facebook groups, Reddit threads, and Twitter hashtags provide valuable opportunities to interact with potential customers, gather feedback, and build a loyal following for your game. Creating engaging content such as gameplay videos, tutorials, and behind-the-scenes looks at the creation process can help generate buzz and excitement within these communities.\nFurthermore, utilizing paid advertising on social media platforms allows you to target specific demographics that align with your target audience. By utilizing targeting features such as age, location, interests, and behaviors, you can ensure that your marketing efforts are reaching the right people who are most likely to be interested in your board game. Overall, building a strong presence on social media platforms and actively participating in relevant conversations can significantly boost the visibility and appeal of your board game.\nLastly, measuring the success of your social media marketing efforts through tools like engagement rates, click-through rates, and conversion metrics is crucial in understanding what strategies are working effectively. By analyzing these metrics, you can refine your approach over time and continuously improve your brand\u2019s presence within the board game community on social media.\n|Social Media Marketing Tactics\n|Engagement with online communities\n|Builds a loyal following and gathers valuable feedback\n|Paid advertising targeting\n|Reaches specific demographics aligned with target audience\n|Measuring success through analytics\n|Allows for refining strategies based on performance data\nIn today\u2019s digital age, influencer marketing has become a powerful tool for reaching target audiences. When it comes to marketing strategies for board games, leveraging the reach of board game reviewers can be incredibly beneficial. Board game enthusiasts often turn to influencers for reviews, recommendations, and gameplay demonstrations before making a purchase. By partnering with popular board game reviewers and content creators, you can effectively showcase your game to a wider audience.\nWhen choosing influencers to partner with, it\u2019s important to consider their reach, engagement, and relevance to your target audience. Look for board game reviewers or content creators who have a substantial following of dedicated fans within your game\u2019s niche. Collaborating with influencers who are passionate about board games and align with your brand", "What new facility has the Town of East Lyme created in downtown Niantic to address stormwater quality improvements", "Tail Deer, Axis Deer, Wild Hogs, Turkey. Additional acreage available.\nAn easy and relaxing drive in the opposit...\nElectricity, High-Speed Internet & Great Access\n40.2 Acre Ranch just 17 miles from Walsenburg, Colorado with unobstructed views of the Spanish Peaks, Sangre de Cristo, Silver and Greenhorn Mountains.\nDrive up access to the property, which is located on the gravel Schoo...\nRare Lake Thomas Lot - A Perfect Place for Family and Friends to Get Away from it All. This recreational lot comes equipped with everything you need to relax in a beautiful outdoor setting. Multiple RV hookups for groups. Walking distance to the lake and access to thousands of acres of National forest.", "ey Straights) offering another perfect place to take a break & enjoy a coffee or ice cream. Although due to the nature of this site our opening ours will be more seasonal.\nTo check we are open follow the link to our facebook page.\nEach year over 100 billion single use coffee cups go to landfill. Most contain plastic or wax so can't be recycled even if there were facilities to do so. It's an alarming statistic and, as coffee lovers, we would like to do what we can. So next time you visit us why not pick up one of our natural reusable Eco Coffee cups and help cut down how many take away cups we use.", "Alton Roach, 63, of Stanardsville died on Tuesday,\nDecember 28, 2010 at his residence. He was born on\nJuly 8, 1947 in Greene County to the late Andrew and\nHe is survived by his wife of 40 years, Doris\nRoach, two sons, Chad and his wife Becky, Andrew and\nhis wife, Heather both of Stanardsville, and two\ngrandchildren, Brody and Cameron.\nAdditional survivors include his brothers,\nCharles Roach of Richmond and James Roach of PA and\nhis sisters, Virgie Deane of Stanardsville, Virginia\nSnow of Stanardsville, Lena Woodson of Tennessee,\nEdith Conley of Stanardsville and Thelma Morris of\nRichmond and numerous nieces and nephews.\nIn addition to his parents he was preceded in\ndeath by two sisters and four brothers.\nAlton was a member of Stanardsville United\nMethodist Church and a veteran of the United States\nArmy. He built custom homes. He enjoyed NASCAR\nraces, Redskin football and golfing.\nThe family will receive friends on Thursday,\nDecember 30, 2010 from 6 p.m. to", "What gear was used for the climb mentioned in the text segment", "What are some effective strategies for marketing board games presented in the text", "Brown corrugated box: 5\u2033 Cube\n5x5x5 Brown Cube Gift Corrugated Box \u2013 Pack of 25 \u2013 127x127x127mm\nSize in mm: 127mm X 127mm X 127mm\nSize in inches: 5inch X 5inch X 5inch\nGen", "Where can I listen to the 9to5Google Daily podcast", "- We are proud to lead the way to a healthier community with a smoke-free environment.\n- Smoking is not permitted in buildings, or outside, including parking lots.\n- 24-hour TDD, 225-231-5252, and a TeleCaption television decoder\n- Handicapped parking spaces\n- A sign language interpreter for the hearing impaired\nOur pastoral services chapl", "irectly to your Assistant Routines right here.\nStories discussed in this episode:\n- Google Photos stops backing up pictures from social media, messaging apps\n- Waze refreshes logo, overall design with bright colors, cartoon-like icons\n- Contacts for Android losing built-in Google Pay integration\n- Google hosting \u2018Smart Home Virtual Summit\u2019 next week\n- Google Chrome for Android preps new bottom-bar tab switcher after killing \u2018Duet\u2019\nEnjoy the podcast?:\nShop Google and Android products at Amazon to support the 9to5Google Daily!\nFTC: We use income earning auto affiliate links. More.", "ear over year. The prize pool is sponsored by Valve and is only getting bigger and better with time. The number of viewers for the competitive matches has been on the rise as well with many people betting on the games at sites like https://cybbet.com/games/csgo.\nAccording to industry insiders, the growth of CS:GO as a major eSports is due mainly to the increased interest that Valve had taken in the game. The company has invested time, effort and money to bring around huge changes in the game itself and also on how it is promoted. The regular and timely updates, the quick bug fixes have streamlined the game and increased confidence in the competitive gaming community. As a matter of fact, the current version of CS:GO hardly has any resemblance to the game that was released in 2012 and had faced heavy criticisms.\nValve\u2019s effort to make the game pro centric can be seen in the introduction of game items that benefit professional teams directly. This way Valve is making money for themselves and also giving people reasons to play the game professionally for a living", "What should a beneficiary do if they disagree with a decision made by the trustee of a trust", "h and practical estate car with the added company car tax appeal of being a plug-in hybrid.\nHere\u2019s the FleetandLeasing.com review of the battery electric Peugeot e208, assessing how it performs for fleet and company car buyers.\nFree2Move Lease funds 12 Peugeot 508 models for Maxxis Tyres flee", "When it comes to travel, it can be easy to ignore the fact that one of the most inspiring countries in the world, is the one we live in. It's not just foreign tourists that can enjoy our great country! With incredible landscapes, diverse cultural activities to enjoy and some exciting and intriguing towns and cities to explore, it\u2019s no wonder that many of us are choosing to stay within New Zealand for our travel adventures.\nTravelling around home territory isn't without its pitfalls. Though it is much easier to get home if problems arise, and hospitalisation is not as much of a worry as it would be in a foreign country, there are still risks and hazards that make having a domestic travel insurance policy a sensible precaution, before setting off on an adventure.\nDUInsure offers domestic travel insurance as part of their Explorer or Comprehensive policies, and offer competitively priced premiums for long and short trips. They provide cover for singles, couples, and families, and cover older travellers who are so often not offered cover due to their advancing y", "Long Island Sound Stormwater Quality Improvements\nThe Town of East Lyme has created an outdoor stormwater classroom at the Hole-in-the-Wall parking lot located in downtown Niantic adjacent to the Long Island Sound. The parking lot serves as one of two main entrances to the Niantic Bay Boardwalk and local town beaches. The 1.1 mile boardwalk is", "View Full Version : StarOcean 2\n10-22-2002, 09:50 PM\nI'm posting this basically because I wanna know how do you feel about this game? because on an aesthetic perspective looks pretty amazing but I'm a little concern about the battle system, is it going to be like the previous StarOcean on PSONE? because I also really liked the characters and backgrounds but I really hated the battle system, the whole thing about not having direct control over the other two characters really pissed me off. I know that in KH you also cannot control Donald or Goofy but they never go casting spells like mad as it was in the StarOcean on PSX, they always ended up dead so I pretty much did the same thing that I do nowadays in KH, I just let them be and only care about my own ass :D but I would really like to know more about the mechanics of this game for the PS2.\n10-22-2002, 10:01 PM\nI hope the battle system remain", "What has the US Department of Justice indicted several top FIFA executives for", "Flames NewsFlames Home > Lacrosse Home > News\nLiberty Lacrosse to Host St. Francis in Season Opener\nThe Liberty women's lacrosse team opens its 2011 campaign at home Tuesday afternoon, hosting St. Francis, Pa., at 4 p.m. at Osborne Stadium. The home contest is the first of nine games scheduled to be played on Liberty Mountain this spring, compared to just two games which the Lady Flames played at home last season during the inaugural year of the program.\nCrowley led the team with 27 goals in 2010, including notching five goals in the Lady Flames' 17-16 victory over Howard. She also ranked tied for first on the team in assists (4). Additionally, the Colorado Springs, Colo., native snagged 32 draw controls to lead the Lady Flames.\nMcIntosh ranked fourth on the team in goals, finding the back of the net on 11 occasions while taking 29 shots. Twenty five (86.2 percent) of McIntosh's shots were on goal, which served as the highest clip on the team. McIntosh tied for the team lead in caused turnovers with 10, while also picking up 22 groundballs last season, to rank third on the team in that category.\nJuniors Camille Little and Anna Starling also return for Liberty as 14-game starters last seas", "SW of 27-112-67\nSt. Lawrence Township, Hand County, SD\nThis 160 acre parcel is a blend of crop and grass land. The crop\nacres have soils with good production capabilities. The pasture has\nPearl Creek meandering through and a 4 wire fence on two sides.\nThe element o...\nHigh Quality tract of land. Slice of Paradise. 8.54 Ac in a spectacular rural setting waiting for your new home. Between Elkin & Stone Mountain State Park right in the heart of the Yadkin Valley Wine Region. Beautiful Rolling open hay fields bounded with your very own wooded...\nBeautiful rolling hills, great views, large hardwood trees. The property is ready for weekend cabin or main home site. Abundant Wildlife, White", "What impact did the Fancy Bears hacks have on major athletic organizations and events", "e Lord Lieutenant Colin Gilmour, Lord Lieutenant Dr Monica Main, vexillologist Philip Tibbetts, Kieran Day, Kinlochbervie High School, Deputy Lieutenant Frances Gunn.\nFront row, from left: Syke Macdonald, Golspie High School, Lord Lyon Dr Joseph Morrow, Carmen Heddie and Erin Mackintosh, both Farr High School, Deputy lieutenants Patrick Marriott and Graeme Smart, head teacher at Kinlochbervie High Scghool\nUpon its announcement Colin Gilmour commented,\n\u201cI think it is eye-catching, which is what you want. A lot of these flags you would not know one from the other. This will stand out at a distance.\u201d\nA spokesman for the panel said that an eagle had featured on a considerable number of the entries and noted that,\n\u201cThe eagle was chosen as a unifying feature of the flag \u2013 the west (of Sutherland) now has a fair population of white-tailed sea eagles and the east\nhas golden eagles in good numbers.\u201d\nA distribution reflected in the bicoloured form of the eagle.\n\u201cIt was felt that the bird\u2019s swooping pose, albeit perhaps unique on a flag, was considered bold and easy to identify from a distance\u201d The original design was an amalgamation of several submissions, combining three gold stars on red from one submission, with a red and yellow counter-changed pattern from a second and a front facing swooping eagle from a third.\nThe third flag featured a golden eagle, face on, set against a purple background reflecting the Purple Saxifrage, wild orchids, Purple Milk-Vetch and of course wild heather (caluna vulgaris) that can be found across the county. The pentagon shape is a stylised reference to the roughly five sided shape of the county,\nwhilst the blue and white surround recalls both snowy peaks against a cold sky\nand the foamy seas of the coastline.", "What types of coverage does domestic travel insurance provide according to the text", "What amenities and attractions are mentioned for the 40.2 Acre Ranch near Walsenburg, Colorado", "ous patterns and paint make the wall lighting look very different. Try to combine with a very attractive so it can provide enormous appeal.\nOutdoor wall light glass certainly may increase the appearance of the space. There are a lot of design which absolutely could chosen by the homeowners, and the pattern, style and paint colors of this ideas give the longer lasting stunning look. This outdoor wall light glass is not only create wonderful design and style but also can increase the looks of the space itself.\nThe outdoor wall light glass must be lovely and also the right items to accommodate your room, if you are not sure where to get started and you are seeking ideas, you are able to check out these photos page in the bottom of this page. There you will see several images about outdoor wall light glass.\nA perfect outdoor wall light glass is stunning for everybody who utilize it, both family and others. Selecting wall lighting is vital with regards to their design appearance and the purpose. With this specific goals, lets check and choose the ideal wall lighting for the house.\nIt may be essential to discover outdoor wall light glass that practical, useful, gorgeous, and comfortable items that show your current style and blend to make an excellent wall lighting. For these causes, it can be very important to put your own stamp on your wall lighting. You want your wall lighting to represent you and your taste. Thus, it is really recommended to find the wall lighting to beautify the appearance and experience that is most essential to your home.\nIf you are purchasing outdoor wall light glass, it is essential to think about aspects including specifications, size as well as artistic appeal. In addition, require to give consideration to whether you want to have a theme to your wall lighting, and whether you want a formal or traditional. In case your room is open space to the other room, it is additionally better to consider matching with that place as well", "What has been a long-held belief about Hezbollah that the Europeans took more than thirty years to realize", "ain is available to talk with people of all faiths and can make regular visits to patients and their families.\nOur nondenominational chapel is always open to patients, families and friends as a place for prayer, meditation, reflection or simply a place for a few quiet moments.\nLocated on the 1st floor of the hospital near Woman's Way Caf\u00e9."]}