{"q_indices": [33, 21, 16, 6, 72, 94, 15, 68, 88, 75, 55, 14, 54, 24, 116, 37, 83, 28, 26, 35, 11, 71, 124, 19, 23, 18, 127, 86, 89, 100, 87, 67, 56, 60, 32, 101, 84, 106, 78, 91, 36, 31, 8, 104, 44, 61, 112, 76, 5, 99, 4, 53, 66, 115, 41, 126, 49, 110, 81, 58, 114, 25, 118, 102], "a_indices": [27, 50, 39, 70, 1, 17, 123, 73, 108, 64, 93, 63, 43, 10, 13, 3, 45, 29, 107, 98, 22, 69, 96, 9, 47, 92, 120, 113, 82, 111, 105, 20, 7, 85, 0, 119, 95, 59, 117, 74, 2, 125, 65, 122, 46, 34, 109, 51, 77, 97, 38, 121, 48, 12, 80, 79, 62, 52, 57, 103, 90, 42, 40, 30], "texts": ["Jimmy John's confirmed a data breach this week and disclosed that approximately 216 stores were affected.\nThe sandwich shop chain said the investigation is on-going, but it believes attackers stole log-in credentials from the company's point-of-sale (POS) vendor and used them to access the POS systems at various locations, according to a press release. Only cards used inside the affected stores are at-r", "History Workshop: What does it mean to decolonise History teaching and research at SOAS?\n11 February 2019\nBy Eleanor Newbigin\n\u201cSOAS is unique in the regional focus of its History teaching. It is the only History department in Britain and north America that does not teach courses on western history Rather, our BA and MA History programmes focus exclusively on the histories of regions and people in Africa, Asia and the Middle East. In their 2013 study of the western-centric focus of UK and north-American History departments, Luke Clossey and Nicholas Guyatt\u2019s singled out SOAS History as the only department in their sample \u2018whose faculty complement most closely matches global population patterns.\u2019\n\u201cRecent discussions about decolonising teaching curricula, however, have drawn attention to the deeper ways in which colonial practices and their legacies structure learning spaces. A 2015 SOAS Student Union report highlighted how s", "You are downloading Unicorn Dash game APK file for Android, now it is available here in this web page to free download and install. This v1.7 version is latest updated for only Android phones or tablets. This game also available onGoogle Play Store, but today we are also going to upload to our server for free.\nUnicorn Dash is most amazing and wonderful Android game, by playing this amazing game you can enjoy the horse riding on the way to jump from one way to another way. In the game, you can play to create the best score in Dash. In this game most beautiful graphics and awesome music. In one game you can play 3 dashes like 1st, 2nd, and 3rd dash. It is cool and fantastic Android game which supports Android 2.3.3 to higher. This game is completely free and ea", "& Norman\u2019s Rare Guitars\n\u2022 Lacquers cut by Carl Rowatti at Trutone Mastering Labs, Nanuet, NY\n\u2022 Pressed by Independent Record Pressing, Bordentown, New Jersey\n3-5 business days\nI'll do my best to meet these shipping estimates, but can't guarantee them. Actual delivery time will depend on the shipping method you choose.\nBuyers are responsible for any customs and import taxes that may apply. I'm not responsible for delays due to customs.\nJust contact me within: 7 days of delivery\nShip items back to me within: 30 days of delivery\nBut please contact me if you have any problems with your order.\nBuyers are responsible for return shipping costs. If the item is not returned in its original condition, the buyer is responsible for any loss in value", "What are similar triangles and how do they differ from congruent triangles", "What are the main topics covered in the musical show about how to be a good mistress", "What benefits does the partnership between BoardSync and CivicPlus provide for their respective clients", "Petunias are among the most popular of garden flowers. They\u2019re easy to care for, inexpensive, and fill the garden with a large variety of colors all summer long. Unfortunately, those colorful blossoms die off quickly, leaving you the job of deadheading petunias. Do you have to deadhead petunias? Only if you want to avoid straggly green stems without blooms for at least half of the season. Keep your garden colorful and productive by deadheading your petunias.\nDo You Have to Deadhead Petunias?\nWhy remove spent petunia flowers? Plants live to reproduce themselves, and annuals, like petunias, create blooms to form new seeds. Once the bloom browns and falls off, the plant spends its energy creating a seed pod filled with seeds.\nIf you clip off the old bloom and the forming pod by deadheading, the plant will start the process all over again. Instead of a straggly stem", "What are the benefits of playing free online casino slots compared to playing for real money", "in late 2017 or 2018.\nThe book of translations is one of 212 humanities projects nationally that received grant funds last month from the federal endowment.\nWesterman, who is a member of the Sisseton-Wahpeton Dakota Oyate, said she hopes the book \u201cwill reveal an expanded narrative from multiple perspectives that documents the lives of Dakota people in the period before and after land loss, war, and exile.\u201d\nThree professionals and a graduate student are helping Westerman translate the letters and prepare the book.\nGlenn Wasicuna is the lead translator and cultural adviser, who Westerman said \u201cbrings significant research and translation experience, and an exceptional level of insight and access to the letters.\u201d\nSisseton Wahpeton College Dakota studies instructor Erin Griffin will write annotations providing cultural context to the selected letters.\nBruce McCann White will lead the archival research; he has \u201ca strong background in Dakota and Ojibwe history in Minnesota,\u201d Westerman said.\nThe entire version of this story can be read in a print copy of the Mankato Free Press. Call the Mankato Free Press at 625-4451 or (800) 657-4662 to find out how to purchase a print copy. The Free Press also prints select stories online at www.mankatofreepress.com", "sed. Gary L Williams is licensed in the states of Ohio and Kentucky for securities, life insurance, and variable products. Information throughout this site, whether stock quotes, charts, articles, or any other statement or statements regarding market or other financial information, is obtained from sources which we, and our suppliers believe reliable, but we do not warrant or guarantee the timeliness or accuracy of this information. Nothing on this web-site should be interpreted to state or imply that past results are an indication of future performance. Neither we nor our information providers shall be liable for any errors or inaccuracies, regardless of cause, or the lack of timeliness of, or for any delay or interruption in the transmission thereof to the user. THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR RESULTS OBTAINED FROM ANY INFORMATION POSTED ON THIS OR ANY LINKED WEB-SITE. Some material on this website prepared by MarketingLibrary.Net Inc., and does not necessarily represent the views of the presenting party, nor their affiliates. Marketing Library.Net Inc. is not affiliated with any broker or brokerage firm that may be providing this information to you. All information is believed to be from reliable sources; however we make no representation as to its completeness or accuracy. Please note \u2013 investing involves risk, and past performance is no guarantee of future results. The publisher is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional services. If assistance is needed, the reader is advised to engage the services of a competent professional. This information should not be construed as investment, tax or legal advice and may not be relied on for the purpose of avoiding any Federal tax penalty. This is not a solicitation or a recommendation to purchase or sell any investment or insurance product or service, and should not be relied upon as such. All indices are unmanaged and are not illustrative of any particular investment.\nGary L Williams Registered Representative,\nRegistered Investment Advisory Associate\nSecurities and Investment Advisory services offered\nthrough Crown Capital Securities LP\n8160 Corporate Park Dr Ste 210 Cincinnati OH 45242 513-791-8899\nMember FINRA, SIPC\nWant My Job Loss Checklist?\nSubscribe for regular updates with personal finance tips and actionable ideas starting with my Checklist.\nUnsubscribe with 1 click at any time.\nI hate SPAM and promise to keep your email address safe.\nAlready subscribed? Submit anyway. You won\u2019t be added to my list twice, don\u2019t worry.", "What types of vacation activities does ZIS offer during academic breaks", "d myself groping for a memory.\nI tell them and I tell myself that these sorts of lapses are just part of getting older. With more than 60 years of events, numbers, people, interactions, books read, movies viewed, music listened to, baseball games watched, basketball games played, letters written, emails responded to, poems memorized, technologies learned, my brain is packed chock-full. So, it\u2019s no surprise if a stray fact here and there goes missing.\nStill, in the back of my mind, I\u2019m a little unsettled.\nIs my trouble recalling James Caan\u2019s name early evidence of Alzheimer\u2019s disease? Am I at the beginning of a slide down a slippery slope to mental oblivion?\nFor the rest of the story, which was published in the March 11, 2012, Tribune, go to\u2026\u2026\nPatrick T. Reardo", "\"Amateurs\u201d sees the incredible vision of Les Agamemnonz mature into a gorgeous, smart and evocative collection of soundscapes. It combines the dripping reverb and dance beat of early 60s surf music with the cinematic orchestral textures of mid-century Western film scores.\nRecommended for fans of Ennio Morricone, The Shadows, and The Ventures\n1. Ouverture a l\u2019am\u00e9ricaine\n4. No Shoes No Service\n7. Mount Capitola\n8. Air Force\n9. Les Conseils de la Fee des Lilas\n11. Mount Harissa\n12. Redwood Heights\n\u2022 Limited-edition yellow vinyl LP, 500 pressed in the USA\n\u2022 As seen at Surf-O-Rama Festival (Spain), Surfer Joe Summer Festival (Italy), Surf Guitar 101 Convention & Hi-Tide Summer Holiday (USA)\n\u2022 As featured by The Wire (UK), Vintage Rock Magazine", "What activities related to snow accumulation on public sidewalks or grounds are prohibited under this ordinance", "What are the key features of the hand vacuum cleaner mentioned in the text", "What technology company has CivicPlus acquired to enhance its product offerings for local government", "ome teaching at SOAS were framed in terms of teaching \u2018outsiders\u2019 about Asia and Africa, that reinforced structural racism and the \u2018otherness\u2019 of the non-western world.\n\u201cThis insider/outsider relationship, as well as the specific regional focus of SOAS\u2019s History teaching and research, reflect the institution\u2019s own imperial history. Founded initially as the School of Oriental Studies in 1916 (Africa was only added in 1935), SOAS was established for the specific purpose of training colonial officials for their postings across the British Empire.\u201d\nEleanor Newbigin is a senior lecturer in the history of modern South Asia at SOAS, University of London. She is interested in the histories of political representation and citizenship in India, especially during the subcontinent\u2019s independence and more recently in the historical relationship between Empire and university education in Britain and India. She tweets at @EleanorNewbigin", "What qualities should you look for in a financial planner according to Ryan", "What is the main purpose of the book of translations mentioned in the text", "programming and hear from photographer Susan Meiselas, whose work is on view in the exhibition Through a Woman\u2019s Lens, as she discusses her work with the Herzfeld Curator of Photography and Media Arts.\nFree for Museum Members\nFree with Museum admission", "What are the commitments outlined for maintaining high standards in aesthetic medicine", "Vacation and Community Programs\nGive your children new opportunities and broaden their horizons outside the school year by joining a ZIS vacation or weekend program.\nZIS offers a wide range of vacation activities during academic breaks. We have STEM camps, gymnastics, soccer, kayaking, fun activities and more.\nPrograms details and registration information will be published here nearer the start dates so please check back.\nIntersoccer - Autumn Soccer Camps\n- September 17, 2023\nWinter Break", "What are the six key areas involved in financial planning according to Ryan McKean", "What types of licenses does Gary L Williams hold", "What are some features and benefits of different types of treadmills mentioned in the text segment", "What is considered the determinative aspect of fully human identity according to the text", "We are committed to maintaining the highest professional standards of practice in aesthetic medicine in relation to clinical practice and patient care. We provide educational and professional development activities and opportunities for our members and support research and auditing. Our Annual Clinical Review is used by the DHSC to inform thinking and influence decision-making, and our conference and educational events are well-supported and highly respected. We regularly collaborate with medical, governmental, regulator, academic and other such bodies as may be concerned with any of the aspects of aesthetic medicine, whilst also providing educational information and advice to the public and patients.\nThe BCAM board of trustees adopted a revised definition of aesthetic medicine in September 2021 which clearly outlines what the sub-speciality represents:\nAesthetic Medicine is a sub-speciality of medical and surgical practice comprising a comprehensive group of health interventions, including preventative, minimally invasive and operative procedures involving human tissues, performed by duly qualified and registered medical, dental and advanced nurse practitioners, in order to maintain, improve or restore physica", "What challenges does the text identify for newcomers in academic life, specifically for PhD students", "with him as much as I could/should have because I did not feel entitled to do so. This kind of feeling is nurtured by the very hierarchical aspect of economic research, which, true enough, is not specific to economics, but is compounded by the reflective nature of our field, where we have a tendency to analyze our daily actions with economic metaphors and, among other examples, take a special interest in the determinants and the measure of individual and group productivity, as well as the structure of careers, using the example of academics.\nThe challenge we face is to create and maintain an ambitious and stimulating environment without losing sight of what makes academic life so great: collaborative work and a sense of collective, inclusive endeavor. This is all the more important for the newcomers, especially PhD students, who may struggle to adjust to new \u2013 and questionable \u2013 professional norms and are quite susceptible to mental distress, as discussed in this recent paper. This is also a crucial issue for the months (hopefully, not years) to come, when sanitary restrictions will limit actual human interactions and the generalization of online operations may increase exposure to global competition in possibly detrimental ways. Let us discuss about all this", "provided more than $10 million of impact to at risk youth in Colorado, Indiana, Louisiana and Tennessee through its grants and programs since its inception in 1999. In addition to funding life-enhancing initiatives, Peyton gives his time, leadership and presence to a broad range of worthy causes including the St. Vincent's Children's Hospital (Indianapolis), which in 2007 was renamed the \"Peyton Manning Children's Hospital at St. Vincent.\" Manning serves as a member of the American Red Cross National Celebrity Cabinet and the Pat Summitt Foundation. He also started the Peyton Manning Scholarship program at Tennessee that has honored 20 incoming college students in the last 16 years on the basis of academic achievement, leadership and community service.\nCongratulations, Peyton, on a well-deserved honor!", "What are some of the features of the Unicorn Dash game", "How many stores were affected by the Jimmy John's data breach", "What is the definition of aesthetic medicine adopted by the BCAM board of trustees in September 2021", "L'. I suspect that the forecast function is using the base specification in log-levels and doesn't recognize that I want it in error correction form.\nCould you cast some light on this? Is there an in-built way of making ECM forecasts? Or do I need to write an iterative loop for computing dynamic forecasts of the error correction term?\nFor technical questions regarding estimation of single equations, systems, VARs, Factor analysis and State Space Models in EViews. General econometric questions and advice should go in the Econometric Discussions forum.\n1 post \u2022 Page 1 of 1\nWho is online\nUsers browsing this forum: No registered users and 5 guest", "What translation does the text mention for the phrase 'Son of Man'", "What version of the Unicorn Dash game is being made available for free download", "Who is responsible for covering return shipping costs and ensuring the item is returned in its original condition", "What is meant when someone says similar triangles? The next video in our Geometry series addresses this question, and more.\nTranscript of Video: Similar Triangles\nNow we can talk about similar triangles. Recall the idea of congruence. If shapes are congruent, it means they have the same shape and the same size. So for example, these are two congruent shapes. They don\u2019t have to be in the same orientation. We can flip them around, we can rotate them, but these are essentially the same shape and so we can pair them up.\nThe corresponding sides have equal length, the corresponding angles are equal, they\u2019re exactly the same shape just in different orientations. Sometimes, in geometry and in real life, we need to examine two figures that have the same shape, but different sizes. Two geometric figures with the same shape and different sizes are called similar. And so what we have here, those two shapes, it is the same shape.\nThe second one is a smaller copy of the first one, and again it\u2019s in a different orientation. It\u2019s been flipped around and rotated a little bit, but that is in fact the same shape.\nSimilar Triangles: Angles\nSo the first thing we\u2019ll talk about are angles in similar figures. The first big idea of similar figures is that similar figures have equal angles.\nSo B corresponds to J. So angle B has to equal angle J, angle C has to equal angle K, and angle D has to equal angle L. And so each angle is equal to its corresponding angle in the similar triangle. Notice that, if a segment goes across a triangle and is parallel to one of the sides, it automatically creates a smaller similar triangle.\nSo if GJ is parallel to FK, well that means that triangle HFK (the larger triangle), is similar to triangle HGJ (the smaller triangle). And it also means that the angles would be equal in both. Obviously they both share the same angle at H, but for example angle HGJ would have to be equal to angle HFK.\nIt\u2019s not hard to prove that two triangles is similar using their angles. If just two angles and one triangle are equal to two angles and another triangle, that\u2019s enough to establish that the two triangles are similar. So for example, here we know that the smaller triangle has a right angle, the larger triangle also has a right angle. So that\u2019s one thing that they have in common.\nAnd they share that angle at P. And so that\u2019s another angle that, since it\u2019s common to both of them, they share those two angles, that\u2019s enough right there to guarantee that those two triangles, the smaller triangle and the larger triangle are similar.\nSimilar Triangles: Sides\nNow we can talk about sides in similar figures. The sides in similar figures are proportional.\nWell what does that mean? This means that we can set up proportions. The ratio of any two sides of one triangle has to be equal to the ratio of the corresponding sides in the other triangle. So for example, if these are similar triangles, the ratio of AB over BC that has to equal the ratio of DE over EF.\nSo setting these two ratios equal, that\u2019s the proportion we can set up. Here are the similar triangles again. Another way to write these is in the form of side of one triangle, over the corresponding side of the other triangle. So we could write AB over DE. And the advantage of this is now we can create an equation that relates all the sides of both triangles.\nSo AB over DE, those are corresponding sides. BC over EF those are corresponding sides and AC over DF, those are corresponding sides. So all three of those ratios have to be equal. If the sides of the bigger triangle are written in the numerator, and these fractions are greater than one, and this quantity is known as a scale factor.\nSo we use K for scale factor. So K would be D over E = EF over BC = DF over AC. If we know any length in the smaller triangle the corresponding length in the larger triangle is just the original length times the scale factor. And in fact the amazing thing is not just for the sides of the triangle, but any length at all.\nSo for example, suppose we construct an altitude from the smaller triangle, or suppose we connect one of the vertices to the midpoint of the opposite side. So take any length at all that we construct in the smaller triangle. If we construct that exact s", "This combination will allow both entities to expand and strengthen their offerings. BoardSync is an ideal partner for CivicPlus, and its powerful software is the ideal foundation for our new CivicClerk integrated product offering.\nMANHATTAN, Kan. (PRWEB) October 16, 2017\nCivicPlus, the nation\u2019s leader in integrated technology for local government, has announced that it has acquired BoardSync, a leader in agenda and meeting management solutions for municipalities. The addition will allow CivicPlus to offer a CivicClerk product solution and will expand its product portfolio, strengthening its offering as a comprehensive solution provider for local government.\n\u201cBoardSync has earned an outstanding reputation for offering an industry-leading agenda and meeting management software solution for local governments,\u201d said CivicPlus President Brian Rempe. \u201cThis combination will allow both entities to expand and strengthen their offerings. BoardSync is an ideal partner for CivicPlus, and its powerful software is the ideal foundation for our n", "Peyton Manning's legacy goes far beyond the painted lines on the football field, and this year, he's being recognized for it.\nManning has been named the winner of the 2015 Bart Starr Award, given annually to a player who exemplifies character and leadership on and off the field. It is one of two annual NFL awards whose recipient is chosen by players at the end of the regular season.\nManning will accept the award in person during a Super Bowl breakfast in Glendale the weekend of Super Bowl XLIX. Athletes in Action, the group sanctioned by the NFL to run the award, said this of Manning in a release.\nSince the day he was selected as the No. 1 pick in the 1998 NFL Draft, Manning has demonstrated admirable resolve to invest in every community he and his wife, Ashley, have lived in. The PeyBack Foundation has", "What is the expanded form of the product (x+1)^2 * x", "that boast of superior construction and truck load of features. These are relatively large machines with strong motors and tougher decks. A lot of commercial treadmill models these days are loaded with features that one wouldn\u2019t wish to miss out on. A lot of machines support programmed workouts as well that the users can choose from. This is a great option if you have multiple users and definitely not ideal if you have a strict budget to adhere to and also when you are going to use the machine occasionally. Models 1750 and 2950 are surely among the best.\n- Inclined treadmills: Regular treadmills do not allow you to go for an inclination beyond 20%. And if that\u2019s an issue which bothers you, then inclined treadmills are to your rescue. Some models give you an inclination of as high as 40 to 45%. If you are into intense workouts and looking for burning those calories faster than ever, then \u201cinclined treadmills\u201d are the ones you can explore to choose the one you want. X11i, X22i and the new X32i models are surely worth considering.\n- Desk treadmills: The ones with a desk job know how tough it is to sit at one place for long and the health implications that follow. If you have to work from home then try considering these desk treadmills that not only get your task done but will also keep you fit. These treadmills enable you to walk slowly while walking. The NordicTrack Desk treadmill and the Desk Treadmill Platinum are great models to consider.\nWatch the Video till En", "Are you aware of these potential tax breaks and tax-saving opportunities? The federal government offers some major tax breaks for older Americans. Some of these perks deserve more publicity than they receive. At age 65, the Internal Revenue Service gives you a larger standard deduction. For 2020, standard deductions look like this for taxpayers 65\nHere is what you need to know. Financially, many of us associate April with taxes \u2013 but we should also associate April with important IRA deadlines. April 1, 2020 is the deadline to take your Required Minimum Distribution (RMD) from certain individual retirement accounts. A new federal law must be noted here. The\nSome specifics about the \u201csecond act.\u201d Does your vision of retirement align with the facts? Here are some noteworthy financial and lifestyle facts about life after 50 that might surprise you. Up to 85% of a retiree\u2019s Social Security income can be taxed. Some retirees are taken aback when they discover this. In addition\nWhat you need to know. When you reach age 70\u00bd, the Internal Revenue Service instructs you to start making withdrawals from your traditional IRA(s). These withdrawals are also called Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs). You will make them, annually, from now on.1 If you fail to take your annual RMD or take out less than the\nA way to help you prepare. The baby boomers redefined everything they touched, from music to marriage to parenting and even what \u201cold\u201d means \u2013 60 is the new 50! Longer, healthier living, however, can put greater stress on the sustainability of retirement assets. There is no easy answer to this challenge, but let\u2019s\nIf passed, it would change some long-established retirement account rules. If you follow national news, you may have heard of the Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement (SECURE) Act. Although the SECURE Act has yet to clear the Senate, it saw broad, bipartisan support in the House of Representatives. This legislation could make Individual\nGet updates with our latest insights. We never spam!\nStuff we have to say\nCertified Financial Planner Board of Standards Inc. owns the certification marks CFP\u00ae, CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER\u2122 and CFP (with flame logo)\u00ae, which it awards to individuals who successfully complete initial and ongoing certification requirements. CHARTERED RETIREMENT PLANNING COUNSELORsm and CRPC\u00ae are registered service marks of the College for Financial Planning\u00ae. DISCLAIMER: This web-site is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation or offer to sell securities in states where we are not licen", "Is there a built-in way in Eviews to forecast in ECM form after estimating an ARDL model", "This was written by a childhood friend of Emmanuel Farhi. As Twitter user @BiasedStats notes, the third paragraph makes it worth sharing.\n(Below the line, with no indentation.)\nAs most of you may have now heard, Emmanuel Farhi died by his own hand last week. He was a childhood friend of mine and even if we had been estranged for a long time, I feel this sad news compels or at least allows me to write this message. By all possible measures, Emmanuel was the gold standard of the profession: full professor at Harvard Economics Department, recipient of countless awards, esteemed colleague, coauthor and advisor.\nI am not aware of the specifics of his personal situation. Of course, life can be difficult on many aspects other than work. However, in our profession arguably more than in others, professional and personal levels are quite often intertwined. According to the numerous reactions to his passing, Emmanuel counted many friends in the profession, who now refer to his brilliance (\u201ctrue scholar\u201d, \u201cshooting star\u201d, \u201csuper-human\u201d, \u201cbest economist of his generation\u201d, etc.). I believe this kind of tributes, however well intentioned, may also be problematic.\nIn Emmanuel\u2019s case, such awe might have isolated him. In my case, I know that I forbade myself to get in touch", "Hi Eviews Support,\nThis should be a simple one. Is there an in-built way to forecast in ECM form?\nFor example, I can estimate an ARDL in log-levels. Then I can transform it into ECM form using the 'Error correction form', e.g.:\nequation Example_1.ardl log(Cons) log(income)\nThe latter specification is useful to me, because rather than using the spurious relationship in levels, it is explicitly estimating the correction coefficient in log-differences. It is large and statistically significant; so far so good.\nBut when I click 'Forecast', I get the same forecast series regardless of whether I selected the log differences ECM or the 'spurious ARD", "The Beginner\u2019s Guide to Financial Planning\nOctober 3, 2019\nLooking to get your finances under control but don\u2019t know where to start? We sat down with Skylight Partner and Financial Planner Ryan McKean and compiled the ultimate beginner\u2019s roadmap to financial planning\u2014covering everything from fundamentals to finding the right planner and firm for your needs.\nWhat exactly is financial planning?\nAt its core, it is a lifelong process that can help someone properly allocate their finances so they can be prepared for the expected and unexpected moments in life. \u201cThink of it as having a go-to guide whenever a financial thought crosses your mind: Am I saving enough for my retirement? Will I be able to afford to send my children to college? All these scenarios and more are questions we address for our clients\u201d said Ryan. To put it simply\u2014it is a way to plan for the future so you can enjoy your life in the present.\nOnce a client has identified their goals, financial planners like Ryan start building out a strategy for them, based on six key areas.\nThe six key areas of financial planning\nFinancial Position: Taking a pulse on your current financial standing\n\u201cThis area is about getting an initial picture of where the client is at\u2014covering things like cashflow and monthly budget. A person might think they already have an accurate understanding of this in their head, but once they see their budget on paper it can really help see it with new eyes\u201d says Ryan.\nAdequate Protection: Being equipped to handle any or all \u201cwhat ifs\u201d\n\u201cThis area is focused on the unforeseen rainy days in life ranging from bad to catastrophic. Will I be able to pay off my debt? What if I get injured and cannot work? How can I provide for my family in case of an untimely death? Building a strategy to protect you and your family from these scenarios gives allows you to plan for the future with a sense of confidence.\u201d\nWealth Accumulation Strategies: Planning for the big price tags of life\n\u201cWhet", "There was a point I wanted to make about the actor who played Will Farrell\u2019s father in the movie, but, for the life of me, I couldn\u2019t remember his name.\nI knew he\u2019d played Sonny Corleone in \u201cThe Godfather.\u201d And Brian Piccolo in \u201cBrian\u2019s Song.\u201d And Hugh Grant\u2019s future father-in-law in \u201cMickey Blue Eyes.\u201d But his name escaped me.\nI tried various mental tricks, such as running through the alphabet and trying out various first names, until finally after what seemed like a long time but was probably only \u2014 only? \u2014 10 seconds I remembered he\u2019s James Caan.\nIf you\u2019re over the age of 60, as I am, something like this has probably happened to you. And it\u2019s probably happening with greater frequency. I see my friends stumbling over a recollection. And, more and more, I fin", "What factors contributed to the reduction in whitetail deer populations and permit sales in Nebraska in 2012", "l, psychological and/or social wellbeing of patients, using techniques which combine both medical and aesthetic considerations for the patient.\nWe are committed to:\n- Maintaining the highest professional standards of practice in aesthetic medicine in relation to clinical practice and patient care\n- Providing educational and professional development activities and opportunities for doctors and dentists\n- Supporting research and auditing in aesthetic medicine\n- Advancing the effective, safe and ethical practice of aesthetic medicine\n- Providing information, guidance and advice on aesthetic medicine and associated health issues\n- Promoting the prevention, diagnosis and effective treatment of diseases, disorders and conditions in relation to the practice of aesthetic medicine\n- Advising and making representations to medical, governmental, regulatory and other such bodies as may be concerned with any of the aspects of aesthetic medicine\n- Collaborating with medical, academic and other institutions in the UK and worldwide in the practice and development of aesthetic medicine\n- Providing educational information and advice to the public and patients\n- Remaining a not-for-profit organisation for its members and director", ", or at least uncalculated. The old bounty hunter, for example, stepped into \u2018The Undiscovered Country\u2019 about fifteen pages in, without any warning. I had no idea he was waiting in the wings. Benny Salvador, on the other hand, was more deliberate, because he\u2019s modeled in part on stories my friend David Salazar told me about his grandfather, who was a peace officer up in Rio Arriba county for many years.", "nd 25 percent in all other units, except the Frenchman, which was down 8 percent. Whitetail buck harvest also decreased on the following permits: Landowner (41 percent), Youth (37 percent), Archery (36 percent) and Muzzleloader (32 percent).\n\u201cStatewide mule deer and whitetail populations are similar to population numbers of 10 years ago,\u201d Hams said. \u201cMost herds will recover over the next four or five years. Loss of habitat due to drought, increased corn and bean production, and a goal to keep deer populations at a level acceptable to most landowners will likely keep deer numbers well below those seen the past few years.\u201d\nThe Nebraska Game and Parks Board of Commissioners will consider deer and other big game recommendations for 2013 at a meeting March 8 in Kearney. The deer season recommendations are designed to allow for controlled herd growth in most areas of the state. Staff recommends a reduction of approximately 4,000 deer permits and 86,000 bonus antlerless deer tags.\nTo view the recommendations, visit: http://www.sos.ne.gov/dyindex.html", "What is the relationship between the scale factor and the area of similar triangles according to the text", "What are some tax considerations for older Americans mentioned in the text", "What are residents reminded to do regarding snow removal during winter storms in Duluth", "Why should you deadhead petunias", "Donald Trump has many admirable qualities, among them his \u201cvery good brain\u201d and his very selective memory. But if you\u2019ve seen him on the campaign trail lately, you might\u2019ve noticed yet another of his attributes: his perfect politician\u2019s bod.\nPoliticians have all sorts of tricks for maintaining their figures during the presidential race, and although Trump has talked about his exercise regimen, he hasn\u2019t been quite as forthcoming about his campaign diet.\nLuckily, the New York Times published a breakdown of Trump\u2019s usual fare. It includes:\n\u201cA \u2018fish delight,\u2019 sometimes, right?\u201d Mr. Trump told Anderson Cooper at a CNN town-hall-style meeting in February, extolling the virtues of McDonald\u2019s. \u201cThe Big Macs are great. The Quarter Pounder. It\u2019s great stuff.\u201d\n\u201cThere\u2019s never any real planning for food,\u201d said one, between events on Friday. \u201cIt\u2019s always just whatever he is craving, which is", "What are some of Donald Trump's preferences regarding food and how does he manage his calorie intake", "hance. There will be event cars \u2013 special runs of die cast models dedicated to this show \u2013 as well as real show cars and the folks who built them. Vendors, special bonus attractions, in-room trading (the coolest way to stock up on the models you always wanted \u2013 and couldn\u2019t find) and all-day, all night fun will make this an event for serious collectors and their families. And what happens in Vegas \u2013 is always cool.\nWe\u2019ll keep you posted on celebrities and event developments as the date draws near\u2026 but trust us, this is a show you DO NOT WANT TO MISS! Click the link below to get ticket and event pricing \u2013 and we\u2019ll see you in Vegas", "What are the two basic rules for deadheading petunia plants", "How does the forecast function in EViews treat log-levels in relation to error correction form", "LINCOLN, Neb. \u2013 Drought and an outbreak of epizootic hemorrhagic disease (EHD) in 2012 caused significant reductions in whitetail deer populations, permit sales and harvest.\nThe Nebraska Game and Parks Commission responded to the outbreak in October by reducing antlerless permit quotas and hunters responded by purchasing fewer permits and harvesting fewer deer.\nDeer permit sales in 2012 declined 13 percent to 122,214. Total deer harvest fell 30 percent to 60,548. The whitetail buck harvest fell 29 percent to 26,309; whitetail antlerless harvest dropped 36 percent to 24,974; mule deer buck harvest declined 3 percent to 7,325; and the mule deer antlerless harvest fell 8 percent to 1,940.\n\u201cMule deer were less affected by EHD, but there has been significant mortality due to meningeal worms over the past five years,\u201d said Kit Hams, Game and Parks\u2019 big game program manager.\nWhitetail buck harvest declined 50 percent in the Calamus West and Loup West units in 2012, 35 percent in Calamus East, Elkhorn, Keya Paha, Loup East, Missouri and Wahoo units, a", ", upon any of the public sidewalks, ways or other public grounds, Of snow or accumulations thereof for the purpose of removing such snow or accumulation thereof from any lot, tract or parcel of land, is hereby prohibited. No person, as owner, lessee, occupant, tenant or agent, of any lot, parcel or tract of land, shall allow, authorize, direct or permit another to do or cause to be done any of the things forbidden by this Section. (Ord. No. 6871, \u00a7 10.)\nYour cooperation is requested in minimizing the need for enforcement action.\n***If you have a question regarding snow removal contact: Kelly Fleissner, City of Duluth Maintenance Operations at (218) 730-4491.**", "After each and every flower we drew together she would sign it with a cute, RK to signify that it was done by us.\nMy favorite part of the day with my new friend, Raniyah, was when she drew me in the sand and when we drew the Moana flower together. I showed her how to make a circle using the opposite end of the rake by holding it out and turning around until it was a complete circle then she told me which way to shape the pedals and how many of them to draw. As she drew me I made sure to stay still so she could get a good look and capture my beauty and small details. The results were absolutely fabulous, she was inspired by Rusenny's drawing of Kimberly, and she did a wonderful job. Later throughout the day as the tide pulled back further and further, we went searching for periwinkles and hermit crabs in the mud", "Free Online Casino Slots\nYou can test your skills prior to playing real online casino games for Kazoom casino real money. These games are typically similar to those you\u2019ll find in a traditional casino, however, the Mystakey are much safer. You can learn the rules, improve your strategy, and even earn some free coins. The biggest difference between playing casino games online and real money games is that they do not require a deposits. You won\u2019t learn to play bluff or make huge bets when playing online slots for free.\nPlaying free slots is a great method to get a taste of how the games function. These games are often very entertaining and let you test all the features and options without taking on any risk with money. The real money versions of these games utilize deposits, so you have access to all of their features. You can play for free on slots for enjoyment or even play for real money. There is no risk, and you will not lose any money.\nThese games provide a great opportunity to practice your skills. A lot of these games are linked to slots, which means you\u2019ll have a greater chance of winning. The greatest part is that these games are entirely free to play, so you don\u2019t need to worry about losing any money! These games can also be used as a trial prior to you purchase them.\nThese games behave just like their real-money counterparts in the free version. The reels spin, the payout table and all other aspects are exactly the same. You can play these games without risking any money and thus you can unwind and learn before playing for real. You\u2019ll have the chance to win lots of money without spending even a penny. You can win even though you\u2019re playing for free! You can play for fun or earn money. It\u2019s fun!\nIt\u2019s a great method to test the online casino before you decide to play for real money. In addition to giving you the chance to play various games and games, these games also have cash-out limits.", "What mental tricks did the author use to remember the name of the actor who played Will Farrell's father in the movie", "Who is discussing their work in the exhibition 'Through a Woman\u2019s Lens'", "What are the specifications for the cleaning path width and required amperage of this item", "Program\nA two-week program during the Winter Break of fun activities.\nSpring Break Program\nOffers children two weeks of fun activities during Spring Break.\nFebruary Break Program\nDuring February break for a week of fun at multi-activities camp.\nSummer Break Program\nFour weeks of fun activities - options for whole weeks, morning or afternoons.\nWe also offer weekend programs throughout the year including basketball leagues and STEM Saturdays (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics", "ew CivicClerk integrated product offering.\u201d\nPer Doug Shumway, BoardSync Co-Founder, the partnership with CivicPlus will also offer a more comprehensive solution for the existing clients of both entities.\n\u201cBy combining with CivicPlus, our clients will have access to an expanded portfolio of integrated solutions tailored for local government, including website design, human resource management, emergency notifications, and parks and recreation management,\u201d said Shumway. \u201cIn addition, CivicPlus\u2019 clients will be able to integrate our existing agenda management, meeting minutes, board portal, and public engagement solutions into their CivicEngage websites. Our partnership is a win-win for everyone.\"\nCivicPlus is the integrated technology platform for local government, working with over 2,500 local governments including municipalities, counties, and municipal departments. CivicPlus has been selected by Inc. Magazine as \u201cOne of the Fastest-Growing Privately Held Companies in the U.S.\u201d since 2011. For more information visit CivicPlus.com.", "What types of programs are offered for different school breaks and throughout the year", "What unique focus does the History department at SOAS have compared to other UK and North American History departments", "Oz.\nCleaning Path Width: 3.0 \"\nAmperage Required: 15.6 Amps\nWeight: 3.0 Lb.\nBattery: Required, included: 1 nickle metal hydride\nTo obtain a copy of the manufacturer\u2019s warranty for this item, please call Target Guest Services at 1-800-591-3869.\n- Online Item #: 13039667\n- Store Item Number (DPCI): 072-07-0901\n- Item can be gift wrapped", "response, but I have yet to hear from any of them. If I do, I\u2019ll let you know. I did, however, go to their corporate websites.\nAs part of this commitment we seek to ensure that the sourcing of all of our products and services is performed in compliance with the highest legal and ethical standards of social responsibility. We are committed to continuing to evolve our standards and practices to insure the highest standards are being met in rapidly changing global economy.-Family Dollar\nPart of the value we strive to provide is the assurance that our business is being run the right way; that we are following best practices; that we conduct all aspects of the business with honest, integrity and respect; and that we are good stewards of the environment.-Dollar Tree\nDid you know Dollar stores have a combined sales of 36 billion dollars and operate more stores than Walmart?\nIf you\u2019d like to sign the petition go to change.or", "What activities did the narrator and Raniyah enjoy doing together at the beach", "Who is Benny Salvador modeled after", "Savvy Secrets of Successful Mistresses\nnytheatre.com review by Ed Malin\nJuly 9, 2013\nIt's a musical one-woman-plus-accompanist show about how to be a good mistress, or rather, how to be America's Next Top Mistress. Dr. Faith (Lisa Faith Phillips) is a best-selling author who wants the women of the world to know how they can control men and themselves. With help from keyboardist Mistress Ethel (Ellen Mandel), she sings her way through seven indispensable lessons. In case you weren't listening, each lesson is punctuated with a smack of her crop.\nPerhaps surprisingly, some of these lessons are the work of men. The song \"Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend\" (words: Leo Robin, music: Jule Styne) is in the show program, and those who don't sing along face consequences. In the song, we learn that women need to accumulate wealth in order to stand on their own. The funny part is how Dr. Faith takes this to the next level. She relates that men own 97% of the wealth, and that women commit 3% of all violent crimes. She concludes that it is nice to have a mirror on your glass ceiling, and that is where you can see Hillary's crack.\nMore lessons explain how to be a bad", "What is Jennifer Beals advocating for through her campaign on change.org regarding Dollar stores", "ormula\")\nMultiplying the whole thing by x is simple: all we have to do is stick an x onto each term. This will give x^3+2x^2+x.", "Expand the product \\( (x+1)^2 \\cdot x\\) .\n(x+1)^2 * x\nTo start, we see that (x+1)^2 is x^2+2x+1 (using the unofficial square \"f", "What types of food does Donald Trump enjoy eating during his campaign", "Imagine confidently stepping into the spotlight, poised to share your financial expertise and insights with the world. It's not just a dream \u2013 it's a reality waiting for you with FPA's on-demand, virtual Media Mastery 2.0, developed with AdvisorPR and hosted exclusively through the FPA Learning Center.\nMedia Mastery 2.0\nFPA\u2019s virtual, on-demand media training program for financial planners.\nElevate Your Presence with Media Mastery 2.0\nIt's more than just a course; it's a prerequisite for financial planners like you who aim to drive impact in working within the world of media relations and want to speak with authority and confidence.\nMedia Mastery 2.0: Module 0\nYou\u2019ll dive into the inner workings of the FPA MediaSource platform,", "What professional achievements did Emmanuel Farhi have", "What is the location and date of the DCX SuperConvention that Die Cast X will be sponsoring", "covered in brown pods, you\u2019ll have a bushy plant with constant blooms through the entire growing season.\nPetunia Deadheading Info\nLearning how to deadhead petunia plants is one of the simplest jobs in the flower garden. The basic petunia deadheading info consists of two rules: clip off the blooms once they turn brown and cut the stems directly above the next set of leaves.\nThis job is simple enough for school children to complete and often makes a good chore for kids to help in the garden. You can remove the blooms by pinching them off with a thumbnail, but it\u2019s easier to use a pair of snips, scissors, or garden shears. Little gardeners can even use their safety school scissors, turning them into their very own first gardening tool.\nFollow the stem down to a pair of leaves and clip it right above. The plant will bush out, creating even more flowers than before.", "Who caught the tying touchdown pass for the Cowboys in the game", "What event associated with Susan Meiselas and Lisa Sutcliffe at the Milwaukee Art Museum was scheduled for April 16, 2020, and ultimately canceled", "What activities did Kharliyah and Raniyah engage in while they were at Carson Beach", "What is FPA's Media Mastery 2.0 and what does it aim to provide for financial planners", "If you\u2019ve been looking for a treadmill but are confused with which to proceed with, then that\u2019s pretty normal. With tons of varieties available, choosing one that\u2019s loaded with options is undoubtedly a tedious task. Well, not anymore! Here, in this article, we\u2019ll talk about which could be the best treadmill for you. Keep reading!\nFirst things first, which treadmill to choose depends on the type of workout you are looking for. Some people aim for an intense workout while others want to just tone their body by working moderately. Depending on what your target is, you need to make a choice. So, which one is best for you depends on what your target is. Having said that here\u2019s a list of treadmills out there that you can choose from as per your requirement.\n- Standard home treadmills: These are the most basic treadmills that one can possibly think of. This is ideal for those who are into light jogging or walking. Also, if you\u2019re looking for a treadmill under a budget then treadmills under this category should be an alternative to consider. Now, many might assume these treadmills to be boring. However, this isn\u2019t the case. Many models in the market today come with features that enable you to enjoy your workout experience. Refrain from buying a standard treadmill if you have long workout hours or there are multiple users. T-series NordicTrack treadmills offer great model options that are suitable for regular workouts.\n- Commercial treadmills: These are high-end treadmills", "What commitment is mentioned by Family Dollar regarding the sourcing of products and services", "her you are looking to put your children through college or buy a vacation home, a financial planner will coach you on how to properly create and maintain an optimal cash reserve.\u201d\nRetirement Planning: Your exit from the workforce\n\u201cMost people believe this just covers personal savings and investments, but financial planners will also help you make the most of government and employee benefit plans.\u201d\nTax Reduction: A strategy for Uncle Sam\n\u201cAt its core, this is all about creating a game plan that minimizes long term income taxes and tax liabilities.\u201d\nEstate Planning: Protecting your legacy\n\u201cTo put it simply, estate planning helps create a future for the people you care about after you\u2019re gone. With the support of a financial planner, you can determine your exposure to estate and inheritance taxes and outline appropriate estate planning methods.\u201d\nIs financial planning right for me? Where do I start?\nThere\u2019s a big glaring myth that financial planning is only for the ultra-wealthy, which is simply not true. \u201cI hear this a lot; my first response is usually that the people that are wealthy did some sort of planning to help maximize their wealth\u201d says Ryan. The fact of the matter is that there is always something you can do to take steps towards a better future, regardless of income level.\nWhen it comes to choosing a firm or advisor suited to your needs, doing your research is vital. \u201cYou should look for two major qualities in a financial planner: experience and trust\u201d said Ryan. Online resources like BrokerCheck by FINRA allow users to look up individual agents to confirm industry experience, certifications, and the history of their practice.\nIn order to be the \u201cgo-to guy\u201d for each of his clients, Ryan and other planners focus keenly on building a relationship of trust. \u201cTo properly take a holistic approach to someone finances, it\u2019s imperative that we foster an open dialog with clearly stated goals. Without trust between both parties, this cannot be done.", "Duluth Police Issue Stern Warning and Reminder Of Illegal Snow Removal\nThe Duluth Police Department has received complaints about snow removal since our last Winter Storm.With more snow on the way, people are reminded to park on the right side of the street, shovel your walks for Postal workers, and pay attention to where you are moving the snow to.\nFrom duluthmn.gov . A reminder to citizens that it is illegal to remove snow from you property and place it upon any city streets, sidewalks, alleys or other public grounds.\nSee attached City Ordinance:\nSec. 45-73. Depositing, etc., accumulations of snow on lots, etc., prohibited.The depositing, placing or throwing", "How does the history of SOAS reflect its imperial origins and the teaching dynamics regarding Asia and Africa", "Yes, it\u2019s true: Die Cast X will be sponsoring the premier event in the die cast (and resincast) hobby starting in 2014 as the DCX SuperConvention rolls through Las Vegas, Nevada in February 2014. The show is already deep into the planning stages, with a promised lineup of celebrities, car folks, TV and movie personalities \u2013 and a serious dose of cars, both real and in scale!\nWant to meet the designers of some of your favorite model cars? Done. Want to rub elbows with folks as crazy about collecting die cast as you are? No problem. Want to join the crowd that brings out the best collecting experience, year after year? Here\u2019s your c", "News HighlightsPage address: http://www.mnsu.edu/news/read/?id=old-1456765461&paper=topstories\nGrant Funds Book of 19th Century Dakota Letters\nLetters were written by Dakota people in Minnesota from 1838 to 1878.\nKristine Goodrich, Mankato Free Press, 2-29-2016\nMANKATO -- A more than 150-year-old letter translated this month by a team led by a Minnesota State University, Mankato professor sheds new light on a group of Dakota men once thought of as traitors.\nThe letter described how Dakota men were forced to serve as scouts for Henry Hastings Sibley and Alfred H. Sully in their search for Dakota people who did not surrender after the U.S.-Dakota War of 1862.\n\u201cSometimes those Dakota men have been characterized as traitors for serving as scouts, but this letter writer said that \u2018every fourth man was chosen\u2019 from those being held as prisoners; that puts a much different light on the situation,\u201d Minnesota State Mankato professor Gwen Westerman said.\nWesterman recently received a $195,000 grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities to translate letters written by Dakota people in Minnesota from 1838 to 1878. The translated letters will become the centerpieces of a book, which likely will be published by the Minnesota Historical Society Press", "girl, how to live in the big city, and how not to have guilty thoughts. The self-control needed to be an independent woman, Dr. Faith implies, comes from being a dominatrix.\nDr. Faith and Mistress Ethel often stand there chortling escatically about their past conquests, or having whip battles. But there is much more to learn: why you need neither to understand the man nor to be understood. How you can avoid cooking 40 years' worth of marital meals in exchange for one day in a white dress. The audience seemed engaged. The show illustrates that the bored married men and women who have affairs have been married a long time. Perhaps some of the humor and pathos of this went over my head. However, I relate to the elegant music in this piece, including Marlene Dietrich riffs and other displays of unforgettable feminity. I think this show will succeed nicely in the Edinburgh Festival Fringe, where it is headed next month.\nThis is the nytheatre.com archive.\nThis searchable archive contains more than 7,000 reviews of NYC productions, from 1996 through 2013. nytheatre.com was the primary program of The New York Theatre Experience, Inc. (NYTE), during that period.", "s to love all for in that sense there is no \u201cother\u201d.\nFor any friends possibly freaking out, this is the Common English Bible translation of the phrase more familiarly rendered as, Son of Man. I rather like the CEB for is brave choice and striking non-dual understanding.", "What themes does Dr. Faith's show address regarding independence and relationships in the context of modern city life", "What do the Media Mastery 2.0 modules cover, and what are the costs for FPA members and nonmembers", "What measures has Jimmy Johns taken in response to the incident involving stolen credit card information", "What initiatives has Peyton Manning been involved with to support at-risk youth and community causes", "more often than not McDonald\u2019s.\u201d\nTaco bowls from Trump Tower Grill. (Note: These are only available on Cinco de Mayo.)\nAnd, when he has a night back at Trump Tower, Melania\u2019s home cooking.\nHe once praised the \u201cimagination\u201d of his wife, Melania, in the kitchen \u2014 before citing, as examples of her culinary derring-do, spaghetti and meat sauce, salads and meatloaf. (He still keeps a copy of his mother\u2019s meatloaf recipe.)\nBut, as the Times notes, Trump is conscientious about his choices:\nHowie Carr, a Boston Herald columnist, recalled traveling on Mr. Trump\u2019s plane and watching him rip the buns off his McDonald\u2019s patties before plying the burgers with ketchup. (\u201cDo you know how many calories you save that way?\u201d Mr. Trump asked Mr. Carr.) And Mr. Trump also told US Weekly that he tries to save calories on pizza. (\u201cI scrape the toppings off my pizza \u2014 I never eat the dough,\u201d he said.)", "What is a key difference between free online casino games and real money casino games", "- This event has passed.\nCANCELED-In Conversation: Susan Meiselas and Lisa Sutcliffe (Associated Programming at the Milwaukee Art Museum)\nApril 16, 2020 @ 6:15 pm - 7:15 pmFree\nPlease join the Union Art Gallery at the Milwaukee Art Museum\u2019s associated", "What types of attractions and activities can attendees expect at the event in Vegas", "It fundamental to being fully human, this thing the wholly Human One* is said to have said. The question rests in how or whether we love ourselves, that is the determinative aspect of this universal truth.\nMay we properly and well love ourselves and step beyond ourselve", "I met the most precious 7 year old little girl at Carson Beach this Friday, her name is Raniyah. Which reminds me of my name, Kharliyah. She was a sweet little lady who enjoyed watching Moana and reminded me how much I looked like Moana. We got along swimmingly and stuck together for the time being while we sand raked away singing songs like Shiny as time ticked by. We went through our list of flowers given to us by Andres Amador, and I showed her some techniques to use while sand raking to really help the display of the flowers become visible. We were able to draw most of the flowers and she was a quick learner. She had no problem sharing the rake with me and we took turns creating different parts of each design. For example if I started the flower off with the circle she would draw the petals and vice versa.", "David Edgerley Gates lives in Santa Fe, New Mexico. The author of the Placido Geist bounty hunter stories, a series of noir Westerns, he is a past nominee for the Shamus, the Edgar, and the International Thriller Writers award. He recently completed THE BONE HARVEST, a sequel to his Cold War spy novel, BLACK TRAFFIC. His next book is titled EXIT WOUNDS.\n\u201cMany of my characters seem to me to be accidental", "What factors are contributing to the current mule deer and whitetail population levels according to the text", "where you'll discover the technical aspects of the system and the 11 essential keys to make it work for you. It's FREE for FPA Members and required for access to FPA MediaSource!\nMedia Mastery 2.0: Modules 1-4\nThese modules will walk you through the foundations of public relations, how to prepare for an interview, best interview practices, advanced public relations strategies, and more. These modules are available to FPA Members for $99 or $199 for nonmembers.\nGet Connected to Journalists\nThrough our media query system, FPA will connect you with journalists compiling personal finance stories. We'll vet media queries on your behalf, and present you the opportunity to respond. Completion of Media Mastery 2.0: Module 0 is required.", "What is the title of David Edgerley Gates's next book after THE BONE HARVEST", "said. \"Trying to determine what will happen, all of that will get in the way of us preparing for the Redskins.\"\nThe Cowboys pulled within a touchdown on a 16-yard pass from Romo to Dwayne Harris and got the ball back with 1:29 remaining. Romo led the Cowboys 64 yards in seven plays, capped by the tying toss to Austin, who caught the ball on his knees in the end zone. It was Dallas' third overtime game in the past five at home.\n\"There was no panic,\" Brees said. \"It was almost like we knew the game would come down to something like this. We just wanted that opportunity and the defense gave it to us.\"\nRomo also had a pair of 58-yard scoring passes to Dez Bryant, who had a career-high 224 yards receiving. Romo completed 26 of 43 passes and broke his own franchise record for passing yards in a season. He has 4,685.\nThe Saints, coming off a 41-0 blowout of Tampa Bay, took the lead in the third quarter after a 54-yard punt pinned Dallas at its 3. On the first play, Curtis Lofton stripped DeMarco Murray and Lofton recovered at the 5. Brees found Pierre Thomas open at the goal line for a 24-17 lead.\nBrees was 37-of-53 passing in the ninth 400-yard game of his career.\nThe Cowboys put the Saints at their 2 with a 63-yard punt on their next possession, but Brees responded with a touchdown drive keyed by a 60-yard completion to Colston, who had 153 yards receiving. Colston broke a tackle by Gerald Sensabaugh before Sterling Moore ran him down at the Dallas 3.\nThe Saints turned a 14-7 deficit late in the first half into a 17-14 halftime lead in the final 1:11.\nBrees led a 90-yard scoring drive that included Vitt changing his mind and going on fourth-and-1 from the Dallas 23. A completion to Colston was overturned on replay, but Cowboys linebacker Anthony Spencer lined up offside to give the Saints a first down anyway. Brees threw a 6-yard scoring pass to Lance Moore three plays later.\nNOTES: Dallas tight end Jason Witten had two catches in OT, breaking Tony Gonzalez's NFL season record of 102 catches for a tight end set in 2004. Witten has 103. ... Cowboys LB Ernie Sims left in the first half with dizziness a week after sustaining a concussion. ... Saints CB Jabari Greer, who had two interceptions last week, left the game with a concussion.\nCopyright 2012 by The Associated Press", "What factors should you consider when choosing a treadmill according to the text", "What concerns the author has about their memory lapses and potential cognitive decline", "What notable influences and styles are present in the soundscapes of Les Agamemnonz's collection 'Amateurs'", "Actress and mom, Jennifer Beals, uses change.org to challenge all Dollar stores to phase out toxic chemicals and to stop exposing their children, customers and employees to unnecessary risks.\nBeals said a new report found at least one toxic chemical in nearly every product at Dollar stores. Chemicals linked to learning disabilities, brain development, cancer and other serious illnesses.\nThis is not simply a toxic chemical issue, it\u2019s a social justice issue, said Beals\nDollar stores often serve low-income neighborhoods as well as seniors on a budget. Beals said her family shopped at Dollar stores when she was a child because they didn\u2019t have enough money to go elsewhere.\nI can\u2019t imagine my child being exposed to such terrible chemicals at such a young age because companies are not standing behind their responsibility to protect consumers, she said.\nI reached out to Dollar stores listed in the petition and requested a", "What award did Peyton Manning win in 2015 and for what qualities is it given", "isk, not those entered manually or online.\nThe stolen information includes card numbers, and in some cases, the card's verification code, expiration date, and the cardholder's name.\nIn response, Jimmy Johns has installed encrypted swipe machines, implemented system enhancements and reviewed its policies and procedures for third party vendors. It's also offering complementary identity protection services", "ARLINGTON, Texas -- Drew Brees and the New Orleans Saints won't go to the playoffs in their season without suspended coach Sean Payton. The Dallas Cowboys might still get there, but they'll need to win next week.\nPlaying near Payton's home in a Dallas suburb, Brees threw for 446 yards and three touchdowns and led a drive to Garrett Hartley's winning 20-yard field goal in overtime, and the Saints kept the Cowboys' playoff hopes on ice with a 34-31 overtime victory on Sunday.\nThe Saints (7-8), who started 0-4 after being stunned by the yearlong ban for Payton in the team's bounty scandal, lost their faint playoff hopes when the Minnesota Vikings beat the Houston Texans, and had to hold off a two-touchdown rally in the final 3:35 from the Cowboys.\n\"We're never going to let anyone tell us we're not playing for something,\" Brees said. \"We knew there were a lot of things that had to happen. We wanted to worry about the things we could control. What would have been worse is if Minnesota had lost and we had lost.\"\nAfter New Orleans forced a punt on the first possession of overtime, Brees moved the Saints to the Cowboys 33. He completed a pass to Marques Colston, who took a couple of steps before Morris Claiborne stripped the ball, sending it rolling about 20 yards to the Dallas 2.\nJimmy Graham, who said he dislocated a finger on a 26-yard catch to start the drive, won a scrum with Cowboys safety Eric Frampton, and the completion that started the bizarre play was held up on review, clearing the way for Hartley's kick.\n\"I looked at the replay and I knew there was a fumble,\" Claiborne said. \"I was looking at it saying, 'Please, let the pass be incomplete.'\"\nThe Cowboys (8-7), who had their third consecutive game decided on the last play, had retaken control of their playoff hopes with a three-game winning streak. Despite the loss, Dallas' postseason hopes remained healthy when the New York Giants lost to the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday. The Cowboys face the Washington Redskins on the road in next week's finale, with a chance to make the playoffs as NFC East champions with a victory. Their chances of making the postseason as a wild card are remote.\n\"When you are in this situation, you have to go forth like you are playing for a playoff spot,\" Dallas defensive end Marcus Spears", "ame length in the larger triangle\u2013we\u2019d multiply the length in the smaller triangle by the scale factor and it would be the length in the larger triangle. So this is an incredibly powerful tool scale factor.\nHere\u2019s a practice problem, pause the video and then we\u2019ll talk about this.\nOkay, so we have a segment that is parallel to the side so we know that we have two similar triangles. FJ = 4, that little segment, and GH and also JH = 20. So GH is that opposite side and JH is part of that side and we want to find the length EJ.\nWell, first of all let\u2019s compare the two sides that are obviously corresponding sides. So we take the ratio of GH over FJ. This is gonna be the scale factor and of course this is 20 over 4, so this is 5. So we don\u2019t know EJ. So let\u2019s just call that x.\nThat\u2019s the thing we\u2019re looking for, we don\u2019t know it. We do know that EH would have to be 5x, it would have to be 5 times that length. Well, the number that we\u2019re actually given is JH. Well, notice that JH, that\u2019s 20. Of course that has to equal EH- EJ. So that\u2019s 5x- x, which is 4x.\nWell now we can solve for X. X = 5 and that\u2019s the length of EJ. That\u2019s a very easy problem to solve, using the idea of scale factor. Now, we\u2019ll talk about similar figures and area.\nRare Topic \u2014 But Could Be Tested\nThis is a relatively rare topic that may show up on more challenging questions.\nSo this is not always going to show up, but this could show up. If we know that every length in one shape gets multiplied by a scale factor to create another shape, then what is the relationship between the areas of the two shapes? Let\u2019s think about this for triangles. We know that the area of a triangle is given by area equals one-half base times height.\nSuppose each length increases by a scale factor k. Then b is multiplied by k, And h is also multiplied by k. That\u2019s two factors of k. This means that the area is multiplied by two factors of k, in other words, k squared. When lengths are multiplied by k, area is multiplied by k squared.\nHere\u2019s a practice problem. Pause the video and then we\u2019ll talk about this.\nSo clearly the scale factor is the ratio of 30 divided by 6, which is 5. The scale factor is 5, the scale factor squared is 25. The area is multiplied by 25. So the small one has an area of 12, the large one must have an area of 25 times 12.\nFor that, we\u2019ll use the doubling and halving trick. Double 25 to 50 halve 12 to 6, do it again. Actually, we don\u2019t even need to do it again. 6 times 50 is 300, that\u2019s pretty easy to see. So that\u2019s the area of the larger triangle. Here\u2019s a harder practice problem.\nHarder Practice Problem\nPause the video and then we\u2019ll talk about this.\nSo clearly we have two similar triangles CDB and CAE, and BD corresponds the side AE. So we set up the ratio AE over BD, this will give us the scale factor. This is 40 divided by 5 which is 8, that\u2019s the scale factor. So the ratio of the areas is gonna be the scale factor squared.\nWell we can easily find the area of that small triangle, it\u2019s just the right triangle with legs of 5 and 10. So that area is gonna be one-half, 5 times 10, that\u2019s gonna be 25. Well the area of the larger triangle is going to be 64 times 25, scale factor squared times the smaller area. For this, we\u2019ll use doubling and halving, half of 64 is 32.\nHalf of 32 is 16, so we get 16 times 100 is 1600. That\u2019s the area of the large triangle, and of course the shaded area is just large triangle minus small triangle. And so that\u2019s gonna be 1600- 25, which is 1575. That\u2019s the area of the shaded region. In summary, similar figures have the same shape but different sizes.\nThey\u2019re like expanded or shrunken down versions of the same shape. The angles in similar figures are always equal. We can prove two triangles are similar if they simply share two angles. Sides in similar figures are proportional, there\u2019s a number of ways we can set up those proportions. The scale factor, k, is the factor by which all lengths in the smaller figure were multiplied to arrive at the lengths in the larger figure.\nAnd finally, and this is the fact that may show up that it\u2019s not necessarily gonna show up, only on more advanced problems. If all the lengths are multiplied by k, then the area is multiplied by the k\u00b2. The scale factor squared", "As long as you\u2019re able to read and understand the terms and conditions of the bonus you\u2019re getting, you\u2019ll be fine with free casinos. But you should be aware that these casinos are not the same as real money casinos. These games are made to provide the same amount of entertainment.\nWhile free online casino games are safer than real-money ones, it is crucial to be aware that winnings can\u2019t be taken away. Also, be aware of the cashout limits when playing free online casino games. It doesn\u2019t matter how huge the bonus is, you will still win big in an online casino. You\u2019ll be able to win once you have mastered the basics.\nFree online casino games are an excellent way to test the waters before you start playing real money games. You can pick the ones you prefer the most. You\u2019ll never lose money playing these games. The best thing to do is take the time to study the game you wish to play. In general you can download no-cost versions of these games. There are many slot machines to pick from, so you\u2019re sure you\u2019ll find one that meets your needs.\nYou can test a range of casino games when playing a game for free. These games are typically restricted in number so you can play for a longer period of time before you begin making real-money purchases. Some of these games have extremely high limits, so you need to read them carefully before you decide to play for real money. The most important thing is having fun! If you\u2019re not sure which one you prefer, go ahead and try them out for yourself.\nYou can enjoy numerous benefits by playing no-cost online casino games. You don\u2019t have to be a professional to win, but you can try your hand at it before playing with real money. You can also get familiar with the rules of these games by playing them. You can also test your strategies by playing games for free. You\u2019ll be more likely win when you do this. This is among the best ways to learn the rules of various casino games.", "This convenient hand vacuum cleaner is bagless and cordless. Quickly and easily clean corners in the home, vacuum the car or clean dust from hardwood floors with this vacuum. The battery-powered vacuum includes a charger.\nRecommended Surface Application: Multi-Surface\nFilter Type: Standard\nRun Time: 17 minutes\nCapacity (volume): 20.6", "What recent achievement did Minnesota State University, Mankato professor Gwen Westerman accomplish regarding 19th century Dakota letters", "sy to play in Android system. So download the game APK file from Androidsmobileapps.Com and let\u2019s start the game to enjoy!\nIn the game many features are available; some main features are listed here.\nFeatures of Unicorn Dash:\nJust one click on the screen to start dash with the powerful horse.\nNice and cool graphics.\n3 Dash\u2019s in one game.\nEasy to work or play.\nCompletely free game.\nHD sound or music.\nAnd much more features are available in the game.\nHow to download and install Unicorn Dash game?\nVery easy! First, download Unicorn Dash latest game APK file from my site at the end of this webpage.\nWhen downloaded completely, click here on APK file to install it on your device.\nAfter installing completed, open and launch it on your device to play this game easily", "What is the result of multiplying the expression by x", "What were the playoff implications for the New Orleans Saints and the Dallas Cowboys after their game"]}