{"q_indices": [76, 118, 15, 29, 40, 25, 33, 111, 109, 110, 27, 125, 5, 105, 124, 122, 82, 11, 80, 57, 117, 28, 112, 56, 64, 71, 123, 101, 26, 95, 32, 65, 37, 77, 116, 99, 46, 90, 72, 126, 113, 53, 0, 74, 94, 21, 106, 62, 67, 88, 22, 114, 24, 42, 75, 127, 91, 93, 107, 85, 59, 8, 89, 100], "a_indices": [92, 103, 10, 73, 79, 86, 12, 2, 3, 120, 38, 31, 97, 115, 55, 54, 19, 30, 58, 61, 81, 83, 52, 39, 20, 78, 23, 98, 69, 84, 68, 50, 66, 121, 6, 60, 108, 34, 7, 4, 41, 16, 96, 9, 70, 13, 36, 17, 51, 49, 43, 104, 102, 63, 35, 48, 44, 45, 47, 18, 14, 87, 119, 1], "texts": ["How many people get sick every year after coming into contact with raw sewage at the beach", "of what that feast might look (and taste) like. It's fun, a bit silly and pretty tasty if we do say so ourselves.\nSilk Laminated Softcover, 8 x 8 inches\n32 pages, full colour original illustrations and text by Flo Leung\nIndie published & manufactured in Canad", "is the Wednesday before each session begins. Lessons begin in June. Registration is $40 per child, per session, and may be done at the Summit Fitness Center, Wilson Recreation Center, or Sammons Indoor Pool or may be called in with a credit card.\nSummit Membership is not required. NO REGISTRATIONS WILL BE TAKEN AT THE OTHER POOLS! Click here to see the schedule.\nFor more information contact 298-5930 or email email@example.co", "The summer annuals have long gone and the fall mums are only a frozen crispy burnt shadow of their former self. If you have a spot by your front door that just seems to call out for a potted plant, consider creating your own holiday flower pot. The process is actually quite simple and will give you several months of color and beauty during the long winter months. The key to creating a holiday or winter pot is finding enough material to give a nice variation in color and texture. Many of the items I use in winter pots I can find in my yard. Cutting a few branches and stems for some late fall pruning can be done with discretion and accomplished without disfiguring the plant. Remember to use the same pruning techniques that you normally would with the goal of giving the plant a healthier shape. If your yard is bare of evergreens you can purchase material from garden centers, big box stores, or Christmas tree yards. You can also find material along roadsides and parks.\n-Evergreen branches are the backbone of any winter pot, I like to work with 2-5 different types for texture and contrast. Examples would be spruce, pine and juniper. Larger pots would need at least 5-10 branches of each depending on the size.\n-Red elements for color such as red twig dogwood stems, red crabapple berry branches, red Rose hips (seed heads of the flower buds), or even red twigs of a Barberry (note of caution these will have thorns as well as the rose hips).\n-Brown elements for texture, color-contrast, and shape variation such as native grasses, cattails, hydrangea flowers and perennial flower seed heads.\nHow to do it:\nStep 1: Start with an existing pot in which the soil is not frozen. Remove the summer/fall flowers and break up or remove any thick mass of roots. If too much soil is removed in this process, add some more or add some play sand instead of soil. If the pot is frozen beyond thawing, you might have to buy a new one. If that\u2019s the case and you bought a big pot, then fill the bottom with mulch and place a 3-5 inch layer of sand on top, otherwise the pot will get too heavy with all t", "to reproduce the power of Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. It failed.\nThe original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs. Chuck Norris. The movie was cancelled shortly after it's production. No one would pay good money to see a movie 9 seconds long.\nChuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.\nChuck Norris doesn't read. He stares the books down until he gets the information he needs.\nChuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a guy so hard, his kick went back in time and killed Amelia Earhart as she was flying over the pacific ocean.\nDon't mess with chuck norris, or, in other words, don't F**k with Chuck.\nPrices shown in USD.\nType your email address below to get our free Urban Word of the Day every morning!\nEmails are sent from firstname.lastname@example.org. We'll never spam you", "What is the condition of the man who was stabbed in Brisbane's north", "Tenzin Choezin was born and brought up in Dharamshala, a small town in northern India. She went to the Tibetan Children\u2019s Village School in upper Dharamshala, and later completed her further studies in English Literature from Madras Christian College in Chennai and Jawaharlal Nehru University in Delhi.\nShe had previously worked for the Dharamshala-based Central Tibetan Women\u2019s Association as its Project Officer, through which she received tr", "Chuck Norris is a fictional man who is believed to be all powerful by a cult following he has on the internet. These Chuck Norris facts will define it way better than I can.\nEvery night before he goes to sleep, the boogeyman checks his closet for Chuck Norris.\nChuck Norris once got angry and roundhouse kicked the ground in a spot. That spot is known as the Pacific ocean.\nChuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.\nChuck Norris once fought superman on a bet. The loser had to wear his pajamas on the outside of his clothes.\nAliens don't cause crop circles. That's Chuck Norris playing with his cereal.\nActually, Chuck Norris died 20 years ago. Death just hasn't had the courage to tell him yet.\nChuck Norris has to use a stunt double for crying scenes.\nThe manhattan project was an attempt", "What defines a good idea for a business according to the text", "each pollution. The Environmental Protection Agency says that more than 3.5 million people in the US get sick every year after coming into contact with raw sewage at the beach. The raw sewage can be in water that looks perfectly fine for a dip; you don\u2019t necessarily know when your swim exposes you to a bacterial nightmare. That\u2019s why the EPA says that 3.5 million figure, in reality, might be a gross underestimate. When people get sick after a swim at the beach, they don\u2019t necessarily know it\u2019s because the water was toxic, which means they don\u2019t report it. Jon barron discusses raw sewage at the beach and beach pollution", "My wipers and interval wipers work but I currently only have one speed with the intervals. If I turn the dial the wipers will stop until I return it to the minimum position. The module clicks and it appears to be working. The car is an 86 and I'm thinking it's the actual wiper switch on the", "What was the outcome of Stewart's first professional game and how many points did she score", "Sign up Now for Temple Parks and Recreation Swim Lessons\nNow is the time to sign up for Temple Parks and Leisure Services Swim Lessons.\nKids can take lessons all summer long. They can graduate from one level and take the next. Lessons will be held at 3 pools. Walker, Clark and the Summit.\nYou can register for up to four sessions (1 class per session) per child at any registration. Registration is underway now and the deadline", "characterized by the sale of the lands while development of the community is still ongoing. The idea is to develop the community as our clients also acquire and develop their homes.\nAlso to afford prospective clients from all classes the opportunity to purchase the properties while its still under development.\nWe are currently undertaking 2 imperial projects namely.\n1. IMPERIAL RESIDENTIAL - Tsopoli\n2. IMPERIAL HAVEN - Miots", "Branding is done with innovation, vision and focus on what the end consumer wants. A great brand does not happen in a day\u2019s work.\nAs far as creating a business and achieving success with it is concerned, the best thing you can do is to make a wise plan and stick to it. If you have a great plan, it is sure to generate revenue and become a successful brand in future. For most entrepreneurs, creating such an idea is quite easy, but the actual execution comes as a challenge for them. Once you create an idea, make sure that it is unique and effective enough to take your business to success. Also create a strategy to incorporate it into your business, and plan how you and your team will execute and stick to it.\nEven if you are entering an industry dominated by popular million dollar corporations, you can achieve success if you enter with a unique strategy, something that even most popular brands do not offer. For instance, if you are starting a footwear company, create a shoe that has something unique to it, such as moisture wicking material, shockers to absorb jerk, anti-odor inner or anything else that most shoe companies do not have. Your unique feature can become your asset, making you stand out from your competitors and attract interested customers. Although a startup company may not have all the", "What issue is the author experiencing with the wipers in their 1986 car", "in about three months, said Thomas Volk, executive vice president of the companys international sales organization. \"The whole corporation is using Salesforce.com\" with about 700 users, he said. \"People like to use it,\" which is more than can be said for other CRM packages on the market, he said. Volk said he has had experience with other CRM packages that offered \"great technology, but it was very hard to enter data and as long as there is no data there is little value\" in the application. Click here to read about the enhanced links between Salesforce.com and Pervasive Software data integration technology. Electronics for Imaging, based in Foster City, Calif., said the company looked at Salesforce.com because it needed a CRM package that \"was going to change and grow with us,\" said Fred Rosenzweig, company president. EFI was literally ready to sign a deal with SAP AG when Salesforce.com called about its service, Rosenzweig said. Because SAP \"didnt follow up with us very well, they lost a deal and they will never get back in,\" he said. EFI has been using Salesforce.com for more than two years, and Rosenzweig said the CRM package \"has been the thread that has held the company together, and we intend to continue to grow with it.\" Check out eWEEK.coms for the latest news, reviews and analysis about customer relationship management solutions.\nSalesforce.com describes Multiforce 1.0 as the industrys first on-demand operating system that allows applications to share a common data and security model running under a Web browser interface", "rd composed of thick locks, the curly hair bound in a foliate wreath, the ties falling onto his shoulders\n8 in. (20.3 cm.) high\nSaid to have been found in Pompeii in 1905.\nAnonymous sale; Hugo Ruff Kunstauktion 393, Munich, 15-18 March 1970, lot 212Y.", "material properties on the decomposition time of limestone under shaft kiln conditions\u201d on page 52 require a lot of attention. They aren\u2019t the sort of thing that you can flick through on a smartphone, but a quick bit of news on who has decided to embark on a new project is something you can read on a mobile. We want to offer you both. Detailed technical reports and the latest research findings in print and news from the industry online.\nI wish you interesting reading in this current issue. And so you don\u2019t have to wait too long until our next issue comes out in print, visit us on Facebook and become part of our community", "One of the more-talked about teams in the WNBA this season is the Seattle Storm. After drafting Breanna Stewart with the top pick in this year\u2019s Draft out of UConn, it is believed the groundwork has been set for the Storm to be a force to be reckoned with for years to come.\nHer inaugural season is also now the subject of an online documentary series.\nThe media production company Cycle is creating a multi-part seri", "Three quick updates.\nIn March I posted the letter I sent UCSF about my experience in the ER last September. After a few emails and an hour long phone conversation with the head of patient relations, I found myself pacing around outside the School of Nursing waiting for 8am to roll around. I had been invited to sit on a panel of transgender patients at a training aimed at front of the house staff on transgender health. I hadn\u2019t realized how nervous I was until I was sitting outside watching streams of young doctors and professionals file into an otherwise quiet building clutching their morning coffee. [Aside: I always assumed that my docs who wore scrubs were clean, but I saw so many scrub-wearing folks wandering around outdoors. Normal?]\nThe lecture hall was packed. I sat down in the second row inconspicuously until the woman in the row ahead turned around and recognized me. It helped that I was a grad student too, but when I mentioned that I studied sea slugs, we had to figure out where else we may have crossed paths. She asked if it was from the Lexington. Being recognized from lesbian spaces by strangers is still complicated. It\u2019s one of the few times I find myself questioning my continued navigation within these spaces \u2013 it\u2019s a different experience questioning if I\u2019m \u201cman enough\u201d when I embrace the safety and community of a lesbian bar while fearful of being \u201cshe-ed\u201d.\nThe workshop had three parts.\nPart one was a mini trans-101 lead by a transgender UCSF doctor, and she completely nailed it with the crowd \u2013 folks were comfortable asking very vulnerable questions. Sitting (almost) anonymously in the audience gave me the chance to figure out what I was going to talk about during my initial 10 mins. Part two was a role play demonstrating scenarios that may happen at the front of the house with trans patients that go wrong, and then how to turn them around. Part three was the trans patient panel. I was disappointed that I was the only person color on the panel, and framed my identities, spoke of my privilege, and the need for recognition that other communities may have different priorities for what safe and accessible health care looks like. Being in a room full of medical staff, students and faculty at the first of what looks to be many of these types of trainings with folks who genuinely care about making trans health better, was incredible. I couldn\u2019t have asked for a better ending to the negative experience I had last fall. Also SF folks who go to UCSF, get ready for some exciting changes.\nIn most of this vi", "What are the two ongoing projects being undertaken by the community development mentioned in the text", "What are some misconceptions about GM wheat mentioned in the text", "Libraries\u2019 staffs and users alike are showing a keen interest in e-learning. Fortunately, there is no shortage of books, peer-reviewed journal articles, and online materials and internet-based resources about best practices in e-learning. However, a review of these sources suggests that libraries are far behind other organizations in developing effective and comprehensive e-learning programs.\nIf we mistakenly believe that e-learning is all about using technology in workplace learning and performance, we will not be successful in providing effective learning opportunities. Excellent e-learning practices that produce measurable results are rooted in the same foundations of the best classroom-based training-teaching-learning programs. These include good planning and follow-up; support and involvement from organizational leaders; better-than-adequate resources; engaged instructors and learners; and a variety of delivery methods.\nTrainer-teacher-learners who are conducting research and documenting the results also cite the importance of providing enough time for learners to absorb the lessons being offered; an organizational commitment to creating, nurturing, and sustaining a community of learners; and effective assessment and evaluation systems that provide the likelihood of improvement at the earliest possible moment in the learning process.\nEffective e-learning, like the best classroom-based instruction, is collaborative, occurring through a variety of formal and informal means. There are one-time sessions and lesson series, each building on previous sessions. Coaching and mentoring, on-the-spot (face-to-face or online) sharing of information among colleagues, learner-initiated reading and research\u2014including use of websites as well as in-house resources\u2014and a variety of other options are becoming prevalent through online social networking tools.\nWhen we think about e-learning, we often mimic our overall approach to technology: We either allow it to inspire us with a sense of awe or we are overwhelmed by it. It is possible to lose sight of the fact that technology is a tool, a means to an end, and not the controlling factor that determines our goals and objectives. Workplace learning and performance need to lead to positive change that benefits organizations\u2014libraries\u2014and the people they serve in measurable ways.\nIf we see the tools of e-learning\u2014the computer network, the learning management system, the programs, and the online social networking tools that help create effective, creative communities of learners\u2014as resources, we realize that we must look at how learning occurs in our libraries. Only then can we produce and engage learners with first-rate e-learning offerings that produce results in line with libraries\u2019 mission, vision, and value statements.\nWe also need to recognize that e-learning technology is evolving so quickly that those of us who are involved in training, teaching, and learning will remain in a perpetual state of learning, which we can turn to our advantage as trainer-teacher-learners. Nothing will make us more effective than developing the ability to move comfortably between each of these three interrelated roles; we can use our own experiences and insights to develop and provide what those who rely on us need most. Attempting to master any one e-learning tool is secondary to having a clear understanding of how e-learning tools function.\nWith all of this in mind, we can argue\u2014and we might even agree\u2014that best practices in e-learning will avoid making the technology the center of our efforts. While we need a basic understanding of what is currently and technologically possible, we also need to take the broader view of what our learning colleagues need, what must be in place within an organization to support their learning efforts, and what can be done to promote the greatest possible returns for all the time and money we invest in our training-teaching-learning efforts.\nBringing e-learning to life\nLibraries are currently in a paradoxical situation. They are the free community centers to which learners increasingly turn when they need help using technology, but they are often far behind what is happening in the training industry as it has developed outside of libraries. Because library staff and patrons often need to use online resources to gain access to what libraries provide, they are at a tremendous disadvantage if they do not have access to training in how to use the tech tools that libraries offer.\nOne significant issue facing library administrators and staff as they consider engaging in e-learning is whether to utilize existing e-learning offerings, either purchased or available at no cost; produce their own; or use a combination of both options. A survey commissioned by WebJunction in 2005 and later published by OCLC suggested, not surprisingly, that e-learning products were more likely to be produced by larger library systems, state libraries, and vendors than by smaller library systems. The Iowa and Maryland state libraries were already making e-learning work by providing content for libraries in their service areas, and a number of statewide training organizations including LibraryU in Illinois and Infopeople in California, regional networks including Amigos and SOLINET (which, in 2009, merged with PALINET to become Lyrasis), and WebJunction (which absorbed the LibraryU learning modules in February 2009) were active content providers of e-learning for library staff.\nAnother significant issue is what library users bring to the library in terms of experiences and expectations and how well or ill-prepared library staff is to respond to those experiences and expectations. Recent national reports indicate that elementary and high school students are increasingly familiar and comfortable with e-learning.\nFurthermore, members of library staff who are still struggling to learn and become comfortable with e-learning options are discovering there is even more to anticipate. The rapid evolution of mobile technology is creating yet another learning format: m-learning\u2014learning opportunities delivered through mobile devices. \u201cMobiles are already in use as tools for education on many campuses,\u201d note writers of the New Media Consortium and Educause Learning Initiative\u2019s 2009 Horizon Report (PDF file), and increasingly \u201csophisticated tools . . . are quickly emerging.\u201d\nIn fall 2008, Abilene (Tex.) Christian University \u201cbecame the first university to distribute Apple iPhones and iPod Touches to the incoming freshman class . . . to explore a new vision for mobile learning\u201d; in spring 2009, the university also hosted a mobile learning summit \u201cfor campuses deploying iPhone and iPod Touch\u2013focused applications, portals, and initiatives in higher education,\u201d according to a press release on the university\u2019s website.\n\u201cThe fact that many students already own and carry mobiles remains a key factor in their potential for education,\u201d the Horizon Report adds.\nGiven that students\u2014many of them library users\u2014are becoming more comfortable with and attracted to e- and m-learning raises a fundamental question for library staff: How can they be uneducated in or uncomfortable with how these tools function if they are to continue serving library patrons in an onsite-online world?\nThe good news for interested library staff is that there are plenty of books and articles to help all of us become grounded in the basic and advanced issues we face as we become adept at e-learning. (An annotated bibliography of resources is available at paulsignorelli.com/PDFs/E-learning_Annotated_Bibliography_June_2009.pdf.) The bad news is that we may currently be concentrating on less than central issues in terms of what produces effective e-learning.\nOCLC\u2019s Trends in E-learning for Library Staff (PDF file), based on a survey that drew 651 responses from across the United States, suggests that e-learning in the library field \u201cis still young,\u201d is attracting interest from a majority", "What is the mission of Be Brave in relation to young people's welfare in the community", "What are some organizational challenges mentioned by the author", "What services does Hello India provide for laptop repair", "What materials are mentioned in the text for various products such as split rings, steel plates, and ropes", "What concern does the author express regarding the perception of abortion and gun rights in the text", "What issue is the person seeking advice about after inspecting the column and wiring", "es which follows Stewart in her first season at the professional level.\nThe first episode of the series, called Season One, puts focus on her first game in the league which was on the road at the Staples Center against the Los Angeles Sparks.\nStewart scored 23 points in her debut in which she played nearly 34 minutes. The Storm fell to the Sparks by a final of 96-66.\nCheck out the first episode of Season One below", "2 Feet or 64 Feet 10mm High-Strength Strength & Details:ends sewed with 2pcs 304 stainless steel O-Shaped hooks, Diameter:10mm, Pull(Max tensile force) :KNlbs), Weight limited :kg, Length:32 feet, 64 feet Wear-Resistant and durable Material:the rope is wrapped with high-strength polyester, which is\nWe have ready stock of 200,300 & 400 Series which is the standard \"18/8\" stainless; Stainless Steel Square Bar is the most versatile and most widely used stainless steel, available in a wider range of products, forms and finishes than any other. It has excellent forming and welding characteristics. The balanced austenitic structure of Grade 304 enables it to be severely deep\nStainless Steel Round Stock McMaster-CarrHigh-Strength 17-4 PH Stainless Steel With a higher chromium content than 15-5 PH stainless steel, this high-strength 17-4 PH offers better corrosion resistance. It\nSteel vs Aluminum:Weight, Strength and Cost Differences Aluminum vs Steel Cost. Cost and price are always an essential factor to consider when making any product. The price of steel and aluminum is continually fluctuating based on global supply and demand, fuel costs and the price and availability of iron and bauxite ore; however steel is generally cheaper (per pound) than aluminum (see galvanized vs stainless for more info on steel).\nGrade type 304 is produced in various carbon levels i.e. T304 & T304L are low carbon grades and T304H is high carbon grade. T304 related specifications are:AISI 304/304L, ASTM A240 and AMS 5513/5511. Chemical Composition\nms plate 10mm, ms plate 10mm Suppliers and 6mm 10mm 12mm 25mm thick mild ms carbon high-strength ehong steel plate price per ton. Contact Supplier. 6mm 10mm 12mm 25mm thick mild ms carbon high-strength steel ship plate price per ton 304 316. US $700.00-$800.00 Mild ms carbon steel plate price per ton KUNDA/laisteel baosteel made in china 6mm 10mm 12mm 25mm thick high-strength\nprice 10mm threaded rod, price 10mm threaded rod A wide variety of price 10mm threaded rod options are available to you, such as din, bs, and gb. You can also choose from general industry, automotive industry, and heavy industry price 10mm threaded rod, as well as from stainless steel, steel price 10mm threaded rod, and whether price 10mm threaded rod is thrread rods m14-m36", "What significant event involving John Cena occurred during the Hell In A Cell Pay-Per-View", "Where are the swim lessons being held for Temple Parks and Recreation", "e, said in a statement. \"Aerie f.i.t. combines fun, inspiration and technical performance in a way that's unique to the marketplace.\"\nThe collection is currently available online and in 20 stand-alone aerie stores across the country, as well as 25 American Eagle stores with aerie shops.\nThe aerie concept was launched in 2006 with intimates and dormwear collections. For the holiday, the company will add personal care items, including a complete lip care line, body washes and lotions, and home fragrance.\nAmerican Eagle plans to have 40 stand-alone aerie stores by the end of the year, and open another 50 to 60 stores in 2008.\nShares of American Eagle on Tuesday closed at $22.36, down 2.5 percent, in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.\nHerm\u00e8s is launching a Laundromat pop-up shop in NYC - dubbed Herm\u00e8smatic - where customers can bring their old scarves to be dip-dyed by an expert. Get all the details on WWD.com. #wwdnews (\ud83d\udcf7: @donstahl)", "Roca bathroom furniture at Modern Living Bathrooms Leeds & Bradford. Sleek, stylish and built to last, Roca produce high quality bathroom furniture and vanity units with great design.\nBradford Sh", "THE PROPERTY OF A EUROPEAN GENTLEMAN\nA ROMAN MARBLE HERM HEAD OF DIONYSUS\nCIRCA 1ST CENTURY A.D.\nWith lidded almond-shaped eyes, prominent cheekbones and a straight nose, the fleshy lips of the small mouth slightly parted, with a long mustache and bea", "What changed for the author regarding their feelings about going to church after coming out as bisexual", "Stainless Steel 304 suppliers in Mumbai, SS 304 material properties, Stainless Steel 304 Products, SS 304 material stockist in India. check Stainless Steel 304 chemical composition, Stainless Steel 304 weight calculator, 304 Stainless Steel price per kg in India\n:10mm split ringPrice and other details may vary based on size and color 500pcs 304 Stainless Steel Split Rings, 5/6/7/8/10mm Double Loop Jump Ring Key Ring for Making. 4.6 out Wild.life Diameter 9mm-16mm Stainless Steel Heavy Duty Fishing Split Rings Kit Fishing Lures Baits Hook Connector High Strength Split Ring Double Loops Jump Rings. 4.3\n10mm Thickness 201 304 321 316L Color Prepainted Mirror 8K 2b Polished Brushed Blech Aus Stahl Stainless Steel Sheet / Steel Coil Pickle Sheet. US $599-799 / Ton. 0.01mm Thickness 201 304 321 316L Perforated Mirror 8K 2b Polished Brushed Blech Aus Stahl Stainless Steel Sheet / Steel Coil Pickle Sheet. US $599-799 / Ton.\nChina 10mm Thickness ASTM A283 A36 Grc A285 Grade C Galvanized Steel Plate, Stainless Steel Plate, Carbon Steel Plate manufacturer / supplier in China, offering 10mm Thickness ASTM A283 A36 Grc A285 Grade C Cold Rolled/ Hot Rolled Carbon/304 201 Stainless/Galvanized Steel Plate Price, Ba 2b Finished Stainless Steel Plate/Coil/Pipes, 201 304 316L 430 Grade 1.5mm Stainless Steel Plate and so on.\nHigh Tensile Steel Plate at Best Price in IndiaThe EN 8 Steel sheets and Plates that we offer to our clients are manufactured using high quality materials. We always aim to provide high quality sheets & Plates at most competitive price, high on quality and durability. These sheets and plates are available in different dimensions and material to ensure wider choice to our clients.\noffers high-strength industry-grade steel 10mm plate price to ensure completion of construction and engineering projects. Buy steel 10mm plate price now at great deals.\nRock Climbing Rope 10mm - 32 Feet Outdoor Safety High And all ropes are woven by the machine, the texture is clear and not easy to loosen during the use [ OUTSTANDING PROPERTY ] Each side of the rope is sewed with 10mm 304 stainless steel O-Shaped hooks, which have passed the professional certification, super sturdy and durable, ensuring a large tensile force and weight capacity, also allowing you\nRock Climbing Rope 3", "ar. This would probably fix the problem Randy\ndescribes for iCalendar data, but it wouldn't solve it for the general\ncase (if I publish a public event as EIM, say).\nAnother approach would be to change Cosmo's storage model.\nIn the fullness of time, I'd prefer to change Cosmo's one-UUID-space\nmodel. This would obviously be more work, but I think this is the root\nproblem. If Chandler and the Hub are successful we're not going to want\neveryone having write access to anything they can determine a UUID for.\nMore information about the cosmo-dev", "How does the author describe their approach to planning and organization in daily life", "Breaking Down Barriers\nMultiforce and Customforce lower the barrier to entry because there doesnt have to be any upfront investment in expensive development tools, operating systems or databases, he said. Customers only need to be able to afford the cost of a Salesforce.com subscription, said Benioff. That means that programmers in developing countries, whether they are in Mumbai, Delhi, Shanghai or Beijing, can start developing applications without a lot of venture cash backing them, he said.Multiforce enables multiple applications to share common data sets, supports cross organizational collaboration and helps eliminate information silos within an organization. Some of the new functionality built into Customforce 2.0 includes analytics for real-time analysis of business data, spreadsheet-style formulas for calculation that can be applied to any application field, pre-build business processes, such as discounting, quota attainment, price totals, case aging and auto-dialing. Customforce also provides standard related lists that show relevant data for accounts, contacts, opportunities and cases. The Salesforce.com Summer 05 release includes support for a variety of sales methodologies, customizable sales forecasting, marketing analytics and mass address updates. Ease of implementation for Salesforce.com is one of the top reasons why Sybase Inc. and Electronics for Imaging Inc. decided to implement the CRM package. Sybase, a provider of information management applications based in Dublin, Calif., was able to implement Salesforce CRM", "What age groups target the social enterprise or community business mentioned in the text", "The battle over GM food has begun again and it seems there is little in common between those in favour of research and those opposed, other than a belief that they are right and the other side is wrong.\nThese fundamental ideological differences are unlikely to be settled but it should at least be possible to dispel the irrational statements about this particular experiment that have gained traction over recent months.\nThe first is that this GM wheat contains cow genes. It does not. One of the synthetic genes added to the wheat plant just happens to bear some similarity to a gene found in cows, a gene incidentally found in many other organisms.\nThe second is that GM wheat contains antibiotic resistance genes that threaten to make drugs ineffective. These well-known \u201cmarker\u201d genes were indeed used during the initial development but they are non functional in this plant.\nAnother criticism is that the GM wheat is a spring variety an", "Mason MS, Paul \u2013 Stop Walking on Eggshells Audiobook\nMason MS, Paul -Stop Walking on Eggshells Audiobooktext\nI acquired this magazine when my specialist identified my hubby with BPD after much less than 6 sessions with us as a couple.This magazine conserved my life. It soothed my anxiety, confirmed my pain, in addition to aided me acknowledge fact from my BP partner\u2019s truth. Stop Walking on Eggshells Audiobook Free. The method it is composed is so easy to adhere to as well as additionally acknowledge. I have really highlighted almost the entire magazine, cover to cover, with notes scuffed in the margins. It has actually become my most likely to when really feeling especially in jeopardy as well as puzzled. It clarifies my mind as well as additionally brings me back to my self in this circumstance. If you have anybody, ANY person in your life that has borderline character problem, this magazine will certainly assist you. I suggest it enormously.This book conserved my marital relationship. I was specifically happy with the methods it came close to borderline character problem (as well as additionally those undiagnosed people with equivalent characteristics) with empathy as well as regard for the borderline, as well as supplied informative statements from borderlines outlining exactly how their believed procedures generally vary from non- borderlines. This book offered me the devices in addition to self- self-confidence to give up trying to cover for my partner as well as additionally conserve her from the messes she mistakenly produces, while furthermore solving my really own troubles with requiring to constantly assist as well as fix everyone. This is a book that assists you modify your really own activities to safeguard on your own, nevertheless in doing so it additionally usually helps the BP\u2019s learn to depend on their really own 2 feet as well as additionally take duty for their tasks. For example, among the several points I uncovered was that my initiatives to constantly assist her solution adverse scenarios remained in reality MY issue, in addition to I was disempowering her. Quiting that was actually difficult for me to do, nevertheless definitely it aided.\nI appreciate to report that after making use of the strategies set out in this book, my companion, (that has actually constantly decreased therapy or medicines even with having drug abuse concerns, severe clinical depression, distressed fads, as well as additionally being unbelievably self-destructive) recognized her behaviors goes out control as well as additionally voluntarily searched for expert aid. Her mindset as well as additionally behaviors have actually considerably improved, as well as she claimed she does not actually feel on- side, upset, in addition to uninhabited frequently any longer.\nI can not stress appropriate though that these are techniques for the non- borderline, in addition to you will certainly need to solve your very own undesirable repayments to the link which might include your very own sensations of insufficiency as well as additionally need for codependency. You need to wish to solve your very own devils. I recommend getting the aid of a specialist while undertaking this book, it really helped me stay in charge of my really own behavior.This magazine is wonderful! As a medical professional, I got this book to see if it would definitely be an excellent source to encourage to my customers, as well as additionally it definitely fits the costs. I can encourage this book to great deals of consumers coping a suched as one that participates in irritating actions, whether they are borderline or otherwise, in addition to I locate the suggestions in th", "is magazine to be ideal throughout various links. I really recommend!I acquired this formerly in the year to assist me handle a family member. I intended to acquire devices to communicate with her as well as prevent her unstable spoken strikes as well as additionally hostility filled up message responses. I have superb borders with her in addition to able to leave or hang up when she would definitely wind up being paranoid as well as additionally vicious with her words nevertheless actually did not mean to minimize her out of my life absolutely. I like her kid in addition to partner in addition to her as well as additionally desired her to be able to remain associated with my member of the family. She can be so lovely yet in a 2nd so awful. I have no recommendation if she was in the past understood borderline character problem however sure this went to the very least amongst her problems. I situated the book really verifying in addition to provided wonderful suggestions. My relative removed herself November 2018. We are all messed up. I examined after she passed away in addition to sent a replicate to my auntie that claimed it described my about a tee. When I feel it is ideal I am mosting likely to send out a duplicate to her husband.This magazine was advised to me by my sis, to probably assist explain my companion that is lovely however in many cases enters into strange situations. This magazine struck her indications specifically the head as well as aided me to comprehend as well as empathise with her. It has actually provided me a way in advance. A practical as well as well- composed overview with great deals of instance circumstances. I have really occurred to obtain duplicates for close friends in comparable situations.I need to confess I intended to toss, tear, shred as well as additionally shed the preliminary phase as it struck me to the core!\nWords took my craziness as well as made it a truth. I have actually been informed as a carbon monoxide- reliant to a BP essentially considered that birth as well as additionally as I\u2019m nearing 40 currently in addition to effectively thought I was losing my mind. Years of self-destructive depression in addition to the age component \u2026 as well as additionally a great deal of petition as well as additionally certain Divine bible research study as well as the assisting hand of a buddy \u2026 finally brought me to a psychological wellness as well as health social employee that recommended this book in simply our 4th session.\nI need to warn you candidates of relief offered, this book is a challenging tablet computer to swollow initially. It\u2019s much less made complex to think that I\u2019m shedding touch with reality than to confess a suched as one has actually been a significant consider my suffering. Mason MS, Paul -Stop Walking on Eggshells Audio Book Download As I paged with I started to recognize these qualities in my sibling or sis in addition to numerous other family member.\nI felt like Alice in paradise for an extended period of time looking for my escape of the bunny opening in addition to the preliminary stage was every little thing regarding precisely just how I dropped under the rabbit opening to start with. Stage by stage it revealed layers of the mental illness, as well as additionally in all the years I was frightened of developing my suggestions in theory I currently uncover my self compelled to write modification notes right in the book! (Obviously this book is not understood pertaining to by any person other than me as well as additionally I review it whenever I have a possibility to be alone.) I have really sobbed up until there were no rips left, afterwards I sobbed some much more", "What is the primary target demographic for the new workout and fitness wear added to American Eagle's aerie collection", "For some time now, we have been active on Facebook, too. Besides the articles in our established magazine, we can inform you about interesting news soon after it comes out.\nAt www.facebook.com/ZKGInternational you can find news from the industry, tips on events and additional information from our editors. So, you are always up to date.\nIn the magazine publishing business there\u2019s a lot of discussion on whether print has a future. Yes, print has a future! We are firmly convinced of that! Technical papers such as \u201cEvaluation of extensive series of diffractograms with the aid of factor analysis\u201d on page 42 and \u201cInfluence of", "owroom - 01274 541236\nLeeds Showroom - 0113 2820078\nOnline Store: www.modernlivingdirect.co.uk\nYour Name (required)\nYour Email (required)\nYour Telephone Number (required)\nInterested in (required)", "greater obstacle to the life God designed you to live, then selfishness. Ego and self-promotion pollute our souls and destroy our relationships. Paul understood the need to dethrone ego. \u201cI no longer live, but Christ lives in me\u201d (Gal. 2:20 NIV). This reflected: (a) A change of values. Paul once lived to persecute Christians; now he says, \u201cFor me to live is Christ\u201d (Php. 1:21). (b) A change of ambition. The old Paul, whose goal was to be recognized champion of religion, says; \u201cBut whatever was to my profit I now consider loss for the sake of Christ\u201d (Php. 3:7 NIV). (c) A change of mind. The brilliant philosopher, Pharisee and lawyer renounces his self-seeking ways and writes, \u201cThink the same way that Christ Jesus thought\u201d (Php. 2:5 CEV).\nThis message taken from: Daily Devotional \u2013 The Word For You Today", "onto his belt?\nYou\u2019ll see those answers to those questions unfold over the next few weeks as these feuds unravel on Raw and Smackdown. Of course, you COULD create your own storylines, feuds and Pay-Per-Views if you win the Swagstakes for Smackdown vs Raw 2011 for either XBox 360 or PS3\n\u2013 it\u2019s just another feature in a game that just might put all previous versions of SVR to shame.\nWhat would your ultimate WWE dream match be", "\u201cThere is in store for me the crown.\u201d 2 Timothy 4:8 NIV\nDo you remember the feeling you had when your name was called to receive your high school or college diploma and you heard the words, \u201cCongratulations on your graduation.\u201d You did it! All your effort paid off. Your accomplishment had finally been acknowledged. Now, multiply that feeling a thousand times over! Picture yourself entering the presence of the One who will award you the crown of righteousness while the saints of all ages look on. Paul anticipated graduating with highest honors: \u201cI have fought the good fight, I have finished the race; I have kept the faith. Now there is in store for me the crown\u201d (vv. 7-8 NIV). For the next few days let\u2019s talk about how you can graduate this life with highest honors.\nBy living an unselfish life. There\u2019s no", "[Cosmo-dev] testing with the same .ics files\njeffrey at osafoundation.org\nWed Jul 11 09:56:42 PDT 2007\n>> If indeed 2 people can download a file off of icalshare.com, import it\n>> into Chandler (or other CalDAV client), and attempt to publish to the\n>> Hub only to have the second person's publish fail, I am very concerned\n>> about that behavior.\nRandy and I discussed this briefly, and I think there are two approaches\nwe could take post-Preview to this.\nOne would be to change Chandler to create random UUIDs for events\nimported from iCalend", "Why did EFI ultimately choose Salesforce.com over SAP for their CRM needs", "r companies, partnership firms and associations around the world. She is a contributing editor for Strategy + Business magazine and a member of the 100 Coaches Network and the New York and International Women\u2019s Forums. She lives in Chatham, NY.\nAs a member of Marshall Goldsmith\u2019s 100 Coaches, Sally is part of the growing community of world renowned leaders providing leadership content through the Methods of Leaders platform. Sally\u2019s online Women\u2019s Leadership course takes you through the 12 habits or behaviors that routinely get in the way of successful women\u2019s efforts to rise in their careers.\nStrategy+Business offered Sally the opportunity to write a major article, reflecting on what she\u2019s witnessed and learned in 30 years observing and working with women leaders and what she sees going forward.\nSally Helgesen\u2019s latest book, How Women Rise, co-authored with Marshall Goldsmith, is available now. It explores specific behaviors that get in women\u2019s way as they seek advancement and offers powerful solutions to help women realize their full potential.\nDownload my free book club discussion guide:\nDownload my free guide to Twelve Behaviors that Keep Women Stuck", "Sally Helgesen, cited in Forbes as the world\u2019s premier expert on women\u2019s leadership, is an internationally best-selling author, speaker and leadership coach. She has been named by Thinker\u2019s 50 as one of the world\u2019s top 20 coaches and ranked number 6 among the world\u2019s thought leaders by Global Gurus.\nSally\u2019s most recent book, How Women Rise, co-authored with legendary executive coach Marshall Goldsmith, examines the behaviors most likely to get in the way of successful women. It became the top-seller in its field within a week of publication and rights have been sold in 18 languages.\nPrevious books include The Female Advantage: Women\u2019s Ways of Leadership, hailed as the classic in its field and continuously in print since 1990, and The Female Vision: Women\u2019s Real Power at Work, which explores how women\u2019s strategic insights can strengthen their careers. The Web of Inclusion: A New Architecture for Building Great Organizations, was cited in The Wall Street Journal as one of the best books on leadership of all time and is credited with bringing the language of inclusion into business.\nFor over 30 years, Sally has delivered leadership workshops and keynotes fo", "What problem does the author mention regarding Randy's description of iCalendar data", "What are the main ingredients used in the yogurt sauce for the Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Chickpeas recipe", "I have a confession: I have an absolute obsession with sweet potatoes and sadly this obsession of mine isn\u2019t shared with open arms at home. But slowly, one dish at a time, I am building up a gradual win for sweet potatoes. They may never get as far as hearing the \u201cL\u201d word or \u201coh yes, I\u2019m having a craving, let\u2019s have something with sweet potatoes tonight\u201d let alone roasted sweet potatoes and chickpeas, but at least there won\u2019t be any more murmurs of disappoint or grunts of dissatisfaction either. Sweet potatoes are so much more than my mother\u2019s simple version baked in the oven and served with butter. I absolutely L O V E this dish!\nRoasted sweet potatoes and chickpeas \u2013 what a combo!\nYou may have never have guessed it, but roasted sweet potato and millet are a dream together. Together with roasted chickpeas it\u2019s a fabulous flavor combination. And all this glorious goodness is served with a Mediterranean inspired yogurt sauce made with lemon and lots of my favorite herbs \u2014 fresh cilantro, mint and parsley. This is a ridiculously tasty vegetarian dish that is healthy and satisfying \u2014 one that proves vegetarian recipes don\u2019t have to be boring. All that is needed are high quality ingredients with great flavors and textures, and the right mix of herbs and spices.\nMillet is perfect for anyone following a gluten-free diet\nIf you aren\u2019t familiar with millet, it\u2019s an ancient seed that has a lovely and light texture when cooked, as well as a mildly sweet and nutty flavor. It is incredibly versatile and works are the prefect replacement for couscous \u2013 one that is naturally gluten-free. Since it is so small in size, it is relatively quick cooking, similar to couscous. Since it triples in volume after cooking, you\u2019ll only need 1/3 cup dry millet for this recipe.\nIt\u2019s loaded with iron, B vitamins and calcium-rich millet, protein-rich chickpeas and delicious vitamin A rich roasted sweet potatoes. If you don\u2019t have sweet potatoes on hand, I am willing to bet that roasted beets, parsnip or carrots (even butternut squash) would be just as delicious here too.\nRoasted Sweet Potatoes and Chickpeas, Millet and Herbed Yogurt\n- 2 large sweet potatoes, preferably organic, peeled and cut into 8 lengthwise wedges\n- 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive olive oil\n- 1 tablespoon fresh thyme leaves\n- 1/2 teaspoon crushed red-pepper flakes, plus more to garnish\n- 1 x 400 g can organic chickpeas, rinsed and drained\n- 1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika\n- sea salt", "What are the key components to successfully creating a great brand according to the text segment", "aining in capacity building, gender issues and lifeskills that fueled her interest in training other people from the exile community.\nCurrently Choezin is the Head Consultant for Tibetan Career Center, a unit of Youth Empowerment Support of the exile Tibetan administration.\nWhenever she gets free time, Choezin likes to write poetry and short stories inspired by and based on her lived experience. \u201cWhen I write,\u201d she says, \u201cI feel unstoppable.", "and freshly ground black pepper, to taste\n- 1/3 cup uncooked millet (70 g)\nFor the yogurt sauce:\n- 1 x 170 g container Greek yogurt\n- 1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil\n- 1 clove garlic, minced\n- 4 tablespoons freshly squeezed lemon juice\n- 2 tablespoons freshly chopped coriander\n- 1 tablespoon freshly chopped mint\n- 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley\n- sea salt and freshly ground pepper, to taste\nHeat oven to 425\u00b0F / 220\u00b0C and line two baking sheets with parchment paper.\nIn a medium bowl, toss the sweet potatoes with 1 tablespoon olive oil, the thyme leaves and red pepper flakes.\nIn a second bowl, toss the chickpeas with 1 tablespoon olive oil, the smoked paprika and sea salt, to taste.\nSpread the sweet potatoes, in one layer, on the lined baking sheet. Season with salt and pepper. Roast in the top third of the oven for 30 minutes. Turn the wedges over and roast for 5 to 10 more minutes, until soft and lightly charred at the edges.\nMeanwhile, spread chickpeas on second baking sheet. Once the sweet potatoes have cooked for 20 minutes, transfer the chickpeas to the oven. Roast for 20 minutes, shaking the pan once or twice so that they cook evenly, until lightly browned. Remove both baking trays from the oven and set aside.\nPrepare the millet according to package instructions. After 10-15 minutes all the water should be absorbed and the millet cooked.\nNote: I serve this dish at room temperature, but if you want to serve this dish warm, then prepare the millet as soon as you put the chickpeas in the oven.\nMeanwhile, in a small bowl, whisk together the dressing ingredients and season with salt and pepper to taste.\nArrange the roasted sweet potatoes and chickpeas, along with the millet on a platter (I do a layer with half the sweet potatoes, half the chickpeas, half the millet, and repeat with the remains). Drizzle some of the yogurt over top. Garnish with a little more red pepper flakes.\nServe with the remaining yogurt on the side. This dish can be served warm or at room temperature. Enjoy!\nDid you try this recipe?\nHow did you like it?\nPlease let me know how this Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Chickpeas with Millet and Herbed Yogurt recipe turned out for you! I would love to hear how you liked it. Simply rate it with the stars above \u2b50or leave me a comment and rate it below.\nDid you make any changes to this recipe?\nIf you have tips for other readers, let me know! It helps me and other readers so much. Sharing is Caring :-)", "What is the estimated height of the sculpture described in the text", "organisation\nSocial enterprise or Community business\nYoung people (11-16 years)Young adults (16-25 years)\nArea of activity\nSouth East Region\nRegistered company number\nIs this location wheelchair accessible", "What emotions did the writer experience before participating in the transgender health workshop at UCSF", "What feature is available in the Smackdown vs Raw 2011 game that allows players to create their own content", "I have to force myself to go to church.\nSaturday mornings, when Seventh-day Adventist like me observe Sabbath, I lay in bed extra-long. Sometimes, I roll over and shut my eyes delaying when i finally rise for church. Other times, I have to physically force myself to get up and prepare both mentally and physically, to go.\nIt didn\u2019t use to be this way. I remember waking up extra early as a pre-teen when i was excited to go to church. More than likely, I would be singing at both services, either in a choir or in special music. I would stay long hours after the service for evening vespers.\nThat all changed when I came out as bisexual. I no longer felt welcome at worship.\nIt wasn\u2019t that I was explicitly told to stay away. Yes, some individual church members expressed their disappointment in my coming out (as if it were anything that they had to approve or disapprove of). But mostly, it was the small things that clearly signaled I would never be an accepted member of the church.\nI don\u2019t think many straight Christians understand that it only takes the one sermon condemning homosexuality for LGBT people to know they\u2019re not wanted.\nIf the only time you mention the LGBT community is in condemnation, how are we supposed to believe you love us?\nIt is possible to preach a traditional stance on homosexuality and still come off as welcoming and loving. I\u2019ve seen it happen. It\u2019s just incredibly rare.\nMore often than not, the sermons preached from pulpits from traditional denominations are condemning. The sermons are preached as if LGBT people don\u2019t exist, as if we\u2019re just theoretical ideas, as if we weren\u2019t sitting in the pews. The sermon will call sex between people of the same gender an abomination and that\u2019ll be the extent of it.\nJust gay sex. There\u2019s no talk of how the church is", "What does Paul anticipate receiving as recognition for his efforts in faith", "Get Your WWE Fix from Swagbucks\nby TSG on Mon, October 4th, 2010 at 5:00 pm\nIf you\u2019re a WWE fan you were most likely following all of the action from the Hell In A Cell Pay-Per-View \u2013 with John Cena becoming a member of Nexus, what will the \u201cnxt\u201d step be? Paul Bearer turned on the Undertaker to help Kane retain the World Heavyweight Belt \u2013 can the Deadman overcome this betrayal? How long will new WWE Champion Randy Orton hold", "Are you facing difficulties in swift operation of your Laptop? Need not to worry, as you have landed at the right place. Hello India provides the delightful laptop repair services providers details which completely satisfies you. Including fault searching and component level repairing, also replaces the defective parts from your laptop with a brand new part.\nThis Professional provide you with a one-stop solution that quickly and affordably satisfies all your laptop repair and upgrade requirements, they have successfully achieved specialization in servicing laptops manufactured by Acer, Apple, Asus, Compaq", "At Faim real estate we specialize in two of the three types of gated communities; Lifestyle and Prestige gated communities.\nImperial projects are all lifestyle projects, which means it focuses on common amenities, recreational facilities, and shared services at its core. These projects are generally the company's largest sized projects. Ranging from 30 acres through to 100 acres and higher.\nFaim's Imperial projects are also", "What are the author's feelings towards the response received from the Transgender Law Center regarding their request for advice", "What do the fictional Chuck Norris facts describe about his supposed abilities and legendary status", "column and not the module. I'm trying to get some advice and or people's thoughts on the issue. I have had it all apart and I've been up and down all the wiring and it's all legit. I'm hoping I missed something small or maybe the switch just needs to be cleaned some where I may have missed", "How many people in the US get sick each year due to exposure to raw sewage at the beach according to the Environmental Protection Agency", "What qualities does Roca bathroom furniture boast according to the text", "What health condition does the author mention being treated with the product and other herbs", "What does the author desire for the church in relation to the LGBT community", "deo, I give an update on my testosterone contamination. It\u2019s hard for me to report on the disappointment I\u2019ve felt from my own community, and even harder to announce that for now, I\u2019m not following this one through. Today I received a form email from the Transgender Law Center in regards to my initial request for advice that said they\u2019ve had too many requests and to please see their website for advice. If I still needed assistance after that, they asked me to re-submit a request. I want to look at this as an example of how stretched thin transgender resources are. It feels horrible to admit defeat. I feel disappointed in myself for accepting that I deserve this. This really allowed me to experience one aspect of the powerlessness trans individuals experience in circumstances like these \u2013 where trans-friends, trans-medical provides, cis-medical providers, and now trans-legal providers all either don\u2019t have the bandwidth to help, or tell me that I should be happy that it wasn\u2019t worse or stood up for the pharmacy that made this mistake because they\u2019re the only affordable option for many trans individuals to get hormones. To the people responsible for this mistake and the incredibly poor response to it, I hope you appreciate the emotional, physical and psychological damage you inflicted on me and countless other transmen, and the fact that many of us are between a rock and hard place when it comes to healthcare, so we will continue to rely on you for our hormone treatments. I do. This mistake was a big deal. I\u2019m angry it happened, and I feel a lot of hate towards you, for acting like the damage it caused us is only worth a replacement prescription with no apology, but more for creating a situation where others who I rely on for emotional support and health care also let me down. Hopefully you\u2019ll learn to do better.\nThe Philadelphia Transgender Health Conference came and went. It was incredible being back there almost a year now post-op, and seeing old friends, reconnecting with even older friends, and meeting new ones. It wasn\u2019t without its issues of course. Of particular note to my concerns is that they rejected the STEM workshop this year, a workshop that was attended by over 100 trans folks in all areas of STEM education and research. It reconfirms the desperate need for trans science education, activism, and community. (I\u2019m writing this post from yet another conference right now on Advancing LGBTQ Initiatives Across Higher Education thanks to a friend who also believes in this).\nThat\u2019s it for now. Over and out.", "A few people commented how organized I am in regards to my post the other day.\nOrganized???? Eh. More like organized chaos.\nI am a planner (gee, aren't you surprised?). I need to know what the plan is, how we are achieving it, and what the steps are to insure success. I also like to play devil's advocate and come up with every scenario in the book that could go wrong, and trouble shoot those before they happen....just in case.\nI like to set up appointments well in advance and it drives me nuts when I can't. I like to arrive early, and my co-pay is ready to go (if applicable).\nI balance my checkbook every morning. I pay my bills in a certain way (on-line, some bills from paycheck 1 and some from 2). I still use a paper register.\nMy kids have a routine, and largely their routine hasn't changed since they were very little. As they are getting older, they are more independent. But they know the routine, so they just do stuff. This morning, I came downstairs....both had made their breakfast already. Both were dressed and wearing their field trip shirts. My coffee pot was set up the night before....so all I had to do was get my coffee and set up Bossy's tube feeding. I went upstairs to get ready for work....came downstairs and they had already gotten their water bottles prepped. Right now, Daddy makes lunch...but that will start to change next school year when they will assume those duties.\nAll of this", "What are some health benefits of ingredients used in the roasted sweet potatoes and chickpeas dish", "Very nice. I've been using this in my arguments for pro-life, anti death penalty for a while now and I'm glad to see it has a name. It all started when I heard a certain politician (I'm not going to name names...it is someone famous, but not any current president or legislator) describe as abhorrent the fact that people in China often use abortion to insure they have male offspring. I thought that was interesting...that although this politician was \"pro-choice\", they didn't like WHY people in China were making that choice. I agree that it can be more complicated than that, but the basic premise was...there are times when even \"pro-choice", "What significant event did the Seattle Storm experience this season that is expected to position them for future success", "\" people find abortion abhorrent. So where is that grain of rice that turns if from OK to abhorrent. But this is a slippery slope too. This could be why, for example, the NRA seems to be stubborn to the point of silliness when it comes to gun right laws. I wish they would be more sensible, but maybe they're at the point where they say 1 grain of wheat is a heap and we don't tolerate heaps.Anyway, thanks for making me think today. God bless!\nThe applicability of the fallacy is pretty broad--I hadn't thought of this one. (Though if you want to use it to take away my guns, this conversation is over. HEH)Thanks for the comment!\nPost a Commen", ", Dell, Gateway, HP, IBM, Lenovo, Samsung, Sony, Toshiba, Zenith as well as all assembled laptops.\nLaptop Repairing Services includes following:\n- Keyboard repair and replacement\n- Motherboard Chip-level repairing\n- Broken body repair\n- Maintenance and cleaning services\n- Software problems fixing\n- AC adapter repair and replacement\n- Tune-up for speed and performance\n- Data recovery caused by virus or system failure\n- Hinge repair, re-fabrication and replacement\n- LCD screens repair and replacement\nSo by calling Hello India 079-27272727 you will find best Computer repairing services providers in Ahmedabad", "What types of content does the publication offer to its readers", "sounds great, right??? Well, on the surface is it. However, there are lots of things that are not nearly that organized.\nI am a pile person. I have a ton of piles. Mostly stuff I am not sure what to do with. I know what is in all the piles. I just don't know where to put the individual things We don't have great storage, and none of our current furniture things are working (which is why I want to do a major makeover of the office area!).\nI have a zillion things that are at the 85% stage. They need one more final \"thing.\" But they sit forever until I come back around to it.\nI keep the catelina coupons from the grocery store, and never use them. Mostly because I forget about them.\nI never lose my keys (they have a hook where I also hang my purse. BUT, in my purse....I lose them all the time. I have a purse that zips in the middle and snaps on either side, and I swear....I lose my keys in my purse every single time.\nI have a habit of using my debit card, and not putting it back in my wallet. So then I have to search through my purse to see where it is.\nI walk around with pens at work. And leave them where I go. Then can't find them. And have to go find my pen on another work surface.\nI know there are easy fixes to alot of these things....I just can't actually bring myself to DO it.\nSo for those of you who commended me for my organization.....thank you....but trust me....all isn't what it appears. :", "resources that their competitors have, they can create their own unique brand by sticking to what they are best at. While established brands have to handle an entire range of product lines, small startups can make something unique by focusing on what their customers expect and what other companies in the industry don\u2019t provide.\nA few examples\nHere are a few examples in which companies became exclusive brands by focusing on their best traits:\nDefinition of a GOOD IDEA\nA good idea is the one that you and your team members can execute with uttermost dedication and motivation. Your customers should be aware of your uniqueness, and approach you whenever they need something in your niche. Create an objective of your business and train all your employees to use it as their guiding light. Your unique quality should translate to your customers and let them believe it to be a crucial part of their life. For instance, an odor sucking shoe will be an ultimate necessity for a person whose feet smell.\nThe best idea is to know your target market and fulfill their demands and expectations. By doing this, you will earn customer loyalty and their trust.\n118SHARESFacebookTwitterSubscribeWe often talk about \u2026\n38SHARESFacebookTwitterSubscribeHappy New Year to all \u2026\n58SHARESFacebookTwitterSubscribeEntrepreneurship is", "What does Paul demonstrate about the need to overcome selfishness and ego in his beliefs", "What sensations does the book Hungryish describe when someone feels hungry", "What type of items will be added to the aerie collection for the holiday season", "How did the author of the text segment feel the book 'Stop Walking on Eggshells' impacted their perspective and approach to supporting their partner with borderline personality disorder", "Shop with My Rewards Code: RIF512\nGreat Alkalizing Herb for Vaginosis (Strep B)\nI used this to treat the symptoms of Strep B. I began a regimen that did not include O.G.R., but once included along with other herbs the symptoms cleared almost instantly. It was what I needed to bring balance back, contributed by its alkalizing properties.\nWonderful alternative to bread on a raw food diet, but you must soak for 30 minutes then dehydrate for 1 day.\nI smell so good you could eat me!\nI don't wear perfume, but I love scented products. The scent is not only deliciously inticing, but super moisturizing. I never have to reapply lotion to my body with this product. It lasts 24 hrs or close to it, and I've been using it for years now, because of the wonderful results.\nGreat For Strep B\nAlong with other herbs, I used this to treat Strep B. It worked great internally to boost my immune system and external in a vag. wash. Great product.\nGreat for Acne, Scraps, and Itchies\nI use it for everything it's", "What prompted the author to acquire the book they recommend, and how did it help them with their family situation", "What types of gated communities does Faim Real Estate specialize in", "What types of laptop repair services are offered by Hello India in Ahmedabad", "Over 3.5 million people get sick every year after coming into contact with raw sewage at the beach, making beach pollution a big concern.\nOn sunny afternoons when the water sparkles, only pessimists worry about Jaws lurking under the surface during a trip to the beach. But in truth, your seemingly bucolic swimming spot just might be the site of dangers even Jaws should shun.\nAnd no, the chief dangers aren\u2019t rip currents that could sweep you into the deep blue, nor poisonous jellyfish waiting to sting, nor even potentially carcinogenic sunscreens. The dangers we\u2019re talking about are those that come from out-of-control b", "Northside stabbing leaves man in critical condition\nA man is in a critical condition after being stabbed in Brisbane\u2019s north overnight.\nThe man, aged in his", "tates revealed a great deal of passion, some fairly strong opinions about what is and is not effective, and innovations including the proposed use of virtual worlds in library staff training programs. Those contacts also provided examples of the varying approaches people within and outside of libraries are taking toward e-learning, and highlighted sometimes-unexpected results.\nMore than half of the group responding to an open-ended question about \u201cthe most important elements of a successful e-learning program for libraries\u201d cited the importance of buy-in from library directors and other key members of management teams.\nPat Wagner, a consultant and trainer working with libraries throughout the country as well as with the LE@D project at the University of North Texas, believes e-learning programs will not reach their full potential without library directors\u2019 support. \u201cIf I could do one thing, I would get directors to take learning side-by side (with staff),\u201d Wagner said. \u201cWhen I used to do staff days for ALA in Chicago, the director would sit in the front row of every class and participate.\u201d E-learning, she noted, allows supervisors, managers, and employees to all take the same class together even if they are not in the same physical location.\n\u201cManagement support at all levels is key,\u201d agrees Lori Reed, employee learning and development coordinator for the Public Library of Charlotte and Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, as well as managing editor of ALA Learning. \u201cYou need support from administration to even move towards that direction. You need support from IT to implement the tools or even allow access to e-learning programs. You need branch and frontline managers to be supportive because staff will need time away from the branch to attend training.\u201d\nCited nearly as often is the need for e-learning tools and systems that are accessible and easy to use by learners as well as providers.\n\u201cI get frustrated. I just want to move on. I don\u2019t want to spend 10 hours trying to figure out how it\u2019s going to work,\u201d said Joe Novosel, an online/blended learning expert with more than a decade of experience including training director roles with CompUSA and Good Guys. \u201cThe thing about free tools is that they\u2019re more difficult to use. They\u2019re free tools, but they\u2019re limited tools.\u201d\nMaurice Coleman, Harford County (Md.) public library specialist III and technical trainer, said: \u201cYour learner\u2019s comfort with the tool online will be the basis of your success whether you start live and face-to-face or online.\u201d\nE-learning also needs to be easy for those who produce it, according to Mark Hall, a member of the San Francisco Public Library task force that has been working on prototypes for library staff and patrons. \u201cWe\u2019re actually using Camtasia. It\u2019s great. It\u2019s pretty easy to use.\u201d He and his colleagues initially tried recording 2\u20135-minute modules live, with no break, but felt the result was \u201cnot real professional.\u201d They then tried using a script, but also were less than satisfied with the process because they were struggling to look at too many different elements while recording the modules. They now expect to record the audio first and then add screen shots, but they remain open to other discoveries as they prepare for complete modules to be posted for e-learners on the library website.\nCollaboration and the social aspect of online learning is the third element mentioned by several of those interviewed.\n\u201cThere has to be interactivity included in synchronous sessions,\u201d State Library of North Carolina E-learning Consultant Jeffrey Hamilton said. \u201cWe use Adobe Connect Professional to conduct synchronous sessions for library staff about various databases available though NC LIVE, our consortial statewide collection of databases. One of the required components of these 90-minute sessions is that interactivity is included throughout the session.\u201d\n\u201cThe most important element of a successful e-learning program is human interaction,\u201d agreed Michael Wilder, learning technologies specialist with the University Teaching and Learning Center housed within Lied Library on the University of Nevada, Las Vegas campus. In an online chat he wrote, \u201cThere is a basic human need for people (students, faculty, librarians) to interact with other human beings . . . and this is especially important in online learning . . . Program developers need to find ways for people to interact with each other (such as through group work, case studies, collaborative projects and more).\u201d\n\u201cBy far the most important thing is to make every effort to create a community of learners,\u201d Infopeople Project Consultant Eileen O\u2019Shea agreed. \u201cIn Angel, we have used the discussion board and online chats to try and create some sense of community. This works to some extent during the course\u2014but the real trick is to keep the sense of community alive after the course.\u201d\nWebJunction is also experimenting with online tools \u201cto create a social cohort experience,\u201d according to WebJunction Curriculum Developer Betha Gutsche. \u201cWe create a group of people taking the same course during the same time period and bring them together to have discussions and contribute resources that they discover as they learn. So far, it\u2019s going really well.\u201d\nExperiments are also underway at Infopeople with participants who initially met in classroom-based leadership workshops and then face-to-face for a five-day intensive leadership institute program before going online. A group blog and group webinars have helped participants stay in contact as they complete leadership projects in a variety of California public libraries.\nBut it remains to be seen whether the various online library communities for learners will be short- or long-lived. O\u2019Shea revealed that \u201cdropoff was consistent\u201d during previous attempts at Infopeople to create communities of learning through the use of online discussion boards and chats, course-based wikis, and discussion lists. \u201cOne to two months is about the longest we see people continuing to participate after a course or project formally ends. And that is across all sorts of training,\u201d O\u2019Shea said, adding, \u201cWe\u2019d ideally like to see a cohort of Infopeople alums whose bond is not so much the individual course they took with Infopeople, but with Infopeople itself.\u201d\nThat sort of community can be seen developing through participants\u2019 continuing attendance in online sessions such as Coleman\u2019s T Is for Training as well as through the TechSoup/MaintainIT Project\u2014live, interactive webinars that provide library trainers with venues to learn about and experiment with online learning tools and techniques. A unique approach to this sort of community-building was the presenters\u2019 deliberate choice to take risks during the MaintainIT one-hour sessions.\n\u201cIn all of our webinars, we invite librarians to participate as cofacilitators in the event, sharing the experiences, rather than a sage-on-stage approach,\u201d TechSoup Strategic Communications Manager Sarah Washburn explained. \u201cYou\u2019ll never sit in a MaintainIT webinar where just one person is lecturing. We use ReadyTalk, and we wanted to give folks as much opportunity as possible to engage with the participants. This meant taking risks and allowing all functions of ReadyTalk to be open to everyone. With risks, there are challenges: We\u2019ve experienced a couple of moments where participants didn\u2019t fully understand the power they had, and accidentally selected functions that hindered the experience for others, but those were more rare than common.\u201d\nThose hindrances can range from participants advancing or backing up PowerPoint slides while presenters are speaking to accidentally closing down the entire visual feed during a live presentation, leaving everyone only with audio. The result was an edgy and engaging learning experience for everyone, and the presenters modeled first-rate training techniques through their ability to work with whatever surprises participants provide.\n\u201cAt first, we were a bit u", "What inspired Choezin to write poetry and short stories", "What are the characteristics of the feast mentioned in the text", "What key element do library consultants and trainers believe is essential for the success of e-learning programs in libraries", "Be Brave seeks to promote, preserve and protect the mental, physical, health and social welfare of young people within the community through mentoring, programs, counselling, enabling and motivating.\nType of", "a great product.\nI will reorder again. They're the tastiest lollipops I've ever had, and I'm so appreciative that they do not contain anything artificial such as dye. Thanks Yummy earth.\nBig bang for your buch and So tasty!\nI love these you can make everythign with them.\nPosted by Reviewer2109596 on Dec 03, 2009 | Verified Purchase\nTastes great and fresh!! Big bang for your buck!\nSolves Acne Problems\nPosted by Reviewer2109596 on Oct 23, 2009 | Verified Purchase\nGluten intolerance was the cause of my moderate acne, but a few problems still persisted after a gluten free diet. I used this consistently for two weeks and was acne and blackhead free. I stopped taking it and after a week late I had black heads, but not huge pimples. So it does work great for acne. Helping to regulate the liver and get rid of those unwanted hormones that cause acne. The price is more than reasonable for clear skin.\nNaturally kinky-curly Hair\nI like this for conditioner washes or as a leave in.\n1-10 of 19 tota", "d only 1 per cent of wheat grown in the UK is spring wheat, which means there is not market for GM spring wheat.\nRothamsted deliberately chose spring wheat because of its rarity. It means there is even less chance of cross pollination with other varieties of wheat maturing at different times of the year, and any technology that works in spring wheat can be transferred to other wheat varieties.\nThe final criticism comes down the risk of this GM wheat contaminating other crops growing nearby. Wheat is self pollinating, and the risk of contamination is very small indeed, especially given the extra biosecurity measures taken by the scientists.\nGM technology on its own will not feed the world. However, it does offer an extra tool for allowing this to happen. Preventing experiments such as this, where there is clearly a public benefit if it works, will equally do nothing to solve the coming food crisis of the 21st Century.Reuse conten", "What hospital was the man taken to after he was found with wounds to his stomach", "What are the features described in the marble herm head of Dionysus owned by a European gentleman", "What kind of information can readers find on the Facebook page of ZKG International", "American Eagle Outfitters Inc. has added workout and fitness wear to its aerie collection. Aerie f.i.t., which stands for fun, inspirational and technical, targets the American Eagle female customer between ages 15 to 25.\nAmerican Eagle Outfitters Inc. has added workout and fitness wear to its aerie collection.\nAerie f.i.t., which stands for fun, inspirational and technical, targets the American Eagle female customer between ages 15 to 25. The collection includes leggings, shorts, sports bras and wind stoppers, among other exercise apparel and accessories.\nEach product is made from aerie Fit Sweat Free Fabric\u2122. The workout wear is designed to pull moisture away from the body, and includes hidden money pockets, reflective piping and special flat-seam construction.\n\"Working out is important to our aerie customer, so offering a fitness line is a natural way to complete her lifestyle,\" Betsy Schumacher, chief merchandising officer for aeri", "What materials are suggested for creating a holiday flower pot during winter", "What steps should be followed to create a winter pot arrangement", "What is the registration fee for each child per session", "What are the two approaches being considered to address the issue discussed in the text regarding publish failures in Chandler after importing iCalendar files", "How do Multiforce and Customforce contribute to lowering barriers for developers in developing countries", "Why did Rothamsted choose to use spring wheat for their GM wheat experiments", "30s, was found around 8.30pm at a Margate home with wounds to his stomach.\nHe was rushed to the Royal Brisbane and Women\u2019s Hospital.\nPolice are investigating", "Where was Tenzin Choezin born and what formal education did she pursue", "What argument does the author make regarding a politician's views on pro-choice in relation to abortion in China", "What benefits did the user mention about the products they reviewed", "Hungryish is a picture book for food lovers of all ages.\nWhat happens when you get that feeling?\nA little rumble in your belly,\na curious tingle on your tongue,\nan adventurous itch for something delicious to eat and drink...\nHungryish is an illustrated story", "hat sand and you will not be able to move it.\nStep 2: Using a trowel dig a hole into the soil for the fine stemmed material such as grasses. Position the grasses in the middle of the pot just off center.\nStep 3: Using your pruners trim the longer evergreens and place in the back of the pot. Since this pot will only be viewed from one side all the tall items will be placed farthest from you in the pot. These evergreens are your back drop so they will be at least one to two times the height of the pot. Fan out the evergreens to give the pot an overflowing appearance.\nStep 4: Continue to layer plant material, incorporating red twig dogwoods, shorter evergreens such as junipers or pine and perennial flower seed heads. You will be moving toward the front of the pot.\nStep 5: Position the stems with any of the red berries in the front center position. If you have a large hydrangea flower it will go just in front of the red berry items. If you have floppy evergreens such as juniper or pine they will go along the front edge and under the hydrangea flower to hide the pot edge and soil. If you want to make this a Christmas pot, stick a short branch 6 inch long at the front edge of the pot, 3 inches into the soil, for an anchor to tie your red ribbon or bow to. After the Christmas season you can remove the ribbon and you will still have a decorative pot for winter.\nVariations to the above: If you have a pot with annual grasses or perennials that still have good leaf color you could use them in the winter pot adding the above material around them. If you want to make the pot viewable from all sides then you have to start at the center with the taller material and work out to the edges with the lower material. A pot viewable from all sides will use more floppy material and less upright evergreens. A traditional style for this type of pot uses red twig dogwood as a vertical point in the center and floppy or horizontal evergreens radiating out from the center.\nAfter you complete a pot or two you will find the process easy and fun. Good Luck and have a Safe and Happy Holiday Season", "failing the LGBT family or how we should be more welcoming of those on the margins. Just the sex.\nI know these types of sermons only happen once and a while. Sometimes it\u2019ll be years in between. Still, that one sermon changes everything.\nIt\u2019s hard to listen to a sermon on virtually any other subject after that. A sermon on grace from a pastor who doesn\u2019t show grace to the LGBT community comes off as all talk. I know that sermon on grace isn\u2019t meant for me.\nOr if the following week, the pastor preaches about God\u2019s love for everyone, I\u2019ll hear the silent caveat of \u201cexcept for the LGBT community.\u201d How can I believe that pastor who says if we accept Jesus as our savior we\u2019ll be saved when the week before he said, \u201cthe effeminate will not inherit the kingdom of heaven\u201d?\nNo, those sermons aren\u2019t for me. They\u2019re meant to exalt straight Christians.\nI\u2019ve tried to go to churches that support the LGBT community. Almost all of them worship on Sunday. That doesn\u2019t necessarily keep me from going. I enjoy visiting other churches as a way to broaden my interfaith network.\nYet, as a Seventh-day Adventist, I want to be in a church that most closely aligns with my beliefs. Right now, for better or worse, that\u2019s the Seventh-day Adventist Church.\nBut my denomination, as well as many other traditional denominations, doesn\u2019t want anything to do with me. If it did preachers and followers would do more than condemn. They would find ways to show, tangibly, they loved and cared for us.\nThe church should be a sanctuary. A place of fellowship. A holy place.\nThe church should be a place where LGBT people are mentioned not as sex acts but as children of God.\nI want to have, again, the sense i had when i was young and excited go to church, and fellowship with fellow believers.\nI yearn for that place", "What is the focus of Sally Helgesen's online Women\u2019s Leadership course", "What are some key foundations that effective e-learning practices should be rooted in according to the text", "What is the title of Sally Helgesen's most recent book and who did she co-author it with", "What materials and specifications are mentioned in the text segment regarding steel products", "What was the original title for the movie 'Alien vs. Predator' before it was cancelled", "What is the phone number for the Leeds Showroom"]}