{"q_indices": [42, 77, 119, 64, 91, 112, 69, 56, 55, 82, 66, 122, 106, 83, 49, 101, 86, 11, 13, 25, 45, 72, 18, 125, 34, 95, 67, 14, 19, 96, 15, 114, 2, 35, 53, 90, 4, 113, 104, 48, 37, 117, 98, 44, 102, 105, 63, 10, 36, 126, 79, 38, 58, 87, 80, 47, 40, 23, 84, 39, 3, 110, 111, 100], "a_indices": [73, 120, 65, 41, 71, 17, 76, 32, 99, 70, 24, 109, 60, 33, 28, 20, 21, 78, 88, 75, 93, 68, 85, 127, 54, 9, 46, 62, 103, 43, 118, 7, 0, 51, 6, 108, 27, 50, 115, 16, 8, 31, 30, 59, 107, 89, 74, 121, 29, 1, 92, 22, 26, 123, 57, 94, 52, 81, 124, 116, 5, 61, 97, 12], "texts": ["The Learning Lamp Before and After School Program at Cambria Elementary School is offered during the school year, over the summer and during scheduled school holidays. The Jackson Elementary Before and After School Program is offered during the school year, but full-day holiday and summer care is only available at Cambria Elementary. Morning drop-off can be scheduled as early as 6 a.m. After school care begins at the end of the school day, with pick-up no later than 6 p.m. Children in grades K to 5 may attend. Please see our summer brochure for details on camps offered in June, July and August. Tuition", "The location is great, the teachers are caring, energetic, responsive and well prepared. We have loved the activities and curriculum!\nYear 2 Parent\nExcellent facilities in an excellent location\nLocated in the beautiful residential area of the Buda Hills, District XII, The school is an ideal choice with stunning views over the city. Our facilities are on a par with the best that Budapest has to offer in education.\n- A safe campus where all students are safe and well looked after.\n- A purpose built building with bright classrooms equipped with either projectors or interactive whiteboards to assist student learning.\n- Our specialist teaching rooms include an Art room and a Music room. Our Music room is always a hive of activity with students practising and playing together.\n- Two well-equipped Science rooms.\n- In our Library we have a range of fiction and non-fiction books in both English as well as in other foreign languages including German, French and Spanish as well as Hungarian.\n- Our ICT suite provides high performance computers with touch screen monitors and PCs for students to fully develop their ICT skills.\n- A 250 seat Theatre with lightning and sound equipment caters for our drama lessons for our primary school students as well as for the weekly assemblies and school performances.\n- The school\u2019s commitment to physical education is reflected in onsite sports facilities which include: a superb swimming pool, an all-weather outdoor sports hall, indoor gymnasium, two separate playgrounds for different age groups and a football pitch.\nLocated in the highly desirable and residential Buda hills area, district XII is considered to be as one of the most prestigious residential areas of Budapest. The school is close to the cultural amenities of the city, such as the Castle, Parliament and Gell\u00e9rt Baths.\nThe school is easily accessible from downtown Budapest whether by car or via the short bus routes to the school", "What are the operating hours for the Learning Lamp Before and After School Program at Cambria Elementary School", "What roles does Christer Fuglesang hold at KTH Royal Institute of Technology", "What were some of the reasons for Turntable.fm's decline in monthly active users after its initial launch", "Christer Fuglesang is an astronaut and professor at KTH Royal Institute of Technology, while also working half time as Space Advisor for Saab, in the Strategy Group. At KTH Fuglesang is responsible for the AeroSpace Master program and he teaches a course in Human Spaceflight. Fuglesang is Director of KTH Space Center, within which he initiated a student CubeSat satellite project, MIST. Fuglesang\u00b4s own research is about particles in space: radiation on the International Space Station (ISS) since many years and lately he joined JEM-EUSO, a large international project to study ultra-high energy cosmic rays from ISS.\nFuglesang retired from ESA in March 2017. For 18 years, he was an active ESA astronaut. He trained one year at the European Astronaut Centre in Cologne, followed by three years in Russia where he was back-up for the EuroMir95 mission. In 1996 he moved to NASA\u00b4s Johnson Space Centre in Houston and became a Mission Specialist for the Space Shuttle. Fuglesang performed t", "An oil change at your local Cortland NY auto shop: Sounds simple, but there's some pretty important things to know about preventing oil sludge.\nOil eventually starts to turn into jelly. Literally \u2013 petroleum jelly. Sludge clogs up oil passages and keeps oil from getting to some areas of the engine, causing parts to wear out prematurely. And that means expensive engine repairs.\nThat's why you need to change the oil and oil filter on schedule \u2013 to get the old oil out before it turns to sludge. Your manufacturer will have a recommendation for how many miles you can go between oil changes. They also usually have a number of months between recommended oil changes. That's because the detergents and other additives in the oil break down over time.\nYour owner's manual will have a recommendation for time and mileage, but you need to remember that it's based on using the recommended weight of oil. And if your vehicle came from the factory with synthetic oil, the recommended intervals assume you continue to use synthetic.\nAlso how you drive around Cortland NY can have a big effect. Most owner's manuals will have a list of driving conditions that are harder on your vehicle. Things like stop and go driving", "never been easier. All of our floor plans feature carpeted floors, a fully-equipped kitchen, spacious closets and your own balcony or patio! You won't find this exciting standard of apartment living anywhere else.\nResidents at Meadow Ridge Apartment Homes enjoy community amenities suited for any lifestyle. We are proud to feature a pet-friendly environment, picnic areas with barbecue, tranquil atmosphere, ample parking and a shimmering swimming pool with Wi-Fi to ensure that all of your needs are met. We would love to give you a personal tour, come visit us and see why so many people call us home", "Home made fatty sex\nDuration. Bbw From Pof Amazing Head And. fatty meet at the corner, fucked at.\nHymen sex video virgin free videos found on xvideos for this. Midnight. Dating site for chinese dating sites how i met your mother when do robin and barney start. Young couple getting busy on ass to mouth at the shaved snatch at the nudist old hag showing off monster titties at the shoe. Now its time watch them all, images loading as fast as possible from cdn servers and all the pages are friendly for mobile phones and tablets, so lets the pussy show begin.\nNow, with innumerable bi dating websites available today, choosing the right one can be a daunting. Totally spies threesome nude via. Channels most viewed videos. Indian teen tgp video porn videos.\nBest homemade real hidden sex with a beautiful ass.\nFind the best Homemade Fatty Sex videos right here and discover why our sex tube is visited by millions of porn lovers Nothing but the highest quality Homemade Fatty Sex porn on Redtub.\nHomemade fatty. Full hd full movie marc dorcel cury girls vol full free hd sexo film naughty america family full fuck movie full incest movie full hd p full movie porn parody full xxx movies xvldeos long, home made fatty sex. Home made Housewife.\nThe difference is whether she makes me work for the best way to avoid becoming a hookup is to not sleep with the guy unless he makes a bit of. Fatty concerning a. Do duk ui also known as thiefs episodes. Fatty loves her lon", "nded. Return new mixture to saucepan with remaining milk. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is thick enough to coat the back of a wooden spoon, being careful to not let the milk get too hot and curdle.\nPrepare an ice-water bath. Remove saucepan from heat; immediately stir in cream. Pass mixture through a sieve set over a medium bowl. Place bowl in ice-water bath; chill.\nWhen the custard mix is cold, freeze in ice-cream maker according to instructions. (If you put it in the ice cream maker too early, the frozen compartment of the ice cream maker will defrost and the ice cream won\u2019t properly \u201cfreeze\u201d and will be very soft.)\nFinely chop remaining 2 sprigs mint. Add mint and chocolate; mix in machine until combined, about 30 seconds. Store in an airtight container.", "What recommendations should the task force focus on to address ethical issues in the workplace at Davenport Hospital", "Who holds the record for the most red cards in football", "rs (The Honeycomb Trilogy) schooled us all with his master-class on Wes Craven's \"The Serpent and the Rainbow.\"\nThis wasn't just your run-of-the-mill geeking out\u2026 This was thesis work. This was a sharp intellectual eye turned towards a genre that deserves this kind of attention all day, every day. Because these guests\u2026 well, they really raised the bar. So thank you for all your hard work Glenn, Alan, Mac and Rob.\nClick here for pics: http://on.fb.me/MOwuXu\nOur next show will be in October\u2026 I can't say anything just yet, but we've got a surprise line-up for the Halloween season. This show's gonna be one for the history books, believe me. Check back here for updates soon enough!\nJune 24, 2012Related: Fear-Mongers\n\u201c(Chapman is) a horror-drunk storytelling virtuoso master idiot. \u201d\n\u2014 Time Out New Yor", "Where and when is the softcover launch of Cancer Crossing taking place", "What color will be exclusive to Guettler's 2013 The Living frame", "What types of floor plans are offered at Meadow Ridge Apartment Homes", "up as Cowboy Coffee, Norwegian Coffee, Camping Coffee, Farmer in the Dell Coffee, Church Basement Coffee and Egg Coffee - just to name a few.\nHave you ever had coffee like this and, if so, did you drop the egg on top of the grounds like the ladies in my church or did you mix the two together?\nI'd be interested in hearing from you. I'll pass along some of your comments tomorrow morning.", "k of possible injuries.\nPre & Postnatal Pilates\nI am also trained and qualified in pre and post-natal pilates. Back pain during pregnancy is very common due to the changes within the body. Pilates can help to improve posture throughout your pregnancy, support your back and pelvis. It also concentrates on pelvic floor muscles to help prepare for birth and to promote a quick recovery. Pilates is a safe and effective way to exercise and can be practiced throughout your pregnancy and within days afterwards.\nIt is extremely important when signing up to any form of pilates class that the instructor is fully qualified in the technique. I trained with the Pilates Institute in Central London and over the years have developed my teaching knowledge further. I now hold a Level 3 Diploma certificate for Pilates which is the highest standard qualification there is in this very specified technique.", "What experience did the author highlight about their trip to Grand Teton National Park", "What does Ohio law require from oil and gas land professionals regarding compensation", "tely uncover, classify, & guard delicate data in AWS.\nTogether with the onset of the online world and e-commerce websites, which allow clients to buy tickets online, the recognition of the provider has amplified.\nOne among the biggest online-only fashion outlets on this planet, ASOS is definitely an Australian favorite thanks to its wide selection of makes and reasonably priced price ranges.\nDigital camera Paradise https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dOzTJRycvY appears to be situated in Hong Kong, but gives transport to Australia, with deliveries arriving inside 4 days to most areas, but up to ten times for distant addresses.\nIt will take for good for some stuff to get obtained And that i placed 3 orders, 1 I bought and 2 have been purported to be in this article 15 times back and I other however have not gotten it. I can't even talk to another person at Customer Service and haven't listened to again on the grievances I've put about not acquiring my moved here item.\nThere exists evidence that there have been significant changes in Amazon rainforest vegetation over the past 21,000 decades in the Very last Glacial Highest (LGM) and subsequent deglaciation. Analyses of sediment deposits from Amazon basin paleolakes and from your Amazon Fan suggest that rainfall from the basin in the course of the LGM was reduced than for the current, which was Nearly unquestionably affiliated with lessened moist tropical vegetation deal with within the basin.[ten] There is discussion, nevertheless, over how comprehensive this reduction was.\nThe long-lasting is really online an Australian-primarily based big vogue retailer. It stocks A selection of each very affordable and designer trend models for men pop over to this site and ladies", "- Is a straight red card a 3 match ban?\n- What happens if goalkeeper is red carded?\n- What happens if 4 players are sent off?\n- How many times did Ronaldo get a red card?\n- Can you replace a red carded player?\n- Can a goalkeeper leave the box?\n- Who has more red cards Football?\n- What happens if you get 5 red cards?\n- Which player has no red card?\n- Can a referee give a coach a red card?\n- How long is a straight red card ban in GAA?\n- Do red cards carry over?\n- Who is the best defender in the world?\n- Can a goalie get a handball?\n- Can you get 2 red cards one?\n- Why did son get a red card?\n- Who is the most red card in the world?\n- How many games does a player miss for a red card?\nIs a straight red card a 3 match ban?\nStraight red cards for dissent will result in a two-match ban, while dangerous tackles or violent conduct will result in a three-match ban which can be raised to four or more games in extreme cases..\nWhat happens if goalkeeper is red carded?\nWhat happens if a goalkeeper gets a red card? If a goalkeeper receives a red card, the same thing happens to any other on the pitch \u2013 they get dismissed. The team is then reduced to 10 players, and must call on the substitute goalkeeper to replace the dismissed one and re-jig their formation.\nWhat happens if 4 players are sent off?\nIn effect, a maximum of 4 on-field players of the same team can be dismissed. \u2026 If the referee has red-carded 4 players and all 7 substitutes of each team (22 players in total), the game can still continue, provided there are no further red cards to players of either side.\nHow many times did Ronaldo get a red card?\nChampions League: The 11 times Cristiano Ronaldo has been shown a red card | MARCA in English.\nCan you replace a red carded player?\nIf a player receives a red card, he is immediately dismissed from the field of play and can play not further part in the match. The player who is dismissed cannot be replaced; his team must play the remainder of the game with one fewer player.\nCan a goalkeeper leave the box?\nThe penalty area, also known as the 18-yard box, clearly defines where on the field a goalie may handle the ball. A goalkeeper can leave his box whenever he likes, but it always carries an element of risk.\nWho has more red cards Football?\nGerardo BedoyaGerardo Bedoya The fighting midfielder amassed an incredible 46 red cards during his spell as a soccer player. Gerardo regularly appeared to be befuddled with regards to whether he was in the octagon or on a football pitch.\nWhat happens if you get 5 red cards?\nWhen the number of players in a team falls definitely below seven (e.g. by five players sent off with red cards, or by injured players with no substitutions left, or a combination of both), the match is forfeited.\nWhich player has no red card?\nRaul GonzalezRaul Gonzalez The \u2018Prince of Spanish football\u2019 as he is fondly called, Raul Gonzalez is one such", "- Direct deposit withdrawals: Requests for cash withdrawals can be sent directly to your bank account, provided we have your banking information on file.\n- Set up a pre-authorized debit plan for automatic monthly withdrawals from your bank account to pay the premiums on your life and health policies, or to regularly contribute to your investment policy.\nIf you have any questions, please contact our Customer Service department at 1.800.688.4095. For additional contact information, please visit our Get in Touch page", "What are the favorite book series of the speaker", "Let us cook for your next event. We can whip up tamales, tacos & drinks made completely from scratch with whole, local, organic, and sustainable ingredients. Contact us for availability.\nM", "What is the cost of the books being sold and where does the money go", "1. Introduction to the criminal courts in Hong Kong.\nThere are seven Magistrates' Courts in Hong Kong and the Magistrates hear a wide range of summary and indictable offences. The maximum sentence a Magistrate can impose generally is two years imprisonment for a single offence, and three years imprisonment where there are two or more indictable offences being dealt with at the same time. The Magistrate may also in general impose a maximum fine of $100,000. However, some Ordinances give Magistrates a greater power to sentence up to three years imprisonment and a fine of $5,000,000. Magistrates hear cases without a jury.\nMinor offences such as hawking, traffic contraventions and littering are heard in the Magistrates' Courts by Special Magistrates. Special Magistrates cannot impose a prison sentence and the maximum fine is $50,000.\nThe Magistrates' Courts also deal with certain preliminary procedures before the more serious indictable offences are transferred to the District Court or the Court of First Instance of the High Court. The procedure to be conducted by the Magistrate before transferring a case to the Court of First Instance is called the \"Committal proceeding\". This is basically a screening test to make sure that cases will only be \"committed\" for a trial with jury in the Court of First Instance if the prosecution can provide enough evidence before the Magistrate to establish a prima facie case against the accused person.\nThe Juvenile Court is located in the Magistrates' Court and hears charges against young pe", "Nir\u2019s Note: In this guest post, Ryan Hoover, Director of Product at PlayHaven, utilizes my thinking on the \u201cHabit Zone\u201d to shed light on where Turntable.fm fell short. Ryan blogs at ryanhoover.me and you can follow him on Twitter at rrhoover.\nRemember Turntable? When it first launched in May of 2011, the music service seemed to own the internet, growing from zero to over 420,000 monthly active users (MAU) only two months later . Unfortunately, that growth didn\u2019t last long as many of its early adopters ditched the service. It is now estimated to have only 20 \u2013 50,000 MAU\u2019s, a fraction of its early peak .\nAs I described nearly two years ago, much of Turntable\u2019s success was due to its well-executed social engagement loop; however, that wasn\u2019t enough. So what went wrong?\nTurntable failed to create long-lasting habits , leaving it vulnerable to competitors who more quickly became a daily part of users lives. Nir Eyal, a researcher on habit design and blogger at NirAndFar.com, posits that habits form when users have a high perceived utility and use a product frequently. The most sticky products are used multiple times a day. How often have you checked your email or Twitter feed today? In other words, users need to value the product and use it often to form lasting habits and enter the \u201chabit zone\u201d as represented by the graph below.\nOne of the most common complaints about Turntable is its demand for attention. It is both its greatest strength and weakness.\nUnlike traditional music services, Turntable is designed for social interaction where users listen to music together in real-time. Everything takes place in a virtual room, filled with head-bobbing avatars and DJ\u2019s carefully curating their playlist. Users express thei", "Furnishing or acquiring an believed coverage quote by us won't guarantee you can find the coverage. Acceptance by insurance policy firms is predicated on things like occupation, overall health and Life-style.\nHow does one Get the paws on runway parts before the rest of the fashionable set? This is The trick: go surfing to Moda Operandi. The online retailer allows you to pre-order seems straight with the runway by using a trunkshow that\u2014warning!\nSaba provides identical-working day delivery to the two Sydney and Melbourne, whilst David Jones presents exact-day shipping and delivery to Sydney only. In some instances, retailers will provide you with cost-free express delivery if you order a particular volume. Surfstitch provides totally free Categorical delivery on orders about $25.\nFree Shipping NCAA Auburn Locker Home Comforter: Readily available in many sizesCovers are one hundred pc polyester jersey on top rated and bottom sideFilled with 100% polyester battingLogos are screenprinted brilliant and Daring on a team-colored jersey comforterMachine washable in heat waterTumble dry on minimal heat\nWhy not drop asleep with this particular terrific Jersey Mesh Comforter! Comforters are made of reliable a hundred% polyester jersey mesh, just like the gamers wear!\nExactly how much have you invested, whether acquired or rented, on picked forms of electronic media at Amazon over the past 12 months?\nAmazon S3 is the only real cloud storage platform that supports a few various kinds of encryption. S3 features refined integration with AWS CloudTrail to log, check and retain storage API call routines for auditing. Amazon S3 is the sole cloud storage platform with Amazon Macie, which makes use of equipment Studying to immedia", "Located in the beautiful and prestigious green area of district XII in the Buda Hills, Britannica is truly a multicultural British style school offering education at the highest standard for both local and international students.\nThe foundation of our educational programme is the National Curriculum for England which is enhanced to reflect our truly international nature.\nIn our Secondary Department, we offer the International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE), Advanced Subsidiary Levels (AS) and Advanced Levels (A Levels), provide graduating students with gold standard diplomas for entry to leading universities around the world.\nIn recent years our public examination scores have been above the UK national average and our A level grades have allowed our students to enter many prestigious universities, both in Hungary and overseas. The school is a registered Cambridge International Examinations Centre, an accredited Pearson Edexcel International Exam Centre and a full member of the Council of International Schools. This has many benefits.\nAt Britannica, we challenge and nurture our students to become responsible, respectful and resolute global citizens. Within our caring and diverse international community, they evolve into independent and inquisitive lifelong learners, happily striving for excellence in everything they do.\nLearning & teaching\nBritannica International School is a community for effective teaching and learning. We seek to develop self-esteem and enjoyment in learning through a stimulating and supportive environment that provides everyone with opportunities to achieve their potential in the intellectual, physical, moral and social domains. Our curriculum is inclusive and differentiated. Planning is consistent and appropriate.\n- Global citizens\n- Life-long learners\n\"We have thoroughly enjoyed our two years at Britannica and have highly recommended the school to other Embassy families.", "Where to start? It\u2019s so hard to write down about a Pulitzer book that is so appreciated by the readers worldwide and yet so controversial. I won\u2019t hide my opinion and tell it straight away: this book was a bit disappointing. A bit more. I was expecting to find a fresh, interesting, modern and yet captivating story, but what I have read was a passive story with a tired character.\nCould Less have been More than a single gay man refusing to confront his past?\nLess is a fifty years old writer who has lived with a Pulitzer prize winning genius before. One day, he gets an invitation to his ex\u2019s wedding with another man, which turns his world upside down. In order to avoid his ex-partner\u2019s impending wedding, he decides to travel the world. So he goes to Italy, Germany, Morocco, and Japan where he will", "g dildo Duration.\nMonths ago xHamster homemade, rough, xhamster hard sex, i fucked, rough movies com, bbw amateur.\nGranny Fucking And Licking By Her minSuprflx.k Views. Bottom. Ebony Black Fatty XXX Sex Big Butt - Watch Black BBW Porn, Big Huge Ebony Tits Porno - Big Butt Porn Sex Videos to Watch Free.\nFatty sex homemade, videos. Thai girl big gangbang. Punk - porn these punk girls might be a lot for some to handle, but their intensity during sex is definitely a sight to.\nHomemade Last added gallery min Email Password. Jocks masturbate, women whose exotic looks can stop traffic and captivate audiences. Big show watch watch porn on nintendo dsi sex video, free mobile pc.\nThe Mature. Sexy teen babe goes crazy riding an hard! Anya olsenlucy doll naughty sluty hot girl love cash and bang hard for it clip. Wild. Take a look at this list and youll see the long roster of hookups, exes and lindsay lohans.\nMany people have tricks to guess the sex of the baby by the pregnant belly of the. her body huge anus and boobs make you horny all day.\nHomemade, Amateur, Homemade Threesome, Homemade Anal, Homemade Wife, Hidden and much. Several.\nHomemade sexy village pakistani couple indian village women bathing nude in open caught pakistani village girl fucking hiding against wall. Join hippie dating service and meet other members of our counterculture community with just a few mouse, hippie dating. years Busty BBW Claudia Solo at.Really young beautiful nude boy.", "s.\nMake a note of your favourite mixes then scale up production to fill the gift bottles!\nUse the fun personality chart to discover the best blend of fragrances for you and your friends!\n- Not suitable for children under 3 years old.\n- Only for domestic use.\n- To be used under the direct supervision of an adult.\n- Contains fragrances that may cause allergies.\n- This product contains no.", "ciples of Archery like how to balance, push, turn, proper foot placement, and how to stop. Irrespective, of where you are at.. you can benefit from personalized instruction to meet your skill level.\nWhat you will learn:\n[googlemaps addr=\u2019Parrott GA\u2019 zoom=\u201912\u2019 width=\u2019450\u2032 height=\u2019450\u2032]\nParrott GA Archery Lessons\nArchery Lessons of Parrott is here to help people of all ages that wants to participate in the lifestyle and skilled regiment of archery. We take great archery in helping people of all ages.\nArchery Lessons is passionate in it\u2019s desire to provide the means through it\u2019s Parrott Archery School to being a confident archery, by providing the premiere school for all ages and abilities throughout [state1]", "What are the main ingredients for making mint chocolate chip ice cream", "What are the costs and options for before and after school care at The Learning Lamp", "What educational programs and qualifications does Britannica International School offer to its students", "What type of videos does the text segment primarily promote", "What options are available for making withdrawals or payments related to policies from the text segment", "How does the man's appearance and demeanor contrast with the noble origins of his clothes", "What pets does Alex have in addition to living in Singapore with his family", "m. Since then, I\u2019ve become rather unapologetic for my own actions. I don\u2019t say I\u2019m sorry when I step on someone\u2019s feet. I don\u2019t even feel obligated to hold doors for people behind me. It\u2019s not malicious, it\u2019s just the way it is.\nI\u2019m also going to stare way more than it is socially acceptable in the United States. On the 2 minute, 45 second elevator ride in the metro, you can stare at cute boys, ugly haircuts, couples making out, whatever your little heart desires. And you\u2019ll be stared at back. It\u2019s totally, totally okay. In the United States, stares usually indicate you wore something hideous or too revealing. In Russia, it\u2019s probably just the product of boredom.\nSo here\u2019s an I\u2019m sorry, in advance.", "What is the title of the song released by Camidoh from his EP 'A Lifetime Is Not Enough'", "out a broker, so not sure how you can be bound to hire someone - caveat emptor ..\nYou're over thinking this. This ruling has no implications to the individual landowner/mineral owner to negotiate a lease on their own. The ruling only has to do with land professionals. The landowner/mineral owner will continue to be able to sign leases, as they always have, with or without the help of a professional working on their behalf.\nMan, I hope you're right", "What frustrations does the author express about the novel 'Less' and its main character", "What are the differences between manual and automatic soap dispensers", "Bike check: Chris Courtenay\nChris Courtenay put together a fresh new 2013 Teddy frame a few weeks ago & here it is.\nChris\u2019s Colony parts list is as follows\u2026\nFrame: 2013 Colony Teddy V3 20.85\u2033\nFork: Colony Dagger\nBars: Colony Bull Bars\nStem: Colony Official\nCranks: Colony Colonial V2\nSprocket: Colony CC 25T\nPedals: Colony Fantastic Plastic\nFront Wheel:", "What is the role of menthol in Ice Power products regarding pain relief and muscle recovery", "What are some types of coffee mentioned in the text segment", "What factors determine acceptance by insurance policy firms according to the text", "r love or disgust for the music by up or down voting tunes while exchanging quips, debating song selection, and conversing through a chat feed. However, this interactive experience requires additional brain cycles that users often can\u2019t afford.\nMusic is largely a background experience, consumed alongside other primary activities such as working, running, or driving. In comparison, services like Spotify and Pandora are easy and far less demanding. Once Turntable\u2019s novelty faded, its users returned to less obtrusive, \u201clean back\u201d experiences that didn\u2019t interfere with their day-to-day activities.\nAnd that was Turntable\u2019s fatal flaw \u2013 its infrequent usage compared to other competitors  due to the additional effort involved in using the service. If we are to assume users value both services equally, those used more frequently become the habit and take dominant position in the user\u2019s mind.\nHabit formation is becoming increasingly important as not only a competitive advantage, but a bar for entry. All products, even those creating new markets, are competing against existing habits and habits are hard to change.\nHabits, or a lack thereof, killed Turntable.\nThis guest post was written by Ryan Hoover\n Turntable initially required Facebook to login and use the service. According to AppData, Turntable\u2019s usage peaked at approximately 420K monthly active users in mid-July, 2011.\n Nir defines a habit as \u201ca behavior that occurs nearly or completely without cognition\u201d.\n It\u2019s no coincidence that Turntable\u2019s gradual decline in mid-2011 was also around the same time as Spotify\u2019s U.S. launch.\n I use the word \u201ckill\u201d superfluously. Turntable is an awesome service and I enjoy the occasional jam session but there\u2019s no arguing its decline", "for before and after school care is $4.25 per hour or $23 for a full day. Parents may enroll students for as many days as needed. Subsidized care is available for families who qualify. For more information on child care subsidy, call 1-800-492-9292. To register, call us at 814-262-0732 or 1-855-301-LAMP (5267)!\nThe Learning Lamp is a nonprofit agency with a mission of engaging students in the support they need to succeed in school. We offer one-to-one tutoring, educationally-focused child care and preschool, after school programs, summer camp and summer school. Visit www.thelearninglamp.org for details.", "Hey there! I\u2019m Alex! Welcome to my blog. I live in Singapore with my family, two dogs and my cat named Suki. I am a figure skater/ b", "What are the consequences of not changing the oil and oil filter on schedule", "I scream, you scream, we all scream for\u2026\nMint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream\n(we promise, once you\u2019ve had the real stuff, you\u2019ll never go back to fake mint ice cream!)\n2 1/2 cups whole milk\n20 sprigs fresh mint\n5 large egg yolks\n2/3 cup sugar\n1 cup heavy cream\n4 ounces semisweet chocolate, chopped\nIn a medium saucepan, combine milk and 18 sprigs of mint. Bring to a gentle boil, cover, and remove pan from heat. Let steep (with cover on) for 30 minutes (or longer for stronger mint flavor).\nStrain mixture; reserve milk, and discard solids.\nCombine egg yolks and sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with paddle attachment. Beat at medium-high speed until very thick and pale yellow, 3 to 5 minutes.\nReturn milk to a simmer. Add half of the warm milk to egg-yolk mixture; whisk until ble", "How can email marketing be effectively integrated with social media strategies according to the text", "What precautions should be taken when using this fragrance product", "For Fast Pain Relief!\nIce\u00ae Power is the world\u2019s leader in cryotherapy products originating from Finland - a country that knows well about cold weather. The Ice\u00ae Power product line includes a wide range of cryotherapy products which have been manufactured in Finland for over 20 years.\nThe Ice\u00ae Power products are CE-marked, indicating conformity with health, safety, and environmental protection standards of the E.U.\n1. Cooling \u2013 Decreases the skin temperature in a controlled manner\n2. Control \u2013 Affects to", "What is the maximum sentence a Magistrate can impose for a single offence in Hong Kong", "meet different people and have some hook-ups.\nI thought these journeys will help him escape from his depression and that passiveness. But no, it was like Less was extending his anxiety and the internal issues. He encounters lots of situations in his traveling that could help him grow, but he chose just to remember he\u2019s old and his pain for the ex-relationship.\nThe point of the \u201cLess\u201d novel\nI must confess I am frustrated about this book because it got a Pulitzer prize and I can\u2019t get it. Less is for me the example of people who are dreading when they get old. He is weak while he should have the courage to face his ex. I felt mercy and that\u2019s all.\nMaybe it was me, but I was expecting something funny and inspiring though. Certain elements had potential, but in the end, I won\u2019t recommend this book", "Archery has been influenced by many archers throughout the ages. 79 % of seasoned archers polled who had used a bow in the most recent year were under the age of forty, and 59 % were male.\nThe most significant change has been the generation that did archery in their youth and have grown up with the Lord of The Rings explosion into the global mainstream of competitive sports and sees it as a participation activity for their children led by competitive athletes who are affiliated and instruct for our brand and web site.\nAre you having trouble learning How to Shoot a Bow? Is the fear of falling keeping you from progressing? Learn all of the basics of Archery fast in a one-week camp. We will teach you the prin", "wo missions with the Space Shuttle Discovery to the International Space Station in 2006 (STS-116) and 2009 (STS-128). During these missions he performed five EVAs (space walks).\nBetween 2010 and 2013 Fuglesang was Head of the Science and Applications Division in ESA\u2019s Human Spaceflight Directorate, stationed at ESTEC in the Netherlands. This was followed by four years of secondment from ESA to Sweden, working at KTH and for the Swedish National Space Board. Fuglesang\u2019s background is in experimental particle physics. In 1987 he earned a Ph.D. from Stockholm University in this field and worked at CERN 1988-1991.\nFuglesang is chairman of the Boards for the Swedish National Museum of Science and Technology and the G\u00f6ran Gustafsson Foundation for Research in Natural Sciences and Medicine. He has written a book about his first space flight and life as an astronaut (13 dygn i rymden efter 14 \u00e5r p\u00e5 Jorden) and five children books. He is married and has three children.Book this speaker", "Colony Contour\nRear Wheel: Colony Contour\nFront Tyre: Colony Agenda 2.15\u2033\nRear Tyre: Colony Agenda 1.95\u2033\nPegs: Colony Oneway Alloy\nThe colour shown (Powder Blue) won\u2019t actually be available on the Teddy frame as it will be an exclusive colour for Guettler\u2019s 2013 The Living frame. Our 2013 frames & products will be out worldwide from late July.\nYo yo !!", "What are the steps an administrator at an urgent care clinic should take to develop a litigation response plan", "How does the author's approach to social interactions differ between the United States and Russia", "I have a funny feeling that I\u2019m going to return to the states as a total weirdo. Even though I haven\u2019t experienced any sudden culture shock, I\u2019ve noticed myself picking up some utterly Russian habits.\nFor one, I\u2019m much more impolite. Here, smiles are not expected, and neither are words. One time I was on a cramped marshrutka (communal tax-cab) and my arm accidentally got in some woman\u2019s way. She abruptly pushed my hand out of her way and gave me a look\u2014not necessarily dirty, but certainly unfriendly. Although any normal American would have been offended by her rudeness at a clear mistake, I was truthfully relieved. We didn\u2019t have to exchange a single word, and I knew exactly how to solve the proble", "What types of food and beverages can be prepared for events using local, organic, and sustainable ingredients", "What components make up Chris Courtenay's bike using the 2013 Colony Teddy frame", "moisture in the bathroom, the surface of the metal gathers grime build-up and must be wiped clean. They suffer less wear and tear and are extremely long-lasting.\nWhen it comes to aesthetics, there is nothing that quite matches the look of ceramic. Besides, ceramic seems to merge with the look of the sanitary ware in the bathroom. Dispensers made of ceramic are normally manual and come in a sea of gorgeous colours. Easy to clean and maintain their only drawback is easy shattering if dropped accidentally. To prevent that, these may be securely fastened to the wall.\nRoper Rhodes Stream\nCasted in Brass, it ensures safe and hygienic washing of hands for the full family. Fabricated from fine quality material, it has a dazzling chrome finish. Suitable for use in homes and offices, it can be mounted to the wall for convenience.\nThis product from Crosswater, assures a safe, germ-free use and avoids wastage. This bathroom wonder is manufactured from high quality ceramic held together by a chrome finished holder. Its presence will add not only brilliance but also style. Having an elegant oblong form, the wall mounted installation is suitable for use at homes and offices alike. Superior in build, it will last you for years to come.\nExperience the enthralling presence and convenience of the Sagittarius Palermo Soap Dispenser. Sporting exquisite styling and attention to detail, its abstract form is ideal for any modern decor theme. Made from top quality materials, it has a smooth and dazzling chrome finish that has a shinny vibe. It comes in models with one, two and three sections for issuing shampoo, conditioner and shower gel.", "What does FabLab's Invent-a-Scent Perfume kit providing guidance on", "her.\nIntegration With Mobile\nMore and more people open their emails through their mobile devices. Depending on the industry, that number can be as high as 50%. And once they\u2019ve opened your email on their mobile, chances are they won\u2019t reopen it on their computer.\nSo what do you need to do to make your email strategy mobile?\n- Start by testing your email templates to see how they look in different mobile devices.\n- Make sure your call-to-action buttons and links can be easily clicked by readers using touch screens.\n- Offer both plain text and HTML versions of your email.\n- Since your images may not display, pay attention to the descriptions of your alt text under the images.\n- Remember your email is just the beginning of the process. Make sure the landing pages and forms that your email links to are optimized for mobile as well.\nThe online behavior of your customers and prospects is seamless. They go from social media to a website to opening an email to clicking through to a landing page to a download and back to Facebook. They don\u2019t cover their tracks because they don\u2019t have to. But in today\u2019s world of analytics, you need to be able to see the integrated connection between all of these activities, and relying on individual analytics for each channel won\u2019t help. You need a multichannel view that helps you find out information such as:\n- The number of people that clicked through but did not convert.\n- The number of people who converted on your website that came from social media, and, of those, the number that actually opened your last email campaign.\n- Which tactics result in more leads; PPC, organic search, email or social.\nOne of the real benefits to integrated analytics reports is that they help you create highly targeted email campaigns. With integrated marketing analytics, you can segment your mailing list and send communications based on the lead\u2019s history of downloads and pages viewed.\nWith integrated analytic software like HubSpot\u2019s, you can set up smart lists that automatically send an email to a contact when their activity matches your predetermined criteria.\nYou can see how email marketing fits into the inbound marketing puzzle and provides the context you need to make smart decisions on list segmentation and lead nurturing.", "Pilates is a combination of strength and mobility exercises to achieve postural improvement.\nWorking with a neutral pelvis and mild contraction of the deep abdominals, spinal stability can be achieved and consequently benefits gained. A strong centre helps to strengthen and support your spine and promotes postural awareness through all types of activity and also in daily life.\nWhat are the benefits?\nThe Pilates Technique has been used by dancers and professional athletes for many years, but is now becoming a popular method to generate well being. Benefits gained include improved posture, quality of breathing and ease of movement. Clients with asthma, reduced mobility or back pain brought about by poor posture benefit greatly and relatively quickly from Pilates. Anyone with no specific problems can improve their core strength, flexibility and body awareness, therefore reducing the ris", "What is one drawback of ceramic dispensers mentioned in the text", "Camidoh Free Me mp3 download. Off his A Lifetime Is Not Enough EP, Camidoh dishes out this free song tagged \u201cFree Me\u201d. Check it out below and kindly share it wi", "Get help Davenport-University for HCMG 730 . \u201cBecause Congress passed ARRA after passing HIPAA, any conflicting provisions between the two statues will be governed by the provisions of ARRA. Discuss two conflicting provision between the two laws not discussed in the book and explain how the conflict would be resolved. Include a brief explanation of ARRA and HIPAA. You are the administrator of an extended care facility and you have received a summons to appear for a deposition regarding a patient slipped and fall lawsuit in your facility. ], what documents would you bring to the deposition? ] personally prepare for the deposition? Be sure to include how the party seeking to admit the health record must meet the requirements of foundation and trustworthiness. You have just been hired as an administrator for an urgent care clinic. You realize that there is no litigation response plan in place. What steps would you take in developing this plan and what topics would you include? Also Summarize and give your analysis of the verdict of the case employing your own opinion.\nDo you agree with the verdict? Why or why not? ], and no more than 4 pages. Remember to re-state each question prior to answering. Clarify the differences and similarities of traditional negligence theory and res ipsa loquitur. Be sure to include at least two examples of each not discussed in the book. Explain how respondent superior and vicarious liability applies to employees of a health care facility. Include how these doctrines will apply not only to direct care givers but to office personnel and administration as well. This case is located in the case study section in the back of the book on page 17. Answer the two questions listed on page 18 under the case information (The first questions begins with 1: Which form of negligence\u2026). Also answer the following question: Summarize and give your analysis of the verdict of the case employing your own opinion. Do you agree with the verdict? Why or why not? ], and no more than 4 pages. Remember to re-state each question prior to answering. Review each of the ethical concepts and theories address in Chapter 5. Decide which concept or theory best fits with your personal point of view.\nExamine how you have used that concept or theory in the past and decide how you will use it in the future. Explain the use of the following documents- advance directives, living will and durable power of attorney for health care. Refer to appendix E in the textbook which includes examples of these documents. You have been approached by an elderly relative seeking information abo", "ossing Team! Books are only $23 and net proceeds go straight to our cancer patient financial assistance fund!\nCome on down, we'd love to have you!\nEvite to the launch - click here for details", "Learn all about the art of perfume blending and invent gorgeous perfumes to match your personality.\nFabLab\u2019s Invent-a-Scent Perfume kit shows you how to mix just like a professional perfumer.\nInvent a scent to match your style or make great smelling and unique scents for family and friends.\nFollow the 12-page colour-illustrated activity guide to learn how to mix & create different scent", "What song by Camidoh should be added to the 2023 music playlist", "player who has never seen a red card during his seventeen years as a player. In a memorable career of over 940 club games and 404 goals and 44 more strikes for Spain, Raul has simply done it all.\nCan a referee give a coach a red card?\nEach coach is responsible for the conduct of every person, including guests on their side of the field. A coach is recognized by MSA as a participant in the match and may receive yellow and red cards from the referee. The referee is not required to warn coaches before issuing either yellow or red cards.\nHow long is a straight red card ban in GAA?\nfour weeksA player ordered off for any foul committed pursuant to Rule 459 shall be shown a straight red card and shall be suspended for a minimum of four weeks.\nDo red cards carry over?\nAt the end of the season, points do not carry over to the next season, but sit outs earned due to red cards or accumulated disciplinary points carry over and must be served the first game(s) of the next season. If a player changes teams, the sit outs follow him and must be served with the new team.\nWho is the best defender in the world?\nRevealed: The 10 Best Centre-Backs In World Football Right Now Have Been RankedMilan Skriniar (Inter Milan)Jerome Boateng (Bayern Munich)Gerard Pique (Barcelona)Aymeric Laporte (Manchester City)Kalidou Koulibaly (Napoli)Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid)Raphael Varane (Real Madrid)Virgil van Dijk (Liverpool)\nCan a goalie get a handball?\nA handball occurs if any player, other than the team\u2019s goalkeeper within his own penalty area, deliberately handles the ball when in play. A ball can be handled with any part of the arm, from the tips of a player\u2019s fingers right up to the shoulder.\nCan you get 2 red cards one?\nNo, because when you are sent off (receive a red card), you have to leave the pitch. However, if after whatever you did to receive the card is seen as very bad by the FA of the country you are playing in, you can get banned for more than 1 game.\nWhy did son get a red card?\nTottenham forward Son Heung-min\u2019s red card for his tackle on Andre Gomes has been overturned by the Football Association. The tackle led to the Everton midfielder\u2019s horrific ankle injury,. Referee Martin Atkinson initially showed Son a yellow card before he changed it to red.\nWho is the most red card in the world?\nFormer Colombian international Gerardo Bedoya is football\u2019s is first on list of players with the most red cards. The defensive midfielder, who played for Racing, Millionarios, Boca Juniors and the Colombian national team was sent off a staggering 46 times.\nHow many games does a player miss for a red card?\nFor example, a sending off due to a second yellow card will result in a one-match ban, as will a red card received for a professional foul. Dissent leading to a red card will generally earn a two-match ban, while violent conduct can be punished with a suspension for three games.", "What are some electronic options offered by Equitable Life for managing investments and insurance policies", "What country is known for producing Ice\u00ae Power cryotherapy products", "allerina and I go to UWCSEA. My favorite books are the Nought\u2019s and Crosses series and the Shatter Me series. Go check out my posts!", "What steps should be taken to optimize email strategies for mobile users", "What principles of archery will be covered in the lessons offered in Parrott, GA", "What was the atmosphere like at the Write In that the author attended", "Photography is the story I fail to put into words.\nBut in case you want to read my words too...\nNorthern Utah Photographer and Videographer\nSo, it's been quite awhile since we made our trip to Grand Teton National Park, and I'm finally getting around to posting it here.\nI LOVE the Tetons! The mountains are just so rugged and beautiful, the air is fresh and the wildlife is usually abundant!\nThe Tetons are most definitely one of my favorite places! This trip though, was extra special! I met a couple of photography gal pals and went shooting with them. The above picture was taken from Signal Mountain--and I woke up at 4 am to get there for the sunrise. It was magical, to say the least! Not only did the sky perform, I got to hang out with my talented friend, Kristen Ryan. (Go check out her website here...you won't regret it!)\nThe sunrise was stunning looking at the Tetons, as well as when I turned around and looked behind me. These pictures were all t", "What happens if a player receives a red card", "What types of cases does the District Court handle, and what is the maximum imprisonment it can impose", "Join us for the launch of Cancer Crossing in softcover at McNally Robinson Booksellers on Sunday, September 13, 2015, 2pm in Grant Park Shopping Mall in Winnipeg, Manitoba!\nMeet the Cancer Cr", "py from her customers. Sara estimates that the demand can be any of the 4 values \u2013 500, 1000, 1500 or 2000 copies per day.\n- Build a model to estimate profit per given number of copiers & demand values\n- Find the mix of copiers & demand values that can make maximum profit for Sara (copiers \u2013 1 to 6, demand \u2013 500 to 2000)\nSlicers are my new favorite feature in Excel. Introduced in Excel 2010, Slicers are like visual filters.\nNow, we can use slicers creatively to make an interactive scenario manager in Excel, as you can see below. We will learn how to create this in Excel in today\u2019s post.Continue \u00bb", "What factors might require someone to change their oil and perform maintenance on a shorter schedule", "What benefits can individuals achieve from practicing Pilates", "Equitable Life has electronic options that make doing business with us easy, seamless and saves paper too.\nThese options include:\n- Equitable Client Access\u00ae By setting up an account, you can access your investment and insurance policy information, statements, letters, and payment details, whenever it\u2019s convenient for you. Sign up now!\n- Online banking: You can make deposits to your Equitable Life savings policies, or make annual premium payments to your insurance policies through online banking. It\u2019s fast and easy.", "Things to Know Before you Buy Soap Dispensers\nIn modern times, you simply cannot imagine a bathroom without a soap dispenser. These accessories dispense liquid soap which is a more hygienic alternative to ordinary soap. Soap dispensers come with different mechanisms.\nManual & Automatic\nManually activated Dispensers come in bottles with a pump inside. The manual mechanism can be used to dispense liquid, foam or even powder. Some work by using a large button which releases liquid when pressed while others work using a lever mechanism. More suitable for domestic set-ups. The Automatic Dispensers are hands-free and generally powered by batteries. These work with a touch-free mechanism that dispenses liquid or foam using sensors. Sensors detect hand motions and activate to release soap or sanitizer and other cleaners. Ideal for commercial areas to maintain hygiene and keep germs at bay.\nLike every other bathroom product, accessories also matter, both in terms of looks and functionality. Apart from homes, accessories such as soap dispensers find extensive use in commercial establishments like restrooms and hotels. There is a multitude of choices to choose from when it comes to the material and its quality.\nPlastic or PVC is a popular material used in the manufacture of manual dispensers. Their advantage is that they come in a range of colours, are cheap and can be easily replaced. On the downside, plastic models are easily worn out and can also be easily vandalized or destroyed.\nMetal units are heavier and more durable than plastic. Therefore, when mounting to a wall, these need to be installed with secure fixings. Due to", "pain sensory nerves by decreasing the skin temperature\n3. Circulation \u2013 Increases the blood circulation which promotes muscle recovery and relaxation\nIce\u00ae\ufe0f Power provides:\nMenthol is a substance of natural origin, which is obtained from vegetable mint oil by steam distillation. Menthol contained in Ice Power products is effective in pain relief and recovery. Menthol decreases the pain sensation and muscle soreness following from physical exercise and exertion, improves strength and fastens the recovery", "How should the custard mixture be prepared before being frozen in an ice-cream maker", "Does the ruling mentioned affect the ability of landowners or mineral owners to negotiate leases independently", "Probably the most integral component to any great talk-show is getting great guests. Line up the right roster and they'll make your job a hell of a lot easier. Thank God for my guests at our last \"Fear-Mongers\" event. What was the biggest boon, however, was how each of my guests went out of their way to turn our last Tuesday's show into a mega-event\u2026 Glenn McQuaid (\"I Sell the Dead\" and \"V/H/S\") made a special video-mashup of his favorite anthology horror films just for us. Alan Rowe Kelly (\"Gallery of Fear\" and \"I'll Bury You Tomorrow\") dissected the original \"Dark Shadows\" like we were in AP biology class. Rob Kuhns previewed the first fifteen minutes from his new documentary \"Year of the Living Dead,\" focussing on the making of George Romero's original \"Night of the Living Dead.\" And Mac Roge", "What was the author's overall opinion of the book 'Less'", "Digital marketers use many different tactics to market their products \u2013 search, social media, mobile, analytics and advertising to name a few. Be sure to include email in your digital marketing mix. In fact, email is most effective when it\u2019s integrated with the rest of your marketing. Here are some ways you can integrate email marketing with your larger inbound marketing strategy.\nEmail & Social Media Integration\nNumbers rarely lie. In a recent study from Aberdeen Research, 65% of the top 20% of B2B marketers who use social media for lead generation choose to integrate email with social media.\nThe nice thing is that you can mimic the success of this group more easily than you think. Here are some tactics to get you started.\nAdd Social Media Sharing Buttons To Your Emails\nIf you are interested in extending the reach of your email and expand the visibility of your content and brand, try adding social media sharing and follow buttons to your emails. It\u2019s simple, easy to do and effective.\nSend Email Based On Social Media Insights\nIf you use integrated marketing analytics, or integrated marketing software like Hubspot, you can easily determine which leads or subscribers have mentioned you on Twitter. These are highly engaged leads and deserve targeted sends.\nGrow Your Email List Through Social Media\nWe\u2019ve found that those who engage with you on social media are excellent leads. So give them a reason to subscribe to your email list. Offer them a tantalizing call-to-action on your Facebook page, and be sure to make it clear why signing up for an email subscription will benefit them.\nEmail & Search Integration\nYou know that link at the top of many emails that offers people a chance to view the email on their web browser? Not only does this help people who have trouble viewing the email in their inbox, it can also help with your search optimization.\nWhen you host an html version of your email on the web, you are creating an archive of that email that is accessible to search engines. With that in mind, make sure your email content follows SEO best practices such as:\n- Use your best keywords\n- Anchor text when constructing the body of the message\n- Ensure all images have alt-tags\n- Include social media sharing buttons to stretch the content furt", "What was notable about the discussion led by the guests regarding Wes Craven's film 'The Serpent and the Rainbow'", "What significant changes have occurred in Amazon rainforest vegetation over the past 21,000 years", "What are the fixed and variable costs associated with Sara's copy shop problem", "Recently read where Ohio law requires oil and gas land professionals to hold a broker\u2019s license to be compensated.\nCould / does (in some twisted way) mean landowners / Mineral owners are BOUND to hire a Real Estate Broker to legally negotiate a lease agreement or face having to go to court and sue / settle to collect their negotiated Delay Rental ( Sign-On Bonus / Royalty ? ?\ncan do a sale by owner for real estate in Ohio? You can probably buy with", "What method did the ladies in the author's church use to brew coffee on Sunday mornings", "What are the demand values that Sara estimates for her customers", "What demographic statistics are provided about seasoned archers in the text", "All articles with 'breakeven model' Tag\nLast week, I asked you to share an analysis problem that you couldn\u2019t solve in Excel. We got quite a few very interesting problems in comments and email. In this post, let me explain how to solve Sara\u2019s copy shop problem using Excel.\nWhat is Sara\u2019s copy shop problem?\nThanks to Caroline who posted this problem.\nSara wants to open a copy shop. Each copier costs $5,000 per year to lease. The rent & other fixed costs per month are $300. There is a $0.02 variable cost per copy. Each copier can print up to 100,000 copies per year. She plans to charge $0.11 per co", "in Cortland, short trips to , driving in very hot or very cold weather, heavy loads and towing. If some of your driving fits this, you may need to change your oil and do other maintenance on a shorter schedule.\nThis may sound complicated. Some vehicles in NY have an oil life calculator that takes all of these factors into account and tells you when you should change your oil. Otherwise, talk with your NY service advisor at O'Shea Tire Service about how you drive and get her recommendation for when to take care of your service.\nFinally, if any of the steering or suspension parts can be lubed, your technician at O'Shea Tire Service will take care of that with a lube, oil and filter service.\nThe most important thing you can do to keep your vehicle running for a long time is to change your oil on schedule. With a full service oil change, your other fluids are checked and topped off so you don't run into problems from low fluids. You technician may see a developing problem and he'll remind you of any other recommended maintenance. At O'Shea Tire Service in Cortland we install quality NAPA replacement parts. Give us a call at 607.753.3329 and let us help keep you safely and economically on the road", "oist and delicious!! The Zucchini-Chipotle was my fav!!\nOur main hub is the Athens Farmers Market.\n1000 E State St, Athens, OH 45701\n9:00 AM \u2014 1:00 PM (April - November)\n9:00 AM \u2014 12:00 PM", "What roles did Fuglesang hold at ESA and in Sweden between 2010 and 2013", "What did Glenn McQuaid do for the 'Fear-Mongers' event", "What benefits does pre and post-natal Pilates offer for women during and after pregnancy", "What led to the decline of Turntable according to the text", "What features and amenities do residents at Meadow Ridge Apartment Homes enjoy", "Remember Egg Coffee?\nWe had a discussion on the radio this morning about, what I referred to as, \"Lutheran Coffee.\"\nWhen I was growing up, the ladies in our church would brew coffee every Sunday morning by first dropping a raw egg on top of the coffee grounds.\nWhat purpose it actually served, I don't know. More flavor perhaps?\nOther listeners then phoned in and said they knew it growing", "m its original green dye work, and his trousers had a similar well traveled look.\nDespite his rumpled style, though, the man had a face full of youth and health, much more befitting the noble origins of his clothes. Blue eyes regarded them with a sharp intelligence that contrasted with his shy stance.\n\u201cAh. Hello,\u201d he stammered. \u201cI admit I\u2019m a bit unsure of how to greet you.\u201d\n\u201cMost people start with hello, so you\u2019re off to a promising start,\u201d Tarin said. In anyone else\u2019s voice it might have been cutting sarcasm. In his, it was gentle and delivered without an ounce of teasing.", "What types of pornographic content are mentioned in the text segment", "Meadow Ridge Apartment Homes is your Gateway to fun and Excitement in Norwich.\nMeadow Ridge Apartment Homes in Norwich, Connecticut offers apartment living with luxury. Our convenient location near Wisconsin Ave. and Winnenden Road gives you easy access to great dining, schools, and shopping. We are minutes away from all the perks our city has to offer. Meadow Ridge Apartment Homes is your gateway to fun and excitement in Norwich.\nMeadow Ridge Apartment Homes offers two beautiful and functional floor plans, with your choice of one and two bedrooms. Finding the right apartment to fit your needs has", "What noticeable change in behavior does the narrator mention about themselves as they adapt to Russian culture", "th your friends and families.\nAlso Download: Kwaku DMC \u2013 Anigye Ft Black Sherif\nListen to free me song by camidoh and kindly add it to your 2023 music playlist.", "ut her options in planning for future medical care in the event she is unable to communicate her wishes or otherwise direct her care. How would you respond? What options should you provide? Reflect on the topics discussed this week including your thoughts on how ethics have influenced the law. Choose one of the four major fraud enforcement programs listed in Table 14-3 and explain the tenants of the program. Apply your chosen fraud enforcement program to a health care situation. Explain how this fraud enforcement program may stop fraud from occurring.\nReflect on the topics discussed this week including your thoughts on the Whistle-Blowers. Remember: this reflection should be a minimum of 300 words in length. This case is located in the case analysis section in the back of the book on page109. Answer the three questions listed after the case information on page 110 (the first question begins with1: How do criminal\u2026). Also answer the following question: Summarize and give your analysis of the verdict of the case employing your own opinion. Do you agree with the verdict? Why or why not? ], and no more than 4 pages and re-state each question prior to answering. Davenport Hospital recently experienced negative publicity in the Grand Rapids Michigan community because of some unethical actions taken by three medical coders concerning protected health information. The hospital subsequently took disciplinary action against those employees. Hospital administration has asked you to serve as part of a task force to address ethical issues in the workplace.\nThe work product your task force produces will be used to prevent recurrence of these unethical actions. What areas would you recommend the task force focus on and why? Read \u201cA Patient\u2019s Bill of Rights\u201d located in Appendix D on pages 379-382 in the textbook. Summarize this document then, choose one of the rights listed and apply that to a health care situation addressed in one of the cases you have reviewed. Be sure to include any laws which may apply to the situation. Do you agree with the verdict against the inmates? Why or why not? Is there a constitutional right to smoke? Does this verdict have any application to patients who want to smoke while admitted to a hospital? Would it matter if the hospital is owned privately, by a corporation, by a religious institution or by a county? ] weeks of this class and post your thoughts. Include any epiphanies as well as any drudgery. Remember: this reflection should be a minimum of 300 words in length. You are employed in an administrative position at a large health insurance company", "What is the location and hours of operation for the main hub mentioned in the text", "ople between the age of 10 and 15 (unless it is a case of murder or manslaughter).\nThe District Court deals with indictable offences and may hear all serious criminal cases except manslaughter, murder and rape. The maximum term of imprisonment a District Court judge can impose is seven years. District Court judges also hear cases without a jury.\nCourt of First Instance of the High Court\nThe Court of First Instance deals with indictable offences . There is no general limit as to the length of imprisonment that the Court of First Instance may impose, so that it can impose the maximum penalty that is set out in the legislation creating the offence. Judges of the Court of First Instance hear criminal cases together with a jury. They also hear Magistrate Appeals, where a judge will sit alone and determine appeals from decisions of the Magistrates' Courts.\nCourt of Appeal of the High Court\nThe Court of Appeal hears appeals from the District Court and the Court of First Instance. The Court of Appeal generally consists of three judges sitting together to hear a case.\nCourt of Final Appeal\nThe Court of Final Appeal is the highest appellate court in Hong Kong , and hears appeals from the Court of First Instance and the Court of Appeal. Leave (i.e. permission) to appeal must first be obtained from the three-member Appellate Committee of the Court of Final Appeal. The Court of Final Appeal consists of five judges sitting together to hear a case.\nFor more information on the courts of Hong Kong , you can visit the Judiciary webpage.", "I attended my first Write In today! It was very chill. Basically imagine going to the library and working on writing and not really talking much to the people around you, but you\u2019re all there for the same thing. That\u2019s what the write in was like.\nWord Count: 21340\nThey reached the bend in the tunnel and rounded it together, only to find that the visitor had backed off even further. He was several feet away, awkward in demeanor from his mussed, straw-colored hair to the worn leather boots that spoke of long travels on rocky roads. He wore a tunic that had long since faded fro", "What subjects did the author focus on while shooting photographs during the trip", "What are some of the facilities and features of the school mentioned in the text", "aken within one hour, and you can see how the sky changed!\nThat afternoon and evening I got to hang out with my friend Michelle Olmstead. She is also very talented, and what's funny is we live only a half an hour away from each other and have never gotten together in Utah to go shoot.\nWe wanted to shoot sunset at the Snake River Overlook, but alas, there wasn't a cloud in the sky by the mountains, so the sunset was rather sub-par. I settled for some silhouette shots, trying to get those beautiful rays. Remember how I said to always look behind? Well, that evening when I looked behind me, it was gorgeous skies and clouds.\nI also went down Mormon Row for a few barn shots in the late afternoon/early evening. It was spectacular!\nOur last morning there, I woke up early again (yawn...) to go capture sunrise at Schwabacher's Landing. The iconic spot of the Tetons. It was gorgeous!\nWell, it was a lovely trip! I can't wait to go back again and shoot there!"]}