{"q_indices": [51, 4, 13, 114, 119, 76, 40, 105, 127, 26, 98, 99, 27, 88, 108, 118, 37, 116, 48, 101, 83, 109, 42, 113, 64, 78, 104, 16, 106, 77, 43, 123, 23, 49, 2, 6, 61, 93, 44, 21, 80, 90, 65, 47, 56, 25, 85, 117, 60, 17, 67, 92, 102, 32, 112, 122, 50, 69, 81, 107, 7, 115, 70, 82], "a_indices": [84, 62, 71, 36, 29, 35, 95, 24, 22, 79, 38, 100, 3, 72, 75, 46, 126, 54, 63, 18, 103, 20, 11, 94, 66, 34, 53, 14, 55, 97, 1, 110, 87, 111, 68, 15, 59, 58, 12, 10, 121, 39, 74, 28, 52, 57, 33, 8, 0, 19, 96, 125, 120, 41, 5, 89, 30, 91, 31, 45, 73, 124, 86, 9], "texts": ["Kawasaki KLX250 S 2013 Owner\u2019s Manual\nWhen it comes to owning a Kawasaki KLX250 S 2013, it is important to have access to the owner\u2019s manual. This manual includes all the necessary information on how to properly operate and maintain your motorcycle, ensuring its longevity and safety. The Kawasaki KLX250 S 2013 Owner\u2019s Manual covers topics such as the motorcycle\u2019s features, controls, maintenance procedures, and troubleshooting tips.\nOne of the most important sections of the owner\u2019s manual is the maintenance schedule. This section outlines the recommended maintenance intervals and procedures for different parts of the motorcycle, such as the engine, brakes, and suspension. Following this schedule can help preven", "Gas Market Dynamics, Arbitration and Price Reviews\nThe key themes due to be covered include:\n- Global and regional gas market dynamics \u2013 how is pricing affecting the competitiveness of LNG/gas versus other fuels in China, India and South East Asia?\n- LNG Sale & Purchase Agreements \u2013 how has the balance", "What are the benefits of comprehensive 2D chromatography in the analysis of complex polymer blends according to Jennifer Bain", "In many ways, most domain name investment is better labeled as speculation\u2026\u2026\u2026 Less is more \u2013 quality over quantity. Don\u2019t invest unless you understand the quality of a domain, and your options to cash out.\n\u2013 Alan Dunn at NameCorp\nI\u2019ve just completed my fourth year of an exciting and profitable domaining adventure. So today, at the start of a n", "What does the proverb about the duck imply in relation to the taste and preferences of individuals", "posted on Nov, 23 2014 @ 03:38 PM\nI recently got interested in archery. I find it more interesting than gun shooting and without the \"BAM!,\" and I can't legally shoot on my 2 acres\nanyway. Using a bow is more interesting because there is far more of the human side in the sport of archery that the more mechanical sport of\nshooting any kind of a gun, and I can do it in my yard. And I think that it is a nice survival skill to have. That stated, on to the topic at\nI got a very good deal on my bow, finger glove and arm protector. When it came to buying an expensive bulk target, I passed on that. In my\nestimation the cost for what you get for the money was extreme. I had expected for find a simple cloth cover that I could rig over a couple bales of\nhay, but they didn't have anything but paper targets similar to those for guns. and bales of hay or straw are not cheap anymore.\nThe target system I put together cost me $10.80 in supplies from my local Tractor Supply store. If that business isn't in your area, any decent\nfarm/ranch/home store should have a similar product. For that money I got two plastic-covered, rectangular \"bales\" of pine shavings. They are\nnormally used to spread on the floor of livestock areas", "What are the benefits of comprehensive 2D chromatography for polymer analysis compared to traditional SEC", "What tragedy occurred after the group climbed Mount Katahdin", "endent arrangement, drag-tuned adjustable suspension at all four corners, an NHRA-certified rollcage and certified safety equipment.\nThe interior\u2014apart from the racing front seats and removed rears\u2014is basically stock. The hood is fiberglass, the steering is not power-assisted, and full complement of gauges resides right where the central air vents used to reside. A large tachometer and a shift light are mounted against the A-pillar, right where they can be easily seen by the driver during each quarter-mile pass.", "r of various selections from Kelly Carpenter\u2019s instrumental CD, \u201cDraw Me Close\u201d, originally released in 2001 and re-released in 2009. Kelly wrote the title song \u201cDraw Me Close\u201d, a contemporary worship song, in 1994 and it has since become a worship classic, sung in churches around the world. It is available for purchase in the Store.\nHere is an alternate take of \u201cWaiting\u201d from my 2011 instrumental release \u201cPassage\u201d. For fun, I added some audio FX. So close your eyes and imagine yourself sitting by a stream in the sun, gentle breeze through the trees, birds singing. Enjoy!\nHere is footage from the CD release concert on Nov 18, 2011 at Fremont Abbey in Seattle. Here they perform a cover of David Ruis\u2019 \u201cWhom Have I But You?\u201d with a stunning intro by Bryn Cannon and a wonderful guitar outro by Scott A. Burnett.\n\u201cRecently, I wrote a song calling for peace, inspired by things that I have thinking and feeling lately that finally had to find expression. This song is more than just about ending war, it is also about ending injustice, and I felt compelled to include images of figures over the past century who took a nonviolent stand against injustice: Martin Luther King, Mahatma Gandhi, and Nelson Mandela.\u201d\nLately I have been into writing anthemic-sounding songs. Here\u2019s the latest work in progress titled \u201cThe Games\u201d. This is free to download, just keep in mind that it is still very rough.\nHere is a video montage of several songs from Kelly\u2019s 2011 watershed release \u201cPassage\u201d. Footage from the studio sessions in Vancouver, Canada is included.\nA downtempo piece with a haunting Celtic-style melody.", "nyone help?\nMaybe the clutch pedal mounted neutral safety switch has failed. this switch won't let the vehicle start with the pedal in the up position so it dosn't start in gear. but are you saying the clutch won't engage?\nQ&A > Mazda > 2000 Mazda B2500\nQ&A > Mazda > 1999 Mazda B250", "Return to SwingLifeStyle.com The Swingers Home Page\nThere are a total of 1945 Granite swingers, within 100 miles.\nThe list below is a subset of the swingers in the Granite area.\nCreate a free swingers account so you can see and write to them all.\nHaving fun in the mountains\nMon Chalet anyone?\nOpen minded guy\nBreaking out of our comfort zone!\nTry me. I might surprise you.\njust looking for fun!!!\nLooking for a interesting and fun kinky couple\nWhat have you always wanted to do? Let's Do It... You deserve it! Don't you?\nLets have fun\nlooking for select playmates\nI like spankings\nLooking for fun for mfm\ncouple looking for ge", "RepairPal's independent, master mechanics track down the best of the best in auto repair. Learn more \u00bb\nGet the latest advice about your car\nDied goin down the road. Can't pop the clutch. The spark plugs are firing, and I'm getting fuel to the injectors. Engine turns over fine. Can a", "What is the image about involving a security guard and someone coming in the sun", "of grains.\nReceive custom names from our community\nHold a Name Contest to get more than 150 custom name suggestions. Creatives from around the world review your project brief and submit unique name ideas. You provide feedback, select your favorites and choose a winner.\nShowing 1 - 40 of 76 names\nThis contest ended more than 3 months ago. Entries are now visible to everyone.\nGet Custom Names\nOur contributors review your project brief and submit more than 150 available domain name ideas. You provide feedback, select your favorites and choose a winner", "l separations is becoming more prevalent, especially for analysis of both co-polymers and architectural polymers. Size exclusion chromatography (SEC) is considered the go-to technique for polymer chemists and material scientists, with both molecular weight and polydispersity influencing the bulk properties of the resulting materials.\nA growing demand for advancement in the materials sciences calls for an improvement in both LC technologies and separation methods to overcome challenges experienced with traditional SEC \u2013 which often suffers from limited peak resolution, low peak capacity, convoluted peaks, co-elution of species, and difficulty identifying impurities in the sample.\nIncreasing analyses\u2019 peak capacity with comprehensive 2D chromatography\nComprehensive 2D separations offer a new level of insight for 2D analysis of complex polymer samples, offering analysts huge improvements in both separation selectivity and peak capacity. 2D separation combines separation first by chemistry and then by size, significantly enhancing the identification of components in complex polymer samples such as co-polymers and polymer blends. The result is improved separation selectivity and peak capacity.\nComprehensive 2D chromatography employs a combination of two different columns and separation modes between the first and second dimensions (see figure 1) completely transferring a sample from the first dimension to the second dimension without significant loss of the first dimension resolution. It offers the best solution for multidimensional separation of complex polymer samples.\nSince syntheses rarely yield a 100% conversion rate, 2D analysis can be helpful in separating the architectural product with different grafting density from non-grafted side chains (see GPC data) where it is clearly visible that a 1D analysis would not sufficiently separate the reaction mixture.\nPartners in comprehensive 2D chromatography innovation\nWhen combined with WinGPC UniChrom software from Germany-based Polymer Standards Service (PSS), Waters\u2019 APC System enables researchers to gather an impressively high level of insight into their complex polymeric materials using a multidimensional separation approach \u2013 increasing the peak capacity of a single chromatographic analysis.\nWaters partnered with PSS to bring a robust comprehensive 2D chromatography solution to the market. Their innovative solution enhanced the speed and solvent compatible capabilities of the APC system and leveaged the benefits of PSS software. It is a partnership that extends the prospects for the full characterisation of the most complex polymers and additives with multi-dimensional distributions.\n\u2018Not only was comprehensive 2D chromatography very difficult in the past,\u2019 says Bain. \u2018It was time consuming and difficult to set up. We now have fully automated a 2D solution that includes a guided 2D set up with the software that controls the instrument \u2013 making the APC system an essential addition to polymer research laboratories across all industries,\u2019 Bain adds.\nExplore the technique deeper with Waters\u2019 white paper Comprehensive 2-Dimensional liquid chromatography for polymer applications which is available to download free of charge.\nOur Future of plastics collection\n- Currently reading\nThe art of separatio", "What activity allows participants to receive over 150 custom name suggestions from creatives around the world", "What sections of the Kawasaki KLX250 S 2013 Owner\u2019s Manual can assist with mechanical issues and troubleshooting", "ey did make the final in 2011 however it was not their day and they were soundly beaten.\n2010 turned out to be a great year for pennant success with both our \u201cscratch\u201d and 1st handicap teams winning their respective pennants.\nIn 2012 our Handicap Section 3 had a great year to make the final where we ground out a 4/3 win.\nIn 2018, after many years of not fielding a stand-alone team, RGC was successful in Section Two of the DDGA Women\u2019s Pennant competition. The RGC women successfully defended that title in 2019 and in 2021.\nThe annual Dalhousie District Golf Association Pennant golf competition provides a wonderful opportunity for our members to challenge themselves against new players, in a \u201cscratch\u201d or handicap \u201cmatch-play\u201d competition, on the many different courses of the Dalhousie District Golf Association. It is also a wonderful opportunity to make new friendships and to renew old ones.\nRomsey Golf Club has won men\u2019s pennants in 1973, 1978, 1981, 1989, 1990, 1992, 1995, 1996 (2), 1997, 1999, 2002 and 2010 (2) & 2012.\nRomsey Golf Club has won women\u2019s pennants in 1978, 1995, 2018, 2019 & 202", "t mechanical issues and keep your motorcycle running smoothly.\nAnother useful section of the owner\u2019s manual is the troubleshooting guide. This guide can help you identify and resolve common issues with your motorcycle, such as starting problems or electrical issues. By following the steps outlined in the guide, you can save time and money by avoiding unnecessary repairs.\nOverall, the Kawasaki KLX250 S 2013 Owner\u2019s Manual is an essential resource for any owner of this motorcycle. By following the guidelines and recommendations outlined in the manual, you can ensure the longevity and safety of your motorcycle. So, make sure to keep your owner\u2019s manual handy and refer to it regularly for any questions or concerns", "the most striking halls was the opulent marriage pavilion \u2013 with stained-glass ceiling and the painted pillars which seemed to reflect the color of the sky \u2013 it was very impressive \u2013 perfect for the family ceremonies.\nWith massive public durbar halls, courtyards, gardens all around the palace and over twelve temples on the premises \u2013 it is extensively spread out. We all had a wonderful time admiring the beauty of this palace and even my one-year old niece enjoyed running around in the courtyard.\n- Timings \u2013 10 am to 5:30 pm\n- Audio Tour available in many Languages.\nThe palace is illuminated every Sunday evening and on Holidays from 7 pm to 7:45 pm \u2013 definitely, the best time to see this magnificent structure all lit up. And not to forget, it is decorated elaborately during the well-known Dasara festival with parades on the palace grounds \u2013 one of the must-see events in Karnataka.\nCopyright \u00a9 Vasudha Aggarwal & travel-defined.com, 2014 -15. All rights reserved.", "What might cause a vehicle to not start with the clutch pedal up", "Have you ever experienced FOMO, also known as the \u2018Fear of Missing Out\u2019? For as long as I can remember I have always had FOMO especially with events and experiences... definitely made worse in high school where I had three different friendship groups, all at different schools. Combined with having a weekend job (I couldn\u2019t miss out on the experience of working!), I always felt like I needed to be in three places at once.\nFast forward to the present and there was something that I JUST HAD TO EXPERIENCE! Sugar Republic (SR) is the brainchild of Allison Jones, previously of Lark Store and Melt Bake & Party Store. I have been following her journey for a while, but when she launched SR in Melbourne in 2018 I had instant FOMO.\nWhen it was announced that SR would be coming to Sydney in 2019 I booked in a date with my friend, the Retro Mumma.\nFrom the moment we walked in we were surrounded by nostalgia and a feast for the eyes. We climbed into a giant pink ball pit and decided to have a photoshoot. I think that the best par", "What organization is sponsoring the 2016 Grow Your Portfolio conference", "ter and never lets go. The title suggests there is a big secret, but you will never guess what it is.\nThere is some mild language and violence (nothing graphic), and mild sexuality (mostly implied).\nRecommended for: Adult", "What are the key benefits of getting a Triple A Home Insurance policy", "What was the purpose of the exhibition held at Sugar Republic", "What key guideline does Alan Dunn highlight about domain name investment", "ready, and perhaps my chance will come.\u201d\nCommitted To Excellence\nWith over thirty years of experience in intercollegiate athletics, CSA delivers a unique level of service that effectively meets the needs of the nation\u2019s leading universities and conferences", "Ring of Honor: Respect is Earned II\nDebuted: August 1, 2008\nExcept\u00d6Dave Prazak has grown some hair since the last pay per view!\nAll is right with the world.\nWhat? You haven\u00edt seen the latest Ring of Honor event? You have until August 15, 2008 in most areas to see it. ROH fans won\u00edt be able to pass it up, non-ROH fans have the chance to become fans\u00d6Respect Is Earned II is another pay per view that no true wrestling fan wants to miss.\nI\u00edm way past ready for this so here\u00eds the show:\nDave Prazak and Lenny Leonard welcome the fans to Philadelphia, PA and introduce a video of the first year of ROH\u00eds pay per view. (I\u00edve seen them all!)\nBreaking News: Injustice, Edison, NJ, Jay & Mark Briscoe defeated Rocky Romero & Davey Richards for the ROH Tag Team Titles, but Mark Briscoe was injured. At Up For Grabs, Hartford, CT, Jimmy Jacobs & Tyler Black won ROH Tag Team Titles in a tournament. They will defend the titles tonight.\nTag Team Challenge\nRuckus & Jigsaw\nRepresenting Vulture Squad\nKevin Steen & El Generico\nThis was a great way to open the pay per view with four wrestlers who can\u00edt keep their feet on the mat. While every one of them is agile, Kevin Steen wows me every time I see him in the ring. El Generico & Steen work very well as a tag team and Ruckus & Jigsaw continue to grow on me as a tag team with potential. ROH will need new guardrails after this match alone. Match time: 8 minutes.\nI\u00edm a Castagnoli fan but Richards is an amazing wrestler. ROH World Heavyweight Champion Nigel McGuinness was at the announcer\u00eds table to offer his opinion of the talent or lack thereof of the wrestlers in the ring. This match was a good contest of wrestling moves, holds and counters. Castagnoli showed the fans some nice moves but Richards had a counter for everything Castagnoli throws at him. These two have very unique wrestling styles. Fans of either wrestler will not want to miss this match. Match time: 8 minutes.\nSix Man Tag Team Match\nWith Daizee Haze\nWith Sara Del Rey\nAnd with Sweet \u010en Sour, Inc.\u00eds\nLarry Sweeney, Shane Haggadorn & Bobby Dempsey\nI don\u00edt know about anyone else but I live to see Brent Albright appear in the ring to kick ass. When I saw this match advertised, I thought someone in ROH was out to get Albright. What a shock to discover Albright picked his own partners. Has Albright lost his mind? I think Albright\u00eds mind is in great shape and the time Primeau & Delirious have in the ring mean for some high risk and daring action. Chris Hero looked better than I have ever seen him look. Adam Pearce still makes me want to spit at the television screen and Eddie Edwards held his own during this match. You just know there will be outside interference and some of us will be screaming for Sweeney\u00eds blood. This was a match I could get into and I feel a little better about my mind\u00d6I didn\u00edt understand a word Delirious said. Match time: 11 minutes.\nFight Without Honor\nI have seen ROH \"Fight Without Honor\" matches before but staying in my chair during this match was impossible. How either of these wrestlers could stand up and leave the ring after this grueling match is beyond me. There were tables and ladders (wobbly ladders at that!) and chairs galore not to mention major damage to th", "Duff RA (2019) Moral and Criminal Responsibility: Answering and Refusing to Answer. In: Coates DJ & Tognazzini NA (eds.) Oxford Studies in Agency and Responsibility, vol. 5: Themes from the Philosophy of Gary Watson. Oxford Studies in Agency and Responsibility. Oxford: Oxford University Press, pp. 165-190. https://global.oup.com/academic/product/oxford-studies-in-agency-and-responsibility-volume-5-9780198830238?lang=en&cc=gb\nFirst paragraph: Criminal lawyers and criminal-law theo", "A Millennial Perspective on Servant Leadership\nLeadership is a tricky word \u2013 it means a lot of different things to different people.\nRecently I attended the Servant Leadership Winter Conference in downtown San Diego. A few McKinney team members attended and I think we all walked away with a lot of valuable information and tools for working together more effectively as true Servant Leaders.\nServant Leadership as a business model has many supporters and profitable companies in support of its leadership and management style. We heard from the CEOs of Popeyes, Kindred Healthcare, and Datron, all of which talked about the value of building up those around you and watching more than sales go up.\nLeadership is a tricky word \u2013 it means a lot of different things to different people. Some of these interpretations come from generational differences. Olivia McIvor started the conference with her talk on \u201cStacking the Generational DECK: Learning from One Another\u201d. It was fascinating as she asked the room of managers, CEOs, and leaders what they thought of their own generations and others. GenY (or Millennials) were starting to get a really bad rep. I thought to myself, \u201cIf this is about us being \u2018entitled, lazy, and social media focused\u2019 I am going to find a Starbucks and come back later.\u201d Luckily McIvor started her presentation on \u201cwhy\u201d we are all the way we are. She pointed out that we all have grown up in different times, with different heroes, different education levels, job opportunities, and with different parents. These situations create a ripple effect on how we parent and how that affects the next generations.\nSo thank you to GenY parents for the following:\n\u2022 You told us we co", "What services does the organization provide for homeowners regarding home inspections and maintenance issues", "While Chevy's SEMA effort seems to be focused largely on the small economical cars, the 100-year-old company did not neglect muscle car fans. And a new Camaro concept, dubbed the COPO, is definitely not economy-oriented.\nThe COPO Camaro is a drag racer, a Stock Eliminator car powered by a supercharged 5.3-liter V-8 mated to a 2-speed Powerglide automatic transmission. To further underscore its full-time quarter-mile intentions, the COPO Camaro features unassisted brakes, a live rear axle in place of the OE indep", "giant slalom cup by finishing second, was third in Friday\u2019s race, 1:05 behind Vonn.\n\u201cI was very nervous because it was the first time I found myself in the lead after the first run of a giant slalom,\u201d said Vonn, who clocked a combined time of two minutes 28 seconds.\n\u201cI was alone up there and I told myself I could not miss that chance. It had nothing to do with the World Cup. It was about the race itself.\n\u201cIt was the plan today: to think about the race only, not about the World Cup,\u201d she added.\nThe 27-year-old Vonn became the first American skier to win four overall titles. She has won 11 races this season, the same as in 2009-2010, and has added giant slalom to her all-round talent.\nThe winter did not start ideally though, as she announced her divorce from coach and mentor Thomas Vonn, but her personal problems did not hamper her performance.\nThe second most successful woman in the World Cup - only Austrian Annemarie Moser-Proell won more overall titles with six - the American is far from retiring.\nShe is close to passing the 55 World Cup race wins of Swiss Vreni Schneider and could threaten the record of 62 victories held by Moser-Proell next winter.\nVonn will take part in a slalom in the Swedish resort on Saturday before travelling to Chladming.\nDate created : 2012-03-0", "e guardrails surrounding the audience. The match went from the floor to the ring to the floor to the ring with never a dull moment, hard heavy hits and dangerous maneuvers to win including one big HOLY SHIT! Stevens may be one of my favorite ROH wrestlers but no one can say Strong can\u00edt hold his own. Caution: Major bloodshed and certainly not for the faint of heart. Match time: 23 minutes.\nROH World Heavyweight Title Match\nI\u00edm about to do something I don\u00edt often do when I review a Ring of Honor event. I\u00edm going to say the biggest let down for me in this pay per view was Nigel McGuinness defending his title against Go Shiozaki. I like McGuinness in the ring and I like what I have seen of Shiozaki but they didn\u00edt pull off a great match. Although the match began in with a bang, I had a problem getting into the action and staying focused on the two men in the ring. I may have expected more from Shiozaki than he delivered or it may have been that Shiozaki wasn\u00edt comfortable in the ring. Both wrestlers seemed to have trouble keeping the match flowing. Once the match got into a rhythm, it was better but it was certainly not the best championship match I have seen come from ROH. Match time: 17 minutes.\nROH World Tag Team Title Match\nRepresenting Age of the Fall\nAmerican Dragon Bryan Danielson\nThe final match of the pay per view and it topped every match on the card. This was the continuation of a feud between Austin Aries and Jimmy Jacobs culminating in a very short initial match as the referee called for the bell due to chairs being brought into and used in the ring. After a conference with all four men involved, the referee decided to restart the match and was it ever worth seeing! I want to dislike Bryan Danielson and I think it is because he is so darned good in every match he works. Austin Aries didn\u00edt let me down with his ability and whether you love him or hate him, Jimmy Jacobs continues to grow as a force in the ROH ring. Tyler Black, even with the AOTF affiliation hanging over his head, has ROH fans enthralled when he makes an appearance. Danielson and Black make this a match to remember. I was on my feet the entire last half of the match screaming for both teams to win. If you do not see this pay per view for any other reason and the above matches are reason enough, do NOT miss this match! Match time: 23 minutes.\nAs always, if you need a Ring of Honor fix between this pay per view and the next, visit www.rohwrestling.com. Grab the ROH Toolbar to ensure you keep on the latest ROH events and happenings.\nNOTE: This delayed review is not on purpose. I had a problem getting the pay per view through my cable company. Initially the company attempted to charge more than what was advertised and although I would have paid what they asked in order to see the show, I was unable to purchase it through my cable system. This is not the first time I have had this problem. If anyone else had a problem with overcharging or the inability to get the show on their cable system, please send me an email and let me know.\nComment about this article on Da' Wrestling Boards!\nback to ROH and Others Index\nThis website has no affiliation with WWE or any other professional wrestling organization", ". The damsels don accomplish it must and lopoffs now i reached for not wanting to turn. The two mitts and i blown my manhood was around minami haruka (minami-ke) the very cessation", "What services does Martin Signature Homes offer for custom home building", "Nashville will be hosting the immersive exhibit of Michelangelo\u2019s Sistine Chapel. Tickets are available now, with prices starting at $17.50. The exhibit will be in Nashville from November 12 through January 16.\nThe walk through exhibit averages 60 \u2013 90 minutes, with benches along the paintings for those who would like to sit and relax. Read More\nA three-day celebration was held in Franklin, Tennessee this past weekend to commemorate the African-American soldiers who fought in the Civil War. The statue, made by Tennessee native Joe F. Howard ,was officially unveiled Saturday in front of Franklin\u2019s Historic Courthouse. Read More\nMelania Trump is marking the 100th anniversary of women gaining the right to vote with an art exhibit based on works by children from all 50 states and the District of Columbia.\nThe first lady called adoption of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution that granted women voting rights a \u201cturning point\u201d in the women\u2019s rights movement. Read More\nBlack Lives Matter activist Shaun King called Monday for the removal of statues, murals and stained glass windows that depict Jesus as a \u201cwhite European,\u201d which he claimed \u201care a form of white supremacy.\u201d\n\u201cYes, I think the statues of the white European they claim is Jesus should also come down,\u201d King, a former surrogate on Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders\u2019s 2020 presidential campaign, wrote on Twitter. \u201cThey are a form of white supremacy. Always have been.\u201d Read More\nby Richard Gunderson This year marks the 500th anniversary of Leonardo da Vinci\u2019s death. Widely considered one of the greatest polymaths in human history, Leonardo was an inventor, artist, musician, architect, engineer, anatomist, botanist, geologist, historian and cartographer. Though his artistic output was small", "t drives by is bumping a hard ass beat. Grime is the sound of a subway [or a metro as they call it], it\u2019s the sound of the sewers, it\u2019s the sound of an alley way. When I first heard Grime about 6 or 7 years ago I can honestly admit I wasn\u2019t feeling it. But the only thing that\u2019s changed since then is that I moved to the city, and when you walking down the street with grime blasting in your ears you feel invincible.", "What was the first book read by the author and was it compelling", "eriod.\nWe look at your home with a trained eye, making sure that everything is satisfactory. For example, we check for leaks, pests, and mold, all of which can be present in homes left alone for even the shortest interval. Should we find an issue or potential problem, we identify the homeowner immediately. We are glad to work with the homeowner's service provider or we can make a recommendation from our preferred service provider list. We also offer home concierge services. We service the following areas: Annapolis, MD, Severna Park, MD, Arnold, MD, Davidsonville, MD, Severn, MD, Edgewater. MD, and Stevensville, MD.\nBecome A Member\nPromote positive change in the community while helping your business grow.\nFind A Member\nConveniently search a list of all our members using our membership directory.", "How many swingers are there in the Granite area within 100 miles", "What are the key themes covered regarding the dynamics of the gas market and how LNG pricing competes with other fuels in specific regions", "What type of help does RepairPal provide regarding car advice and repair", "uld be anything we want to be \u2013 We are going to be a Social Media and CSR consultants\n\u2022 You told us to explore the world before settling down, gave us passports at an early age to do so\u2013 We studied abroad and are more global than any previous generation\n\u2022 You got married at a young age, worked night and day for your company and told us to try new things before settling down \u2013 We eagerly try everything and have multiple careers gaining skills and experiences you can\u2019t get by climbing the ladder\n\u2022 You encouraged us to volunteer and serve others \u2013 We continue to volunteer and give our time and talents for social causes even while working full time\n\u2022 You instilled your values of human and civil rights \u2013 We work to take those further creating not only tolerance but acceptance of differences\n\u2022 You worked hard to give us access to everything and everything has access to us \u2013 We are constantly learning and engaging in things happening around the world\u2026\n\u2026all of these values and skills we bring to the workplace.\nOlivia\u2019s breakdown of each generation and how it affects our workplace environment was spot on. I sat there making my lists of things I needed to do for my multiple roles at McKinney Capital & Advisory as well as with my nonprofit in Uganda, Kimera Orphanage, and a leadership conference for GenY young professionals, OurGenY, along with grant writing for a NGO in South Africa, Farm & Garden Trust. This is a typical GenY workload \u2013 anything but lazy or entitled.\nOne take away \u2013 If you are a GenY \u2013 ask for a mentor, and if you are a Baby Boomer or older \u2013 don\u2019t waste what you know \u2013 pass it on and see what we can do with it!\nThanks to Olivia McIvor: http://www.oliviamcivor.com/", "for improving broadband experience.\nTo address these issues, Huawei has launched the PremiumWi-Fi solution for Cloud VR bearer. This solution features high performance\uff0clow delay, wide coverage, and anti-interference, ensuring premium VR experience. It also supports cloud management, simplifying the operation and maintenance.\nThe V series products provided by the Huawei PremiumWi-Fi solution support Cloud VR over Wi-Fi", "What level of service does CSA provide to universities and conferences in intercollegiate athletics", "What years did the 'scratch' team play off in the final", "What is included in the Early Bird price of $515 per person for the conference", "What is the title of the work authored by Duff RA in the Oxford Studies in Agency and Responsibility series", "What does the proverb 'Girman kai rawanin tsiya' mean", "It is very important to understand that a Triple A Home Insurance policy does not work the same way as an ordinary household policy. The Triple A Insurance Company will also provide some added features, in case of your need.\nTo obtain Triple A Home Insurance you have to apply to the insurance company directly. Most people are in the dilemma of how to get to them. So, for this reason they turn to their local agents who help them find the best suited plan.\nThe Triple A Insurance Company has many branches that provide a variety of different kinds of insurance. These include general, special, and personal. They also have insurance plans that are tailored to suit your needs.\nWhen choosing a plan for yourself make sure that you go through the different policies of the insurance company you have selected and go over them carefully. You want to know how much money you can save as well as how easy it is to manage your account.\nMost people will get triples home insurance in the form of a homeowner\u2019s insurance. This is also called the general insurance because it covers most common hazards like theft, fire, earthquakes, floods, etc. However, if you feel like your house is very safe from the common hazards then you might want to get a special policy. One example of this is a home owner\u2019s insurance that would cover damage caused by storms and even earthquakes.\nIf you are worried about the cost of a Triple A Home Insurance then there is a good reason why. You have to realize that this kind of plan is very expensive. This is one of the reasons why people are skeptical when it comes to getting it.\nWhen applying for a policy the first thing that you have to do is to fill out the forms. You can contact your agent if you have any doubts and ask him or her for help. Remember that it is always best to consult with your agent to see what sort of coverage you are in need of before yo", "product that is multitasking and releases more energy from grains. you feed it together with grains to pigs and chickens and they get more energy from their feed. It can be used for all kind of grains.\nSign up free to save your projects, keywords, wordlists and favorite names.\nHold a Contest to get names from our community\nKeyword suggestions by Contest Holder\nproduct that is multitasking and releases more energy from grains.\nyou feed it together with grains to pigs and chickens and they get more energy from their feed. It can be used for all kind", "s an Owner Builder you act as your own general contractor, but with our help and guidance. We\u2019ll help you plan the entire home design and construction process and provide you with a step-by-step project management schedule. Then we\u2019ll put you in touch with suppliers, manufacturers, subcontractors and other professionals who have been pre-screened to ensure their professionalism and quality.\nBecoming so deeply involved with the building of your own new home can be a rewarding experience. Not only can you take great pride in the accomplishment, you\u2019ll also save a significant amount of money by managing the process yourself.\nBuild a Beautiful Home with the Top Custom Home Builders in LA\nWhether you choose our project management services or become an Owner Builder, the smart decision is to let Martin Signature Homes help you make the dreams you have for your new home into a beautifully crafted reality! No other custom home builders in Shreveport LA or Bossier City LA can deliver the same quality and value. Contact us today to schedule a convenient time to meet and discuss your plans.\nLouisiana General Contractor License # 881500. Louisiana Home Improvement License # 556058.", "Since the Third Circuit said so, in its September 22, 2009 decision in AT&T v. Federal Communications Commission (No. 084024).\nMost privacy practitioners would not consider a legal entity to have privacy rights. Rather, a legal entity may have trade secrets or contractual confidentiality protections. However, in its novel holding, the Third Circuit found that a corporation (AT&T) was protected by an exemption in the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) that applies to \u201cunwarranted invasions of personal privacy.\u201d Specifically, FOIA exempts \u201crecords or information compiled for law enforcement purposes, but only to the extent that the production of such law enforcement records or information \u2026 could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy\u2026\u201d(emphasis added). This exemption, combined with FOIA\u2019s definition of \u201cperson\u201d to include", "What differences exist between Triple A Home Insurance and ordinary household insurance policies", "u get a policy.\nWhen getting a triple a home insurance all you have to do is go over each policy and decide on what works best for you. When you have determined the right type of insurance for your needs, you then all that remains is to do is to sign up with the company. It is a simple process and you don\u2019t have to deal with an agent again.\nOnce you get your policy you will have to pay a monthly premium which is usually based on how much coverage you need. It is always best to get a general policy if you think your house will be damaged by natural disasters such as fire. If you are not sure, then you can get a specialized plan that will suit your needs and fit into your budget.\nAnother good thing about getting a triple policy is that you will be covered in the case of accidents that you cause. If for instance you fall down the stairs while shopping or go out shopping at night without thinking that you might slip and hurt yourself, then your Triple A Home Insurance will cover that for you.\nHowever, if you have a policy like this that you have an accident, then you have to remember that your insurance company would be liable to pay for the medical expenses. which might be a lot higher than normal.\nIf you already have a Triple A Home Insurance but still have a lot of doubts regarding its price then do not worry. You can use online sources like Web sites and discussion forums to find out whether your questions should be answered. This way you can save a lot of time and money. Some people do not have enough information about their own policies, so they will often ask for advice.\nOne of the biggest benefits that you can get from your Triple A Home Insurance is that it is cheaper than having a separate coverage for every possible threat that you could face. Having a plan for every possible eventuality is always a wise move, especially if you live in an expensive area.", "pathology.\nThey are often highly competitive and argumentative. They lash out when presented with opinions that contradict their own or when confronted with their own lies or bad behaviors.\nThey can be calculating and extremely persuasive and susceptible to erratic thinking and impulsive decision making.\nNarcissists can be self-destructive as often as they are destructive to others. They have a great deal of trouble accepting responsibility for their own actions, under any circumstance.\nNarcissists are addictive personalities and narcissism is commonly co-morbid with addictions to drugs, alcohol, sex, food, spending and gambling. It has been suggested that Narcissists have a higher rate of ADHD than the general population.\nNarcissists are rarely alone. They like to feed on the energy of others, and to have an audience to reflect back to them the person they want to see themselves as.\nNarcissists are good at pretending, but typically do not feel compassion or empathy or consider the feelings or well-being of others. They tend to be singularly focused on getting their own needs met, at the expense of the needs of others.\nWhile narcissists generally portray a lack of conscience, they typically have an intellectual awareness of what they are doing and how they hurt others. They simply do not care.\nBeing kind to a Narcissist in the face of their maltreatment is a common approach of family members and partners. However, this can result in further frustration as it is rarely reciprocated and tends to feed their sense of entitlement, opening the door for more abuse.\nOther feelings you may experience when dealing with a narcissist in the home or at work:\nYou may feel like this person readily puts you down just to elevate themselves.\nYou may find yourself avoiding them because trying to communicate with them leaves you feeling confused, put-down, reduced to a lesser status and emptied of all that you know you really are.\nYou may feel overwhelmed, \u201cout-gunned\u201d, tongue-tied or overpowered in their presence.\nYou may feel blown away by their powerful personality, self-assuredness, self-belief and self-confidence.\nYour own legitimate needs may be taking a back seat to their own frivolous, self-serving ambitions.\nWhen receiving a compliment or apology, you may be left feeling patronized, demeaned, brought down to size and even humiliated.\nYou may attempt to compromise with them - only to realize later you are the only one who gave any substantial ground.\nYou may feel like your hard work and contributions are only being used, abused and distorted to meet the selfish ambitions of another.\nLiving with a person who has NPD can have a devastating effect on the self-esteem, confidence and quality of life for family members, friends and partners. Nons sometimes feel as though the Narcissist is refusing to \u201cgrow up\u201d or will revert back to childish ways whenever it suits them. The Non often feels used, cheated and taken advantage of by the NPD in their life.\nHow to Cope\nLiving with a narcissist can be tough. It\u2019s generally best to focus on taking care of yourself instead of trying to fix the narcissist.\nWhat NOT To Do\n- Don\u2019t take it personally. Narcissists are far more focused on themselves than on you.\n- Don\u2019t blame yourself. Narcissists operate in a self-serving mode and when they mistreat you, it\u2019s usually not because of anything you are, said, did, or failed to do.\n- Don\u2019t compete. Narcissists live for the competition and fight dirty. They are not typically gracious losers.\nWhat TO Do\n- Take care of yourself. Taking care of a narcissist can be like feeding a black hole, so take care of your own needs first.\n- Find support. Surround yourself with people who appreciate you just as you are.\n- Get out of the way. Try to position yourself so as to side-step the attentions of a narcissist.", "Narcissism - A set of behaviors characterized by a pattern of grandiosity, self-centered focus, need for admiration, self-serving attitude and a lack of empathy or consideration for others.\nWhen the Self Drowns Out All Else\nThe term Narcissism comes from the Greek mythological character Narcissus, who rejected love from others and fell in love with his own reflection in the water.\nThe characteristic patterns of narcissistice behavior include egotism, an unhealthy need for attention, an inflated sense of entitlement, and obliviousness to the rights, needs and wants of others \u2013 unless they are somehow useful. These self-centered ways of relating to others can be common in people who suffer from personality disorders, especially Narcissistic Personality Disorder (NPD).\nWhat It Feels Like:\nContributed by Aames -\nLiving with or being involved with a narcissist can be mentally and emotionally exhausting.\nIt can feel like you have to perform \u201cmental gymnastics\u201d from dealing with the lying (even when confronted with undeniable proof), the gaslighting, the triangulation, the projection, the constant contradictions, the manipulation, blame-shifting, the charm they lay on, the inflated sense of self - even subtle forms of torture, such as sleep-deprivation these people inflict on their victims - appears to be conscious and calculated to push the target of their \u201caffections\u201d past their limits, into surrender - and ultimately into total compliance - as a source of Narcissistic Supply. Children, spouses, friends, lovers - those closest to the Narcissist - are not considered individuals in their own right by the Narcissist - but rather extensions or, in the worst cases, the property of the Narcissist.\nEven after finding out that you are dealing with a mental disorder, if you don\u2019t protect or remove yourself from the situation, you may find yourself entering into a state of mind where you instinctively try to fix or fight the narcissist\u2019s illogical attitudes and behaviors. You may find yourself becoming hyper-vigilant, trying to second guess them, trip them up, lay down ultimatums, call them on their lies, or constantly trying to stay one-step ahead of their ever-changing rule-book. You may even find yourself trying to mirror their behaviors to some extent in order to manipulate them, as they have manipulated you. This can be both futile and attractive to the narcissist, as they often relish the challenge. If you ever do manage to get \u201cone-up\u201d on a narcissist, it is likely to be a hollow \u201cvictory\u201d at best. They may rage, play the victim, or disappear. None of these outcomes gives the victim any true satisfaction.\nMore than any other disorder on the PD spectrum, narcissists are like psychological vampires, attaching themselves to you in a way that drains you of your resources (emotional, mental and financial) and leaves you questioning your own worth and sanity. Often, narcissists are able to imitate or approximate caring about others when it is convenient for them to do so. However, they typically do not perceivethat anything outside of their own sphere of wants and needs matters. It simply doesn\u2019t occur to them to consider the needs of anyone else, or the long-term consequences of their own behaviors. Narcissists can be highly intelligent, witty, talented, likable, and fun to be around. They can also elicit sympathy like nobody\u2019s business. Narcissists are opportunistic. They can make a show of being \u201cgenerous\u201d but their generosity usually has strings attached.\nThey tend to isolate their victims, sucking up their time and energy, many times robbing their own families, spouses and partners of an external support system.\nNarcissists are excellent liars and many prefer to lie, even when telling the truth would be more beneficial to them. This suggests that lying is a hallmark of this", "What are some of the key topics covered in the Kawasaki KLX250 S 2013 Owner\u2019s Manual", "What are some common behaviors and traits of individuals with Narcissistic Personality Disorder", "used for carrying water from the well or stream ; it has a small mouth. Different districts have different patterns. Don\u2019t cry over spilt milk. That can be remedied.\n\"Gishiri nema (na yi ma) mai'n kadde daria'n rana, randa rua ya zo gishiri ya ji kumia\" Litteral Translation: Salt laughs at shea butter while the sun shines, but when the rain comes, it hides its head.\n\"Woni tsuntsu ya ke gudu rua, awuagwa rua ta ke nema\"\nLiteral Translation: Some birds avoid water. The duck searches for it.\nMeaning: Everyone to his own taste", "Romsey has a very proud history in Pennant Golf. The club has been in both The Inner Western and The Dalhousie Districts of the Victorian Golf Association and has achieved pennant success in each of these districts. In recent years the club has entered two or three teams, one or two handicap teams and one \u201cscratch\u201d (scores off the stick) team, each pennant season.\nOver the years many of our juniors have moved through the handicap pennant teams to take up a position in the \u201cscratch\u201d team. From an early age players such as Andrew Newell, Darren Freestone and golf professionals Chris Gaunt (OneAsia Tour) and Daniel Gaunt (European Tour) have earned and held a position in the \u201cscratch\u201d team. During the past few years talented juniors Daniel Wright, Shannon Wright, Brad Klaaysen and Dean vanDenHeuval have joined this elite group.\nIn 2007, 2009 and 2010 the \u201cscratch\u201d team played off in the final.\nThe 1st handicap team played off in the final in 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012.\nThe 2nd handicap team has had mixed success; in 2010, after a count-back of games won, this team just missed out on the final. Th", "How many overall World Cup titles has Lindsey Vonn won as mentioned in the text", "What should individuals do to be considered for a position with collegiate partners", "American Alpine skiier Lindsey Vonn won the women's giant slalom race Friday to secure her fourth overall World Cup title, moving into second place on the all-time list behind Austria\u2019s Annemarie Moser-Proell.\nREUTERS - American Lindsey Vonn won the 2012 women\u2019s Alpine skiing overall World Cup with victory in Friday\u2019s giant slalom race.\nVonn now leads closest rival Tina Maze of Slovenia by 554 points with five races - and a maximum 500 points - left in the season.\nIt was the American\u2019s fourth overall World Cup after she won it in 2008, 2009 and 2010.\nVonn has also won the downhill and super-combined World Cup titles this season and is ideally placed to add the super-G trophy at the World Cup finals in Schladming, Austria, next week.\nShe is also still in contention in the giant slalom competition, trailing Olympic champion Viktoria Rebensburg of Germany by 95 points with one race to go.\nVonn had never won a giant slalom race before this season but collected her maiden win in the discipline in the season-opener in Soelden, Austria.\n\u201cI\u2019m just thrilled. It\u2019s crazy, I could almost go on holiday in Schladming,\u201d the American said after beating Italian Federica Brignone by 0.48 seconds to collect her 52nd World Cup win.\nRebensburg, who could have wrapped up her second successive", "What process was followed in Kentucky County Courts to determine a person's mental stability during lunacy hearings", "How comprehensive 2D chromatography from Waters helps scientists hit polymer analysis sweet spots and unravel complex chemical structure\nThe challenge of separating complex polymer blends for use in military applications is what inspired Waters\u2019 market development manager Jennifer Bain to focus her attention on the benefits offered by comprehensive 2D liquid chromatography.\nAnd though her interest in the technology was initially sparked within an academic environment, Bain has led collaborations with Waters\u2019 customers across industries and leveraged multi-dimensional chromatography during R&D processes to help organisations accelerate their product innovation.\nSeparating three or even four polymers in a blend enables better and faster R&D decision-making\n\u2018The ability to apply a multi-dimensional chromatographic approach is key to gaining a more robust understanding of the chemical composition of polymers.\n\u2018The process enables separation of analytes by two different, sequential retention mechanisms \u2013 allowing for analytes to be separated from other compounds that would normally co-elute in a single dimensional separation. Being able to separate polymeric samples by chemical composition and then by molecular weight is what makes comprehensive 2D chromatography beneficial for researchers in the R&D space,\u2019 says Bain.\n\u2018I see the highlights of multi-dimensional chromatography as answering all the questions that cannot be answered with traditional single dimensional chromatographic analysis. I worked in academic labs where I had impossible polymers to analyse that required all sorts of weird and wonderful analytical techniques thrown together to achieve what were considered the most innovative results at the time,\u2019 she adds.\nInvestigating block copolymers, Bain was keen to know more about the ratio of blocks in complete or novel polymers \u2018because the ratio of two different blocks affects assembling\u2019, she says. \u2018With comprehensive 2D chromatography, you see the actual polymer chains whereas in traditional size exclusion chromatography (SEC), you only see a blob.\u2019 Bain adds that, while the technique itself is a bit more complex, once grasped, routine use of the Acquity Advanced Polymer Chromatography (APC) system Waters\u2019 designed specifically for material scientists, becomes an experience to enjoy.\nThe ability to separate three or even four polymers in a blend enables scientists and chemical engineers to make better and faster decisions during the R&D process, Bain says.\n\u2018Multi-dimensional chromatography is often perceived as quite advanced and scary, but it isn\u2019t as inaccessible as many believe it to be \u2013 at least not anymore,\u2019 says Bain. \u2018Many see it as being only for specialists and academics or experts in that type of technique, but it\u2019s becoming more and more relevant and accessible \u2013 especially as organisations seek to gain a competitive advantage by taking their products to market before the competition.\n\u2018We decided to expand the capabilities of our APC System to support materials scientists with deeper insight into today\u2019s complex polymer blends and increasing use of sustainable alternatives such as lignin and polylactic acid (PLA), which require more advanced separation techniques.\u2019\nAs R&D becomes more complex, the need for multi-dimensiona", "What aspect of Gary Watson's work on responsibility does the author focus on in this chapter", "What is the title of the song written by the author in January of 1994", "A pic of fancy genuine, hope it and security guard of hers coming in the sun. For you under the door to finger fondling her. Its surroundings of reach i know about the force at him", "ew year, I\u2019m looking back and sharing my reflections on my past successes and failures. This includes insights, stats and some year over year sales analysis.\nKeep in mind that I characterize myself as a journeyman domainer investing, almost exclusively, in dot-com, brandable domains. Everyone\u2019s journey is different but here\u2019s the story of mine", "Standing 5,267 feet above sea level, I felt unstoppable.\nMy friends and I had just climbed to the summit of the highest mountain in Maine, Mount Katahdin. The hike took an entirety of 12 hours and had tested not only our physical strength, but also our ability to maintain mental focus and drive.\nThe five of us had traveled over 10 hours from New York to accomplish this feat and well, I couldn\u2019t have been more proud.\nGabriel, Jose, Joanna, Michael (my boyfriend) and I trekked down the mountain smiling from ear to ear. We were full of life and adrenaline. Although almost complete strangers before the hike, we continued to encourage each other to keep going and stayed together throughout the entire climb. At the end, we even jumped into an ice cold pool by the waterfall at the base of the mountain. The energy was so magical; it all seemed like a dream.\nOn such a beautiful day, I could have never expected what would happen next to be so tragic.\nFrom trekking to tragedy\nAfter a lovely lobster dinner, we agreed to take turns on the drive back home to New York. The first driver, Jose, seemed tired but said he was able. The rest of us were so wiped from the hike, we didn\u2019t question him. All of us fell asleep in a matter of minutes\u2026 including the driver.\nWhen I next opened my eyes, I awoke to screaming and the car spinning 360 degrees. I felt the car swerve and felt what came next: crash, bang, pain.\n\u201cWhen I next opened my eyes, I awoke to screaming and the car spinning 360 degrees. I felt the car swerve and felt what came next: crash, bang, pain.\u201d\nThe airbags exploded as the car rolled over three times off the highway. My head spun. Glass was everywhere and I couldn\u2019t feel the right side of my body.\nMy boyfriend, doubled over in the front passenger seat, screamed: \u201cI CAN\u2019T BREATH! I CAN\u2019T BREATH!\u201d\nWhen my vision cleared, I saw his entire lower body stuck in a ball of mud that had entered through the car window. I thought it was over.\nI thought I was dead.\nGabriel called 911 for an ambulance. Jose was doing jumping jacks on the highway trying to call for help. Joanna shook in fear right next to me, and Michael was stuck in a ball of tree roots and mud that had entered the car through the window.\n\u201cI wanted to yell, but I didn\u2019t have the energy. I kept thinking about my mom.\u201d\nI reached with my left hand to dig dirt out as Michael pulled his legs free from mud. I felt my vision fading from the pain in my chest as Joanna told me to stay conscious. I wanted to yell, but I didn\u2019t have the energy. I kept thinking about my mom.\nWhen the ambulance came, I felt the paramedic pull my bod", "Thank You for Your Interest!\nIf you wish to be considered for a position with any of our collegiate partners, please submit a profile.\nWe will review your qualifications and contact you for any leadership roles that fit your profile.\n\u201cI will study and get", "Cloud Virtual reality (VR) services pose higher demands on home networks. However, in large houses with many rooms, walls, and floors, cable routing is not a feasible solution due to relatively long distances. These houses also have more sources of interference. As a result, full Wi-Fi coverage at high rates cannot be guaranteed, and Cloud VR cannot be streamed, making the last 10 meters in homes the biggest bottleneck", "What were the main highlights and key issues discussed in the review of the ROH pay per view event", "What allowed AT&T to argue for a corporation's right to privacy in the FCC investigation", "What race did Vonn lead after the first run, and what was her combined time", "t is that the exhibition is actually aimed at adults. Being able to relive our childhood by doing something as simple as playing in a ball pit brought immense joy and laughter. They really knew what they were doing when they designed Sugar Republic.\nWe continued walking around from room to room, having fun posing for photos with all of the artwork. Everything was interactive so we were allowed to touch things. There was a giant super soft cushion that felt like a giant piece of bubblegum (minus any grossness), and a huge cake to jump out of- complete with confetti canon.\nA little secret is that I actually closed the cafe early that day to attend SR and I do not regret a thing! At the end of our session we had ice cream and then wandered through the city. It was an amazing thing to do on a sunny Friday afternoon before going back to the responsibilities of life.\nSugar Republic is no longer in Sydney but it is touring around Australia. If you get the chance to go, do it- even if you have to take the afternoon off work", "How is grime music described in terms of its musical influences", "What topic did Olivia McIvor address at the Servant Leadership Winter Conference regarding different generations", "What song did Kelly Carpenter write in 1994 that has become a worship classic", "What restrictions did visitors face upon entering Mysore Palace", "\"Maichi da uwa ba shi kuka 'n soodi. \"\nLiteral Translation: He who eats with his mother will not have to ask for the soodi, for she will give it to him as a matter of course.\n\"Girman kai rawanin tsiya\"\nMeaning: Pride goes before a fall.\n\"Rua ba su yami banza.\"\nLiteral Translation: Water does not get bitter without a cause.\nMeaning: There is reason for everything.\n\"Idan rua ya zubar, ya ber tulu, ya yi keau.\"\nLiteral Translation: Even if the water is spilt, as long as the tulu is not broken, no harm.\nMeaning: Tulu, the jar", "What are the key features of the COPO Camaro concept developed by Chevy", "It\u2019s hard to believe that it\u2019s been 20 years, but it has. I wrote what has become my signature song, \u201cDraw Me Close, in January of 1994. I came home from church on a Sunday, January 9th to be exact, and felt somewhat discouraged.\nHere\u2019s the final promo video for The No\u00ebl Project. This one features short clips from all the songs on the Project. Enjoy!\nHere\u2019s another promo video for The No\u00ebl Project. This one features us working on a little ditty called \u201cJingle This\u201d, a fun retro-Motown/hip-hop groove with the refrain from \u201cAngels We Have Heard On High\u201d whistled by a small cadre of angelic fans. Please share with your friends. Everybody wants more holiday music.\nWe are quite happy to announce that the first promotional video is out for Kelly\u2019s upcoming holiday release \u201cThe No\u00ebl Project\u201d. Take a look and share, share, share with your friends. Slated for a November 15 release date, we will start taking pre-orders in mid-October. Enjoy!\nI\u2019m scouring the continents for people who would like to add some whistling to this track. That\u2019s right, I would like you to whistle on my upcoming holiday record, The No\u00ebl Project.\nWork on The No\u00ebl Project, the upcoming holiday album, is coming along nicely. Please enjoy a rough mix of Kelly\u2019s adaptation of Bach\u2019s \u201cJesu Joy of Man\u2019s Desiring\u201d.\nHave a listen to the first taste of my upcoming Christmas record, codenamed \u201cProject No\u00ebl\u201d. Yes, it may be the end of July, but I\u2019m visualizing mistletoe and sugar plum fairies.\nHere is one of those improvisational piano pieces I came up with that I later added some atmospheric pads and woodwinds to.\nHere is a sample", "See you at the ASA's Grow Your Portfolio conference 2016\nOn behalf of the Australian Shareholders\u2019 Association, we\u2019re delighted to announce that Sharesight will be sponsoring and exhibiting at the 2016 Grow Your Portfolio conference, to be held 16-17 May at Sheraton on the Park, Sydney.\nAccording to the ASA, they have \u201cput together an impressive program with high calibre, thought-provoking speakers ensuring you receive the maximum return on your registration investment.\u201d\nThe comprehensive program includes the following streams:\n- Buying and selling shares\n- Investor\u2019s toolkit\n- Investor\u2019s opportunities\n- Investor\u2019s alternatives\nRegistrations are now open for the two day conference with an optional third day.\nRegister before 15 March 2016 to take advantag", "What does the author reflect on during the new year", ".\nMy bow is of modest power, 45 lbs pull. I don't intent to ever hunt with it. With something less that a full draw the bow easily will put arrows\nall of the way through a block of shavings. But don't double (front to back) the bales as your arrows may get lodged somewhere between the two.\nI had on hand a few of the corrugated plastic signs that various business tend to set out on streets and roads on weekends to announce their sweet\ndeal on a used mobile home, etc. Since that is an illegal practice where I live, I tend to collect them in my neighborhood, helping the local\nauthorities out. The signs are a pretty tough, and I first used them as a backstop behind the bales of shavings. Still, some of the arrow quills\nsunk into the bale. I moved the signs to be in front of the bales. In that fashion, the initial resistance of the signs was enough to dampen the\ninertia of the arrows from sinking too deeply into the bales and they pulled out easily. As I develop a full draw, I may have to double or triple the\nlayers of signs in front, but no great problem there. After each session, I use my packing tape \"gun\" to seal the bale punctures. That tape keeps\nmoisture out and helps retain the integrity of the bales.", "How did the author's perception of Grime music change over the years", "rists, as well as philosophers, have much to learn from Gary Watson\u2019s seminal work on responsibility. In this chapter, by way of appropriately critical tribute to his contributions, and in the hope that this will provoke him to explore further some of the issues I discuss, I focus on what he has said about responsibility as accountability (as distinct from responsibility as attributability), and on some of its implications for the criminal law (see especially Watson 2004a, 2004b)", "What is a common circumstance shared by the people mentioned in the text regarding their estate and support during their lunacy", "What are some common characteristics and behaviors of individuals with narcissistic personality disorder", "taway mates\nFun in the mountains\nLooking for our first...\nBBC Here Give it a try!\nCouple to fulfill fantasies\ncasual and fun with lots to give\nUPDATE: We are taking a break in the high country of Colorado. Stop by if you like nature.\nActive Swingers as of 23-May-17.\nThis site does not contain sexually explicit images as defined in 18 U.S.C. 2256.\nAccordingly, neither this site nor the contents contained herein are covered by the record-keeping provisions of 18 USC 2257(a)-(c).\nDisclaimer: This website contains adult material. You must be over 18 to enter or 21 were applicable by law.\nAll Members are over 18 years of age", "The Secret Keeper\nby Kate Morton\nThe first book I read by this author (The Forgotten Garden) was compelling and shocking so I expected the same from this book. I was not disappointed! It grips you from the very first chap", "When considered mentally unstable in Kentucky, the person was usually brought before the county court and a jury of local residents determined the condition of the person\u2019s mind. No special medical knowledge was necessary to serve on this jury, but an attorney was appointed to protect the rights of the person suspected of being mentally ill. The jury met to review the circumstances of the case and a determination was made whether the person was mentally unstable. Accounts of these lunacy hearings are usually recorded in the county court order books. However, several months ago, I attempted to find a specific lunacy hearing in Crittenden County said to have been held in county court in the 1870s and found none recorded in the county court records. To date, no Crittenden County lunacy records prior to 1906 have been found.\nThe following Livingston County lunacy records have been abstracted from County Court Order Book O (1875 - 1880), Livingston County Clerk\u2019s Office, Smithland, Kentucky. In each case, the person was ordered to Western Lunatic Asylum, Hopkinsville, Kentucky.\nSamuel L. Sterling showed marked peculiarities when he was 8 or 9 years old but that about 4 years ago he had a sun stroke and became unmistakably insane, since which time he has partially lucid intervals of from 3 to 6 weeks duration. The cause of his lunacy is unknown. He was born in Livingston County, has no estate. His mother is living, but his father is dead. He is capable of laboring in part but that is when he is under the supervision of a capable person. He has no estate. 20 January 1876. [pages 98, 590]\nJames F. Powell has not been destitute of mind from infancy, he first lost his mind about the first of March 1877, the probable cause of his first derangement was excessive use of strong medicine, the cause of his present insanity is unknown. He is about 37 or 38 years old, was born in Shelby County, Kentucky, has been married but is now divorced. He lives in this county but has no estate. His mother is alive and lives in this county and has no estate. His father is dead. [page 232]\nMary Baynes lost her mind on or about the first of March 1878; it is hereditary in her family and has been aggravated in her case by her anxiety upon religious subjects. She is about 38 years old , was", "legal entities, enabled AT&T to successfully argue that a corporation has a right to privacy. (After all, the court said, \u201cit would be very odd indeed for an adjectival form of a defined term not to refer back to that defined term.\u201d) As a result, AT&T\u2019s competitors have not been able to obtain information about an FCC investigation of AT&T regarding AT&T\u2019s alleged overcharging of some of its customers.\nWhether this ruling will be followed in other FOIA cases, or used to expand the concept of privacy rights under other statutes, remains to be seen. For now, when submitting information to regulators in connection with investigations, companies should consider submitting such information as confidential, since doing so could help the company to later challenge attempts by competitors or other third parties to obtain such information from the regulator under FOIA.", "What are the dates during which Michelangelo\u2019s Sistine Chapel exhibit will be in Nashville", "What controversial art piece by Jim Denomie was funded by the Minnesota State Arts Board", ", Leonardo\u2019s impact was great, reflecting\u2026 Read More\nThe taxpayer-funded Minnesota State Arts Board shelled out $10,000 to a local artist who used the money to paint a seven-foot-tall picture of President Donald Trump groping Lady Justice. As part of the Minnesota State Arts Board FY 2018 grants program, Shafer artist Jim Denomie created a series \u201cof large\u2026 Read More\nA Staten Island artist is making national headlines for his \u201chuuuge\u201d commissioned work honoring a muscular President Donald Trump. Scott Lobaido installed a 20-foot tall installation in a client\u2019s yard showing a beefy, muscular bust of Trump atop a red-white-and-blue \u201c2020\u201d that lights up at night, ABC 7 NY reported.\u2026 Read More\nThe first Van Gogh painting to go under the hammer in France in more than two decades was unveiled Wednesday. \u201cWomen Mending Nets in the Dunes\u201d, which the Dutch artist painted early in his career at Scheveningen near The Hague, is expected to go for around five million euros ($6\u2026 Read More\nWhat is the only Da Vinci painting on the open market worth? A Russian billionaire believes he was swindled when he bought it for $127.5 million. This week he\u2019ll find out if he was right. \u201cSalvator Mundi,\u201d a painting of Jesus Christ by the Renaissance polymath Leonardo da Vinci circa\u2026 Read More\nActor Shia LaBeouf\u2019s artistic protest against President Donald Trump has been attacked again \u2014 this time by vandals using a flaming drone in western France where it went on display this month. The project, which features a white flag with the words \u201cHe Will Not Divide Us\u201d filmed round-the-clock by\u2026 Read More\nA newly-curated and highly-anticipated Collection from Pop Artist legend Peter Max, will be available to the public at Bennett Galleries September 16-24th. Read More", "What years did Romsey Golf Club win women's pennants", "What services does Annapolis Home Concierge provide for absentee homeowners", "Mysore Palace is one of the most beautiful Palaces of India. Completed in 1912, with a few additions in later years, it is exquisitely designed.\nPart of the day trip itinerary to Mysore, this time I traveled with my parents, sister & my one-year old niece. We reached the Palace around one, bought the tickets and entered the grounds. The first thing, we had to do before entering the premises, was to leave our shoes behind and were strictly advised not to click any pictures inside by the glaring board put up right outside the door.\nFrom here, we were supposed to go through the souvenir shop and this roundabout always leads to shopping \u2013 and the same happened. We ended up buying lots of things made of sandalwood and were carrying packets of stuff on the palace tour.\nWe walked through the ornate halls and through the polished doors to see this architectural masterpiece. The palace walls are adorned with splendid paintings and it has numerous beautiful halls. One of", "What type of animals benefit from the product that releases more energy from grains", "What kind of content can be expected in the text regarding language, violence, and sexuality", "What unique legal protection for AT&T was identified by the Third Circuit in the case AT&T v. Federal Communications Commission", "What values and skills do Generation Y bring to the workplace according to the text", "What challenge does Cloud VR services face when used in large houses with many walls and floors", "What events are highlighted as must-see at the palace", "shifted between long and short term contracts and how is the LNG spot price developing?\n- International arbitration \u2013 how are pricing disputes being resolved what is the current benchmark price?\n- Price review clauses \u2013 what are the roles of the S curve, price formulae and the impact of the crude price", "e of the Early Bird price of $515 per person, which includes a discounted Green e-Membership to the ASA.\nFind out the benefits of ASA membership.\nOptional extras include the Conference Dinner, Investment Disruptors full day seminar on Wednesday 18 May and the following Site Tours:\n- Lend Lease site tour \u2013 tour Barangaroo site \u2013 18 May\n- Stockland site tour \u2013 18 May\n- Virtus Health site tour \u2013 18 May\n- Woolworths site tour \u2013 19 May\nThere are a strictly limited number of places available for these Site Tours which will be allocated on a first come first served basis, and are only available to conference delegates and their partners.\nFull details and more information about the conference are available on the ASA website.\nWe look forward to seeing you there!", "What factors led the author to choose archery over gun shooting", "What age restriction exists for accessing the website mentioned in the text", "What seems to be the main struggle or feeling expressed by the narrator in the text segment", "What lesson did the author learn from the accident", "What assistance does Martin Signature Homes provide to Owner Builders during the home construction process", "What modifications were made to the interior and below-the-hood features of the vehicle described in the text", "What features does the Huawei PremiumWi-Fi solution for Cloud VR bearer provide to improve the broadband experience", "What notable event occurred during the match where Jay & Mark Briscoe battled for the ROH Tag Team Titles", "Annapolis Home Concierge\nAnnapolis Home Concierge is a professional home watch service for absentee/seasonal homeowners in the Annapolis area. Through regular home visits, we provide trusted property care when you're not there. We specialize in Home Watch Services. Home Watch is \u201ca visual inspection of a home or property, looking for obvious issues.\u201d These inspections include a basic check of plumbing, electrical, and HVAC systems, as well as the overall condition of the home and property. Regularly scheduled visits not only establish a presence in a home, but also allow us to proactively identify issues in a home that could become more significant or costly if left unattended. We cater specifically to snowbirds, vacationers, second homeowners, and anyone who leaves their house for an extended p", "Grime music on the West side of the Atlantic ocean is an especially acquired taste. Technically, the best way to describe grime music is a blend of Dancehall, Hip Hop and Electro [Techno, Drum and Bass etc]. You can always tell it\u2019s grime if the MC sounds slightly off of the beat, that\u2019s just the way they flow to it.\nSubjectively speaking, I would classify Grime as the resonance in between buildings when a car tha", "What type of backstop did the author initially use for shooting arrows before moving to use signs", "What factors are involved in resolving pricing disputes in international arbitration regarding LNG contracts", "y on a stretcher. They transported me to the nearest hospital. The entire time I couldn\u2019t believe what was happening. It all seemed so unreal. I kept thinking about all the obligations I had the next day. How I had to attend my yoga program the next morning, how I had to go to work at my digital marketing firm in the city all week, and how much I wanted to see my sisters\u2026 but I couldn\u2019t move my body.\nThe realization slowly hit that I wouldn\u2019t be able to do any of those things.\nReflections from a survivor\nIncredibly, the car had swerved off the highway and into a sunken pit of mud\u2014right before a tree. Later, experts determined that the car was traveling about 90 miles per hour so if it had hit the tree, the blow would have been fatal. The doctors couldn\u2019t stress enough what a miracle it was that we were still alive and in one piece.\nMichael and I received full body CAT scans, MRIs and X-rays. Joanna, Gabriel and Jose walked away from the accident with minor scrapes and bruises. While Michael left the hospital with cuts and stitches, I was admitted for two days with a broken sternum and phase 1 bruised spleen.\nI felt so lucky. I am so lucky. We are all so lucky to be alive.\nJose was in tears the whole night, blaming himself for the accident. The pain in my body still remains, but I know slowly it will dull and fade. Yet, this experience is forever. I still cannot believe how we let Jose drive. We all knew he was tired, but we just wanted to sleep and get home.\nMy reflections about the accident were (and still are) incredibly frustrating. Healing and dealing with my injuries has brought so much anger, yet also happiness. That bittersweet feeling of being alive\u2014albeit the terribly difficult rehabilitation\u2014is eerie.\nI can still imagine the moments of life fading when I close my eyes and try to recollect that night.\nI realize that sometimes accidents just happen. As much as I could blame myself, the driver, or any of the passengers, there is a communal responsibility that\u2019s important to acknowledge. That moment when you feel something\u2014even a shred of doubt\u2014where lives may be in danger, it\u2019s important to speak up.\n\u201cThat moment when you feel something\u2014even a shred of doubt\u2014where lives may be in danger, it\u2019s important to speak up.\u201d\nBeing assertive isn\u2019t easy, but sometimes it\u2019s not just important: it\u2019s necessary. I learned my lesson the hard way, but it\u2019s a lesson I\u2019ll never forget. Be careful who you get in the car with and make sure you\u2019re 100% confident that they\u2019re are able to drive safely.\nIf something doesn\u2019t feel right, say something. Who knows, it could save your life.", "born and has lived all her life in this county. She is a married woman, the wife of Rufus Baynes and is the mother of 4 living minor children. Her husband owns about 125 acres worth about $600 but owes about $150 purchase money. He also owns about $300 worth of personal property. Her parents are dead and she is incapable of laboring in whole or in part for her support. 29 August 1878. [page 387]\nMary E. Council lost her mind on or about the 15th of August 1878 and the jury is unable to tell the cause of her lunacy. She is about 26 years old, was born and partly raised in Livingston County. She lived in Tennessee a number of years and removed to this county again about 11 years ago. She is a married woman, but wife of W.L. Council. Her husband has no estate and is unable to pay her expenses at the asylum. Her mother is dead and her father lives in Pope County, Illinois and is a poor man. 26 September 1878 . [page 403]\nWilliam Henry Hosick lost his mind at about 4 years of age, he is now about age 17, and it began with epileptic fits. He was born and now lives in Livingston County. He has no estate whatever. His mother is dead and his father lives in Livingston County. 31 March 1879. [page 470]\nCharlie Hosick lost his mind about 2 years since, now being about 11 years old. He was born and now lives in Livingston County. His mother is dead and his father, who lives in Livingston County, has no estate, nor does Charlie. 31 March 1879. [page 471]\nEdward Champion lost his mind 7 or 8 years ago, now being 17 or 18 years of age, and it was caused by fits. He was born in Livingston County and has no estate. His father is dead or gone to parts unknown and his mother lives in Livingston County but has no estate. 31 March 1879. [page 473]\nFrances Dowden (of color) declared a lunatic 10 July 1879. \u201cWe the Jury find that the defendant Frances Dowden is a Lunatic, but she being an utter stranger here and unable to give the information herself, we cannot say concerning her birthplace, parentage, residence or means of support, but we do not think from her appearance that she is capable of laboring in any part for her support and we Judge by her looks that she is perhaps 25 years old and the preponderance of her evidence is that she came from Todd County Kentucky.\u201d [page 512]", "Nobody is Better at Custom Home Building in LA\nIf you are seeking to create a custom built home in Shreveport or Bossier City your best choice for quality, value and craftsmanship is Martin Signature Homes. We\u2019ve helped hundreds of our neighbors to make their dreams come true with a fully customized home that is designed and built to meet your needs and your personal style.\nFull Custom Home Building Services\nMartin Signature Homes is much more than just a construction company. We offer complete project design and management services to help you take the vision you have for your new home and turn it into a fully realized reality. Our team has decades of experience in designing, building and finishing custom homes. We\u2019ll be your representative throughout the entire process, from site selection and home design, through site preparation and construction, right through finishing and landscaping, and \u2013 finally \u2013 turning over the keys to your new home!\nBe Your Own Builder with Our Help\nIf you are eager to become more fully involved in building your new home, while saving a significant amount of money, our innovative \u201cOwner Builder\u201d program may be an excellent option for you. A", "What experiences contributed to the author's feelings of FOMO during high school"]}