{"q_indices": [106, 55, 95, 19, 81, 94, 16, 14, 67, 60, 13, 87, 11, 27, 21, 47, 56, 31, 48, 92, 108, 5, 64, 71, 110, 80, 119, 84, 85, 76, 69, 59, 73, 123, 15, 124, 42, 0, 38, 72, 39, 78, 117, 8, 20, 105, 103, 109, 2, 35, 6, 3, 86, 93, 90, 4, 51, 65, 125, 40, 18, 17, 22, 36], "a_indices": [104, 98, 46, 29, 115, 30, 122, 32, 43, 45, 82, 49, 66, 63, 23, 83, 77, 58, 26, 102, 127, 120, 88, 101, 75, 7, 112, 113, 68, 74, 10, 89, 61, 116, 107, 70, 100, 79, 33, 50, 24, 44, 57, 99, 126, 96, 54, 97, 91, 111, 41, 118, 121, 9, 53, 1, 28, 34, 52, 25, 37, 12, 114, 62], "texts": ["What notable elements of Goebel and Davis's performances are highlighted in the text", "Dixon and Howard were able to walk away from the crash.\nDixon clocked the fastest qualifying time in 21 years to win the pole position. Due to the crash, he will be the first polesitter to finish 30th or worse since Bruno Junqueira in 2002.\nDixon won the Indy 500 in 2008.", "What happened to the number of players for Activision Blizzard's World of Warcraft, and how did this affect the company's shares", "What does the 'E IS PER CAR KIT' statement refer to in the text", "Who clocked the fastest qualifying time in 21 years and won the pole position", "What challenges did the narrator face while trying to capture footage during their hikes in Adelboden", "What should be checked before ordering the Powerflex Polyurethane Bush kit PFF85-103 for Volkswagen POLO models", "Era, and at the end Twisted Tower Dire\u2019s Jonny Aune belts out an absolutely killer, Halford-esque ascending wail. Although Walpyrgus Nights is primarily a showcase for Aune\u2019s acrobatic vocals and the playful mastery of guitarists Scott Waldrop (also of TTD) and Charley Shackleford (of Daylight Dies), Tom Phillips of While Heaven Wept also provides some relatively understated but nevertheless hugely important keyboard accompaniment throughout. Although the keys sometimes nod to Somewhere in Time, his solo break towards the end of \u201cSummerwind\u201d is drenched in some very wistful WHW vibes, and the very first downbeat of the album-closing title track lays down a fantastic nod to \u201cTom Sawyer.\u201d\n\u201cPalmystry\u201d dips its toes in some rockabilly rhythms, while \u201cDead Girls\u201d and \u201cLauralone\u201d both play up the horror-punk atmosphere. Nevertheless, even when the lyrics delve into the gruesome or macabre, the music is almost relentlessly effervescent, ensuring that you\u2019re in the kind of horror movie where the actors are laughing along with you. Truth be told, it\u2019s difficult to find much to fault with this stellar album. \u201cShe Lives\u201d trudges too much and feels a bit underdeveloped compared to the rest of the songs (although the Hammond organ is a very nice touch), but the album\u2019s overall pacing is economical and engaging, the choruses are outrageously catchy, the solos are beautiful distractions, and the cover of Witch Cross\u2019s \u201cLight of a Torch\u201d is both brash and respectful.\nDo you read thinkpieces about heavy metal? Do you follow the bold but underdeveloped editorials that spark wave after wave of impassioned rebuttal? Do you get upset when more mainstream outlets cover heavy metal without the requisite reverence (and/or basic knowledge)? (Hint: I am guilty of this constantly.) I try not to, mostly, because the outrage->click economy doesn\u2019t need my tiny portion of grease to keep its wheels spinning. Think about it like this: if that whole maelstrom of opportunistic and/or self-righteous bloggy word-flinging is like me, a man in his 30s with a job and a mortgage and children and occasionally creaky joints, ambling to the public library to research the historical and sociological antecedents of urban gardening movements, then Walpyrgus Nights is like a kid wearing a dinosaur costume while flipping sweet skateboard tricks and high-fiving the universe. I think your choice is clear", "What is the reason provided for the allocation of End Zone Club seats at Jack Trice Stadium", "he Plug manufactured.\n- Construction made of extra strong EPO rigid foam material\n- Super-original optics and flight image\n- Low weight and still high stiffness\n- 2 Brushless internal rotor motors installed\n- New: instead of dual 70A controllers 80A controllers with external 8A are now available\n- Efficient 70mm 12-blade impeller built in\n- Nine digital servos with metal gears for high control precision\n- Built-in CNC milled retractable undercarriage, completely made from\n- New: revised nose landing gear with minimized play\n- Retractable undercarriage with electrical overload protection\n- New: The tyres on the ball-bearing wheels are equipped with a\nimproved mixture longer service life\n- Detachable bombs and missiles\n- Painted pilot figure and instrument panel\n- Simulated rivet paths\n- LED lighting with bright landing light\n- Hinged landing flaps for uncritical landing approaches\n- New: enlarged cabin compartment now enables 2 pcs 6S 3300mAh\nBatteries for more flight time\n- New: Optimized locking of the canopy with more stability\n- New: improved connectors on the quick-release locking system for\n- Assembly in 10-30 minutes\n- New: new attractive and true to original paint finish\n- Includes richly illustrated assembly instructions in German and English.\nSpan width: 1500 mm\nLength: 1368 mm\nFlight weight: approx. 4100 g\nArea: 36,2 dm\u00b2\nWing loading: 113.2 g/dm\u00b2\nMotor: 2x Brushless internal rotor 2860-KV1800\nServos: 4x Digital 23g MG | 5x Digital 13g MG\n- FMS A-10 Thunderbolt II V2 PNP\n- Reflex stabilization system\nRequired to Complete\n- Battery and Charge", "A great way to spice of your hairstyle is with color! A change of color can do wonders. It can brighten up your face, make you appear younger, or just spice up your appearance. Like any other chemicals, you have to take the necessary steps in order to keep your hair healthy and to keep your hair color vibrant. T", "What challenges are faced in developing women's soccer in Afghanistan compared to other countries", "erve that has the highest concentration of both game and luxury lodges. Another Big 5 reserve worth considering is Madikwe in the North-West, where a number of excellent new lodges have opened in the past couple of years. The Eastern Cape reserves are malaria free, and many offer top-quality game-viewing, though the landscape is not as arresting as the bushveld up north. Most desirable are Kwandwe and Shamwari, both an easy drive from Port Elizabeth, while less expensive options can be found in a multitude of smaller reserves. Lovely Samara, deep in the Karoo, and the extremely reasonable Blaauwbosch on its fringes are also well worth a visit, especially for those who love cheetah and would like to track them on foot (note that Samara doesn't have elephant).\nThe race for a genuine Big 5 safari experience in the Western Cape has been heating up, but none of the current options afford the authentic wilderness experience you'll get in the Eastern Cape, around Kruger, or in KwaZulu-Natal. These Western Cape \"mini\" reserves do have some or all of the Big 5 on the property, but the lions and/or elephants are often not free roaming and the reserves themselves are small. The accommodations can be lovely, and the experience is very satisfying for newcomers to the scene, but it's still best to travel farther, if you can. The current exception to the rule is Sanbona, about 3 hours from Cape Town, a 54,000-hectare (133,380-acre) reserve in the Karoo, which has the wide-open spaces and quality game-viewing expected on an authentic safari. It bears repeating, though, that this is not bushveld country. For those who can't get farther than the Garden Route, consider Buffelsdrift, near Oudtshoorn. They don't have big cats, but it's an excellent deal. Those desperate to see the Big 5 near Cape Town itself, no matter what, can opt for a day trip (or longer stay) at Aquila (it's less than 2 hr. from the city); the lions are in a separate area, but at least you can be guaranteed a sighting.\nAlthough the reserves surrounding Kruger are typical of the African bush and savanna, the Okavango Delta in flood offers a lush landscape that attracts an incredible variety of bird life (not to mention a dense concentration of game). It's a must on any safari itinerary. Then there are the desert reserves such as Tswalu, Kgaligadi Transfrontier Park, and Makgadigadi Pans. With huge horizons and stark landscapes, these support species that have adapted to harsh conditions, such as cheetahs and gemsboks (oryx). By contrast, KwaZulu-Natal's semitropical climate creates a more junglelike environment -- it's beautiful, but spotting animals is a little more difficult in dense foliation -- and visitors can combine a safari with diving and snorkeling excursions. Zululand reserves include a variety of terrain, from sand, swamp, and mangrove forests to savannah, bush, and veld. As a result, it offers a range of flora and fauna endemic to these particular ecosystems.\nI've heard that malaria medication can have side effects, and I want to take my children. Are there malaria-free reserves worth visiting? -- The best malaria-free Big 5 reserve is Makweti, but it's also worth looking at the options in Welgevonden, a pretty reserve very close to Johannesburg with numerous lodges, as well as the reserves in the Western and Eastern Cape. Staff and programs are often geared specifically for children in malaria-free reserves (Lalibela and River Bend are best in Eastern Cape, and Jaci's Safari Lodge is best in Makweti).\nI've decided on the private reserve. How should I choose my lodge or camp? -- It's worth mentioning that some of the larger lodges simply feel like plush hotels. Budget permitting, select a private lodge that takes no more than 18 guests per camp -- this means you'll be ensured very personal service and the peace and quiet to absorb your surroundings. Privacy is paramount -- units are usually set far apart, often with such luxuries as private plunge pools. If, however, you want to get a real feel for the bush, consider tented bush camps, where such essentials as hot water and en-suite bathrooms are standard features, but canvas walls allow the sounds of the bush to connect you with the outdoors. If you don't mind living out of a suitcase, moving from camp to camp is the ideal way to see different environments as well as plentiful game. And nowhere does it get as good as Botswana.\nIf I'm visiting a private reserve, do I still need to include a national park or provincial reserve in my itinerary? -- Not necessarily. A private reserve should deliver all that you expect in terms of flora and fauna interaction and experience. In a national park or provincial reserve, you are, after all, in a closed vehicle, on demarcated roads which you can't leave, and you're not trained to spot animals in the bush. These reserves can also become very crowded, especially during school holidays, when queues are known to form around game sightings. With limited time, a private reserve is the best option, but for a more extended stay, a national park, perhaps with a trail, is an excellent option. Outside school holidays, you may enjoy sightings in the Kruger in total solitude -- a privilege you'll seldom have in a private reserve, where other guests are usually onboard, and another vehicle is on the way as soon as an animal is spotted.\nWhen's the best time to go on safari? -- The dry winter months (June-Oct, particularly Oct) are considered best. That's when the vegetation has died back and animals are easier to see, concentrated around the diminishing sources of water. Unless it was a particularly wet summer, the malaria risk is also considerably lower. But spring and summer bring their own benefits: Many animals have young (there's nothing quite as delightful as a baby giraffe), the vegetation is lush and often flowering, and colorful migrant birds adorn the trees. It is more difficult to spot animals in spring and summer, however, and you'll almost definitely need to spend time in a private reserve if you want to be assured of seeing big game.\nHow long do I need to spend on safari? -- To honestly say you've experienced the bush, you'll need a minimum of 3 nights and 3 full days at one lodge -- preferably 4 to 5, split over two destinations.\nHow safe am I on safari? -- You are undertaking a journey through a landscape where wild animals abound, but if you behave sensibly, the risk posed by wild animals is minimal. Malaria is also a serious threat -- potentially fatal.\nI've heard that walking safaris are the best way to experience the bush. Is this true? -- In a sense, yes. Guided by an armed and knowledgeable ranger, you will see many things that people in cars blindly cruise by, and the experience of spotting a rhino just yards away on foot is unforgettable. The emphasis, however, is not on tracking game (no ranger would take you within striking distance of a big cat) as much as it is on understanding the intricacies of the relationships in the bush, communing with nature, and learning about the medicinal use of indigenous plants. The ranger is armed, so there is no real danger (though a ranger was recently trampled to death by an elephant in Hluhluwe-Umfolozi, so be aware that these seemingly gentle giants need to be treated with the utmost respect). The wilderness trails in Kruger and Hluhluwe reserves enjoy an unblemished safety record for visitors.\nWhat should I pack? -- Pack light, particularly if you are taking a charter plane to Botswana, which currently allows only one soft-sided bag weighing 10kg (22 lb.). Choose colors that blend in with the bush: Gray, brown/beige, and khaki are best. Loose cotton clothing tends to be the most comfortable and protects your limbs from mosquitoes. If you intend to walk, you'll need long pants to protect you from prickly vegetation and ticks, as well as comfortable hiking boots. A warm sweater, a coat, long pants, a scarf, and gloves are recommended during evening ga", "What does the text suggest about the challenges men face when attempting to meet women in social settings such as clubs", "What kind of support do organizations receive from the company after the delivery of business applications or operations", "Why is Renault's Raj White feeling anxious about the 2014 F1 season opener in Australia", "What types of services does the organization offer to support projects", "What are some key factors to consider when choosing a lodge or camp for a safari", "What are some of the safari options available for experiencing wildlife in southern Africa", "What issues is the person experiencing with their computer related to Explorer", "What is considered the most popular feature of living at Riverport according to a brief survey of residents", "What criticism did a proposal to name Riad Hijab as prime minister-in-exile face during the meeting of Syria's opposition umbrella group", "What is the purpose of the artist residencies at the Exploratorium", "Syria's opposition umbrella group met Sunday in a bid to name a prime minister-in-exile, a day after Damascus rejected the idea that President Bashar al-Assad will be ousted.\nThe diplomatic face off came as five members of one family were killed in regime air strikes on a village in Damascus province, according to a watchdog.\nThe National Coalition, which many Western and Arab powers recognise as the sole representative of the Syrian people, was discussing the idea of a government-in-exile in Istanbul but differences have emerged over who should lead the new executive, an opposition official told AFP.\n\"A proposal was made to name Riad Hijab but it has run into much criticism,\" the official said on condition of anonymity.\nHijab, a former prime minister in the Assad regime, defected last August and has worked closely with Turkish leaders to help restructure the fragmented Syrian opposition.\nThe opposition bloc, which has called for the establishment of an interim government with full executive powers in rebel-held areas inside Syria, is due to meet on January 28 in Paris, French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said.\nSyria's Foreign Minister Walid Muallem meanwhile struck a defiant tone, telling state television late on Saturday that those who demand the Assad removal want only bloodshed in the country.\n\"Nobody can afford to undermine the presidency -- it is unacceptable,\" Muallem said.\n\"The US continues to have the president's departure as a condition of regime change, ignoring the fact that the captain of a capsized ship does not jump into the first boat,\" he added.\nBut Assad's mother Anisa Makhluf has meanwhile left the war-torn country and joined her daughter in Dubai, Syrian expatriates in the United Arab Emirates and an activist said on Sunday.\nMakhluf's \"departure from Syria is another indic", "I am such a breakfast person! I love waffles with home made whipped cream and fresh peaches, scones, bagels, yummy egg sandwiches\u2026 however, my very favorite breakfast is an omelet! When I am traveling, if there is a breakfast buffet with an omelet bar SIGN ME UP! They truly are an all time fav!\nWhen I am home, it is pretty unlikely that I will be busting out my omelet bar skills! On any given morning, we are running in a million different directions and I typically only have time for a protein shake! That was until I started making these delicious omelet inspired egg muffins. Think omelet on the go!!\nThese little muffins can be created however you would like, the options for toppings are endless and are a very healthy option on the go!\nHere is our go to muffin recipe\u2026\n2 Dozen Large Eggs (Prefer Organic Brown Eggs)\nSalt and Pepper Eggs to taste\n2 cups Diced Ham\n3 Chopped Bell Peppers\n1 cup chopped spinach\n1 finely chopped jalape\u00f1o\n1 cup grated pepper jack cheese\n**Keep in mind you can add as much or as little as you like! This is just a starting point. This will make 24 egg muffins. Each egg muffin contains 1 egg.\nLets get things prepped!\n- Preheat oven 350 degrees\n- Lightly spray muffin tins. You will need 24 muffin tins, however, you can", "and wonderful baths, lies as a comfortable shelter outside the swimming and bath area and provides excellent opportunities for snorkeling!\nThe 12 villas, located directly on the beach, are equipped with: cable TV, ceiling fans and fully equipped kitchens. A gem of charming Anguilla!\nNumerous restaurants with different profile and character are very close to the hotel and give you both variety and quality.", "Bad Housekeeping project started as conversations between friends, sharing books and discussing experiences. Now we\u2019re opening up the conversation and creating a shared learning experience. We previously hosted the workshop at the Barbican. The Feminist Library is a large collection of Women's Liberation Movement literature based in London. We have been supporting research, activist and community projects since 1975.\nFrom the opinions we hold, to the clothes you wear - how are we influenced", "What challenge does the Afghanistan Women's National Team face in preparing for the South Asian Football Federation Championships", "Staff friendly and understanding at a difficult time\nPrompt and friendly - very professional\nTook time to explain in ordinary language that was understandable\nDealt with very quickly. Friendly and professional service\nVery helpful and patient\nFriendly service, kind when answering daft questions!\nVery friendly and clear explanations\nGood explanations, easy to understand\nFriendly no rush approach. Clear understandable information and advice.\nEverything was clearly explained. I have had good service.\nI was very pleased with the prompt service I received\nI have always had excellent advice and service.\nPleasant and informative service at al", "y computer back. Sometimes I will just get the error popup and still be able to shunt it off to the side of the screen and continue with what I was doing (and I can open text files indefinitely when I do this), but sometimes it just closes explorer right out.\nGiven that I tested this on a fresh install, I'm -pretty- sure it's not malware or anything like that, and I can identify pretty much every line that HiJackThis generates. Can anyone give me an idea as to what's going on", "Engineering, Drexel University. His research centers on intelligence control, autonomous robots, learning systems, computer architectures for cognitive machines, and manufacturing, as well as the theory of knowledge representation.\n1. Introduction (Wout van Wezel and Ren&eeacute; Jorna).\nPART I: THEORETICAL.\nIntroduction to Chapter 2.\n2. How We Do What We Want: A Neurocognitive Perspective on Human Action Planning (Bernhard Hommel).\nIntroduction to Chapter 3.\n3. Planning in Dynamic Situations: Some Findings in Complex Supervisory Control (Jean-Michel Hoc).\nIntroduction to Chapter 4.\n4. Cognition, Planning, and Domains: An Empirical Study into the Planning Processes of Planners (Ren\u00e9 Jorna).\nIntroduction to Chapter 5.\n5. Coordination Mechanisms in Multi-Actor Systems (Henk W.M. Gazendam).\nIntroduction to Chapter 6.\n6. The Organizational Interconnectivity of Planning and Scheduling (Kenneth N. McKay and Vincent C.S. Wiers).\nIntroduction to Chapter 7.\n7. Interactive Scheduling Systems (Wout van Wezel).\nIntroduction to Chapter 8.\n8. Mathematical Models for Planning Support (Leo G. Kroon and Rob A. Zuidwijk).\nIntroduction to Chapter 9.\n9. Modeling and Solving Multisite Scheduling Problems (J\u00fcrgen Sauer).\nIntroduction to Chapter 10.\n10. Multi-Agent Planning in the Presence of Multiple Goals (Michael H. Bowling, Rune M. Jensen, and Manuela M. Veloso).\nIntroduction to Chapter 11.\n11. Multiresolutional Representation and Behavior Generation: How Does It Affect the Performance of and Planning for Intelligent Systems (Alexander Meystel).\nPART II: PRACTICAL.\n12. Perspectives on Shunting Planning: Research in Planning Support at the Netherlands Railways (Wout van Wezel and Derk Jan Kiewiet).\n13. Task Analysis for Problems of Shunting Planning within the Netherlands Railways (Derk Jan Kiewiet, Ren\u00e9 Jorna, and Wout van Wezel).\n14. Intelligent Shunting: Dealing with Constraints (Satisfaction) (Erwin Abbink).\n15. Applying Operations Research Techniques to Planning of Train Shunting (Ramon M. Lentink, Pieter-Jan Fioole, Leo G. Kroon, and Cor van\u2019t Woudt).\n16. Train Shunting: A Practical Heuristic Inspired by Dynamic Programming (R. Haijema, C.W. Duin, and N.M. van Dijk).\n17. Planner-Oriented Design of Algorithms for Train Shunting Scheduling (J. Riezebos and Wout van Wezel).\n18. Conclusions for Intelligent Planning: Diversity and the Quest for Unity (Ren\u00e9 Jorna, Wout van Wezel, and Alexander Meystel)", "Where can users of iPhone BBM notify BlackBerry about bugs", "s.\nContact us \u00bb\nAll the available technical and domain knowledge, anticipated risks, and feasibilities are validated before defining the presentable and defendable solutions for our clients.\nGet in touch \u00bb\nOrganizations find it difficult to get a realiable partner which keep the business applications or operations running smoothly post delivery. We offer 24x7 & multi-timezone support.\nWe support \u00bb", "The War That Saved My Life\nA young disabled girl and her brother are evacuated from London to the English countryside during World War II, where they find life to be much sweeter away from their abusive mother.\nMark Twain Award Nominees 2018-2019\nThyme Owens moves across the country with her family so her younger brother can take part in a promising cancer drug trial, and though all she wants is for him to get better, adjusting to life in Manhattan is anything but easy.\nIn Washington, D.C., twelve-year-old Florian Bates, a consulting detective for the FBI, and his best friend Margaret help thwart the biggest art heist in United States history.\nAspiring to be the fastest sprinter on his elite middle school's track team, gifted runner Ghost finds his goal challenged by a tragic past with a violent father. A Caitlyn Dlouhy book.\nCatrina and her family have moved to the coast of Northern California for the sake of her little sister, Maya, who has cystic fibrosis. Cat is even less happy about the move when she is told that her new town is inhabited by ghosts, but Maya sets her heart on meeting one.\nFollows the efforts of twelve-year-old Reena, who has recently moved to rural Maine, to adjust to a new environment while unexpectedly bonding with an ornery cow.\nNine, Ten : A September 11 Story\nRelates how the lives of four children living in different parts of the country intersect and are affected by the events of Septem", "l times\nI think your firm is outstanding. It was a pleasure to work with Mandy\nVery happy how Mandy helped us understand what we were trying to do, brilliant\nListened, kept it simple, quick. It was a little more than we thought we would have to spend but service 11 out of 10\nVery friendly and efficient service\nYou are such a pleasure to do business with - always so helpful and so efficient too. I bless the day, years ago now, that I walked in to the Lyme Regis office with a rather complex list of requirements and established an excellent working relationship with Mrs. Loveridge.\nOur family has been with Scott Rowe for many, many years!", "What factors have affected Primo Water's anticipated sales from its Flavorstation line this quarter", "What organization\u2019s views are not necessarily reflected in the opinions and recommendations of the authors presented in this material", "Safari Specifics: FAQ\nWhat are the safari options available? -- Wildlife viewing and interaction is the reason most set their sights on southern Africa, which has resulted in a number of ways to experience the bush. You can opt for a self-drive safari in a national park, fly straight to a luxurious lodge in a private game reserve, or -- best of all -- combine the two. The more adventurous take their chances on a specialist safari and go on foot, horseback, bike, canoe, or even the back of an elephant. If you're keen to walk the wilderness accompanied by an experienced, armed game ranger, consider the trails in Umfolozi (Imfolozi) -- 30,000 hectares (74,100 acres) of pristine bush and savanna (with no roads or paths other than those created by animals), rated by experienced hikers as South Africa's best. The most popular trail is the 2-night Short Wilderness Trail. Trails are run from mid-February to mid-November, afford an authentic wilderness experience, and introduce walkers to the broad diversity of fauna, flora, and ecological habitats that characterize KwaZulu-Natal. Alternatively, the walking safaris in Kruger National Park, which offers a choice of seven separate wilderness trails, are also highly recommended. Some Eastern Cape Reserves, such as Samara and Blaauwbosch, also offer \"walk and stalk\" opportunities, where you can track cheetah on foot (though these are short walks, not trails). For game-spotting on horseback, book a horseback-riding trail in the Delta. Families can saddle up in the malaria-free Waterberg. Other Botswana highlights include cycling safaris in Tuli, quad-bike safaris at Jack's Camp in the Makgadikgadi Pans, and mokoro (dugout canoe) safaris in the Okavango Delta -- the traditional way to get around its waterways, unhindered by buzzing motors or gas fumes. If you've always had a soft spot for the pachyderm, you can now mount your very own elephant and go tracking in almost all the game-viewing regions, but the best experiences are in Abu Camp in the delta and Camp Jabulani near Kruger.\nWhich country should I focus on? -- South Africa has the best-managed national parks in Africa, as well as some of the most luxurious private reserves; but if you're looking for the original untamed Eden, nothing beats Botswana, particularly the Okavango Delta. This is largely due to a government policy aimed at low-density, high-cost tourism. So be warned: Little here comes cheap. Until the land grab and economic crisis is resolved in Zimbabwe, visiting there should be restricted to Victoria Falls, which is close to the Botswana/Zambian border.\nHow do I get around between reserves? -- In South Africa, most of the reserves are concentrated around Kruger, or north of Johannesburg. You can reach them by flying directly to Johannesburg or Cape Town, then catching a connecting flight to an airport in or near the reserves, or even directly to the reserves. You can also opt for the 4- to 5-hour drive (or longer, if you include the Blyde River Canyon) from Johannesburg to the Kruger; the scenery is pleasant, and there are fabulous lodging options in the forests and farms along the way. Madikwe and Welgevonden are even closer -- 3- and 2 1/2-hour drives, respectively; camps here will arrange to meet you at Johannesburg's airport and whisk you straight to the bush.\nTo reach KwaZulu-Natal's reserves, most of which are in the northeast of the province in an area called Zululand, fly from Johannesburg or Cape Town to Durban or Richard's Bay airport. The closest reserve is 30 minutes away, while the biggest, Hluhluwe-Umfolozi, is an easy 3-hour drive from Durban airport (2 hr. from Richard's Bay).\nPort Elizabeth is the airport closest to the Eastern Cape reserves; most are a mere 20- to 90-minutes' drive away. The best of these are comparable with the top reserves in the country, though vegetation is not as lush and trees aren't as plentiful as in the north or KZN. Best of all, they are malaria free. Visiting one is the ideal start or end point of a road trip along the Garden Route to or from Cape Town, a wonderfully scenic drive with great choices in lodgings and activities.\nFrom South Africa, you'll have to fly via Johannesburg to get to Botswana's reserves and camps, most of which are accessible by charter flight from Maun or Kasane.\nWhat should I do if I'm on a budget? -- By far the best budget option is to rent a car and drive yourself around the reserves, concentrating on the national parks (such as Kruger) and/or the provincial reserves (such as Hluhluwe-Umfolozi). The roads in these reserves are in good condition, so you won't need a four-wheel-drive. There are a number of advantages besides cost: You can set your own pace, take in more than one environment (many visitors, for instance, combine a trip to Kruger with a KwaZulu-Natal reserve trip), and bring the kids (many private game reserves don't accept children). Kruger accommodations are usually in semiserviced rondawels (pronounced \"ron-da-villes\") -- round, thatch-roof cottages with basic en-suite bathrooms that offer excellent value for the money (R575 per night; there are also standing tents from R285 at some camps). Cheaper units won't have their own kitchen, but all feature a fridge, tea-making facilities, and a barbecue area. Linens and towels are also provided. The more expensive units will have the added advantage of better views or more privacy. Most rest camps have a shop selling supplies, including such basics as dishwashing liquid, wood, fire-lighters, tinned foods, frozen meat, toiletries, and aspirin; you can also purchase field guides here. Most also have a restaurant serving breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Try to combine this with at least 2 nights in a private reserve (for reasons discussed below). The best-value Big 5 options close to Kruger are Gomo Gomo, Arasutha, and Umlani Bushcamps -- all charge less than R5,000 for two, including all game activities and all meals. For those prepared to \"rough it,\" Mosetlha Bush Camp in Madikwe offers one of the most authentic safari experiences for the staggeringly good-value rate of R3,370 for two. The best-value Big 5 private reserve option in KwaZulu-Natal is currently Phinda Forest Lodge in the Phinda Private Game Reserve (R3,295-R5,985 all-inclusive), which offers luxury award-winning accommodation, a diverse ecosystem from sand forest to ilala palm veld and bush savannah, excellent game-viewing, and great cuisine. The only budget option in the delta is Oddballs, the base lodge from which mokoro (pole-propelled canoe) camping trips are made, but I'd plunder savings and upgrade to Xakanaxa Camp or Khwai Tented Camp.\nDo I need to visit a private reserve? -- The best reason to visit a private reserve is that you are guaranteed to see more animals, and you will learn more about the intricacies of the bush. Visitors are taken for game drives in an open-topped vehicle by an armed and knowledgeable ranger, usually helped by a tracker, and in radio communication with other vehicles. Sightings are excellent on game drives (at least two of the Big 5 in one drive), and it's great to have your questions answered without having to flip through a book. In certain reserves, such as Sabi Sand, Timbavati, Thornybush, and Phinda, rangers are allowed to drive off-road, taking you almost within touching distance of animals (note that this is not possible in private concessions within National Parks). A typical day starts with a 3-hour, early-morning game drive, during which eight guests (or fewer at the more expensive lodges) are accompanied by a game ranger and tracker. A large cooked breakfast follows, possibly in the bush. A guided walk generally takes place before lunch, and afternoons are spent relaxing at the pool or on a viewing deck. Night drives take place during the sunset/early-evening hours, when drinks (sundowners) are served in the bush. The last hour or so is spent driving with a spotlight. Night drives can be incredibly dull (it'", "What challenges do nine-home Reena face when moving to rural Maine", "What are the main ingredients needed to make the omelet-inspired egg muffins", "What amenities and features do the 12 villas on the beach offer for guests", "Powerflex Polyurethane Bush kit for Volkswagen POLO MODELS Front Wishbone Inner Bush - PFF85-103 - G40 POLO can be fitted with a metal inner wishbone bush. If this is the case PFF85-103 will not fit. Please check before ordering. - Bush Size: - PRIC", "What prompted the creation of the PDXV quintet after their initial engagement five years ago", "The Farnsworth Art Museum showcases a large collection of famous works of America?s best artists. This Museum has around 20,000 square feet of gallery space with more than 10,000 artworks. The Farnsworth Art Museum features the second-largest superb artistic works of one of the most famous sculptor in the 20th century named Louise Nevelson. This museum also owns the Wyeth Center which highligh", "do this in two batches.\n- Crack and whisk 24 eggs with salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl.\n- Add all toppings into the BOTTOM of the muffin pan. (excluding cheese) This is where you can add the amount you would like!\n- Use a small ladle and scoop the whisked eggs into the muffin tin. Do not over fill more than 3/4 full. They will rise up larger!\n- Sprinkle small amount of cheese on top. This will crisp up and add a little bit of creamy-ness however not much is needed unless you are a cheese lover!\nNow is the time to bake!\n- Place muffin tins in 350 degree oven for approx. 20 minutes. This will vary based on your muffin tins, the amount of egg mixture and your oven. You will want to cook these until your eggs are solid but not burnt!\n- Once the centers are firm remove and let them cool on a cooling rack!\nThese will stay fresh in the fridge for up to 7 days. Heat in the microwave for 30 seconds and enjoy a warm omelet on the go! These are great breakfast, snacks and awesome to pop into your kids back to school lunches! Add some sliced avocado or salsa for another mix!\nOther great toppings\u2026\nCooked and Drained Bacon or Sausage\nFeta Cheese Crumbles\nCook and enjoy and make sure you post your pictures on Instagram tagging @beyondbeyondblogger", "ts the works of Jamie Wyeth.\nIn addition, Farnsworth Art Museum regularly holds different events and affairs commemorating different brilliant works of the greatest American artists. You can visit Farnsworth Art Museum for free if you are a member while the regular fee for adults is $12.\nThe Farnsworth Art Museum is the best place to go for people who can appreciate the real beauty of artistry", "But even after a fresh install of windows, my explorer.exe crashes even when I attempt to open even a text file, no matter what program I use to open it.\nMost of the time I can run an .exe file in explorer safely, but running pretty much anything else comes with the risk that explorer will crash (Data Execution Prevention- To help protect your computer, Windows has closed this program) and I'll have to close it (and the meddling DrWatson) and reopen it in task manager to get m", "What are the humanitarian conditions like in Syria, according to the UN evaluation", "What is the Bad Housekeeping project about", "ding will go up considerably. In the event you would like to date a handsome girl, you have got to generate several motions. To put it you do not need to date several girls and alternatively it\u2019s potential to select which girls you will korean mail order bride need so far. Consequently, before going to your Ukrainian girl that is sexy, prosper the above things.\na portion of her will forever looking, if you cannot get a woman feel secure. A woman knows afterward you\u2019re dependable. 2030 year on internet online dating web internet sites old ladies get a great deal of admirers, however the ladies are common.\nWhat brings women can appear to become a puzzle for a number of guys and also you\u2019ve got to actually dig down and discover out what secrets of allure that you need to find out if you need to lose some light. Just ensure you never push too much for it, because this is the sort of thing that could wind up turning off a female. The more experience that you have in regards to dating, the more probable it is that you\u2019re going to comprehend what you\u2019d like and which can allow you to attract a woman who is excellent for you. You can find the woman of your dreams if you\u2019re prepared to execute just a small bit of work and facing some rejection from women. With the techniques and strategies, it\u2019s simple to find the woman how much money you earn or that you dream about plus it isn\u2019t important how you look", "ber 11, 2001.\nSave Me a Seat\nRavi has just moved to the United States from India and has always been at the top of his class; Joe has lived in the same town his whole life and has learning problems--but when their lives intersect in the first week of fifth grade they are brought together by a common enemy (the biggest bully in their class) and the need to take control of their lives.\nMoving to Hillcrest, Ohio, when his adoptive father accepts a temporary job, twelve-year-old Jeremiah, a heart transplant recipient, has sixty days to find a baseball team to coach.\nThe Seventh Wish\nUnsure of how to get her family's attention, Charlie comes across the surprise of her life one day while ice-fishing ... in the form of a floppy, scaly fish offering to grant her a wish in exchange for its freedom.\nUnbound: a Novel in Verse\nThe day nine-year-old Grace is called to work in the kitchen in the Big House, everyone warns her to keep her head down and her thoughts to herself, but the more she sees of the oppressive Master and his hateful wife, the more she questions things until one day her thoughts escape--and to avoid being separated she and her family flee into the Dismal Swamp, to join the other escaped slaves who live there.\nWhen Friendship Followed Me Home\nSeventh-grader Ben, always an outsider, is led into a deep friendship with Halley, who is being treated for cancer, by the special dog he and his adoptive mother take in", "What qualities were illustrated by the staff during their service", "Shoal Bay Villas\nWith a difficult location at one of the world\u2019s top ten-rated beaches \u2013 Shoal Bay East, this cozy hotel is rightly permeated by a local touch and profile. Everything from the hospitable and pleasant staff, to the rooms\u2019 furniture and design. With its hospitality and friendly service, this is a hotel that has many repeat guests!\nIn addition to the already perfect conditions for a lot of sun", "Scott Dixon remarkably walked away from a scary crash.\nOn lap 53 of Sunday's Indianapolis 500, New Zealander Scott Dixon was knocked out of the race after a wreck with Jay Howard totaled his car.\nThe oval was red-flagged to clean up from the crash.\nWatch the crash below:", "Do you reside in Djibouti? Are you planning to visit Kosovo? If you answered yes then this article is ideal for you.\nBefore booking for your trip, you could be thinking: Do Djibouti citizens need a visa to enter Kosovo? What visa do I need to travel to or visit Kosovo? What are the visa requirements for Kosovo? How long can I stay in Kosovo on e-visa?\nMany Djibouti citizens are asking these questions themselves. As the world becomes smaller with modern technology and easier travel options, it is normal to desire to visit other regions of the globe.\nIf you\u2019re looking to visit another country and do not already know its Visa requirements, this can be a bit challenging.\nLuckily, we\u2019ll be discussing the requirements for visas and other details about traveling to Kosovo with Djibouti passport.\nAlways prepare ahead prior to your trip to ensure that everything goes smoothly. To help you with this, we\u2019ve put together this article that provides helpful information on what you should do prior to traveling to Kosovo.\nWe will discuss what type of visa you need to enter or visit Kosovo, as well as how long you can stay in Kosovo if your visa is approved.\nThis article will tell you everything you should be aware of when applying for a visa for a trip to Kosovo as a citizen from Djibouti.\nKosovo is among the most beautiful nations in the world; it is renowned for its rich culture and diversity. The country offers many opportunities for travelers to experience its rich history and cultural heritage.\nIf you are looking for a place to go on vacation or just want to discover a new place, Kosovo is an excellent choice!\nOne way to get an idea of the uniqueness of this country is to visit one of its many tourist attractions!\nThere are many factors that make this nation distinctive. The first is that it is rich in history, which is evident in many towns and monuments. It also has a diverse population of people from across the globe living there.\nIf you are planning on traveling there soon ensure that you take a look at these tourist attractions to ensure that you do not lose any thing!\nKosovo is a country in the Balkans. Kosovo has an abundance of natural beauty, historical sites and landscapes, but it is also one of the poorest countries in Europe.\nThe best time to visit Kosovo is f", "What major performances and honors did Van Cliburn achieve throughout his career", "What is the purpose of the recent update to BBM for iPhone released by BlackBerry", "Massive Memorial Day Weekend Mailbag\nI don\u2019t think that I\u2019ve ever done this, but I\u2019d like to post this Memorial Day mailbag in honor of my late, great Uncle Dean Livingston who passed away earlier this week. My Uncle Dean was a great journalist and being that we are the only two \u201cmedia men\u201d that I know of in my entire family tree, I always felt a special bond with him, even though I only met him twice in my 29-years of life. My \"style\" of journalism is a heck of a lot different than what he practiced, but hard working men like him paved the way so hack bloggers like myself could make a living doing what we do today.\nSo cheers to you Uncle Dean and God bless.\nAnd cheers to you and yours this weekend Fanatics. Let\u2019s take this time to remember the great times with those who are no longer here with us today.\nNow then, let\u2019s begin this incredibly lengthy mailbag with a question from MLawrence.\nMLawrence writes: Which has made the bigger impact on the men's basketball team, Coach Hoiberg's coaching (for example his offensive scheme or his plays after a break) or his recruiting?\nCW: There is no doubt that Fred Hoiberg has developed into one of the top in-game coaches in college basketball over the last four years but I will go with recruiting on this one.\nWhy? Well, put it this way. Tom Izzo is a great in-game coach too. But if Tom Izzo, Fred Hoiberg, Coach K (I\u2019m too lazy to spell out his name) or Kevin Ollie coached TCU (and its current players) a season ago, the Horned Frogs still wouldn\u2019t have been any good.\nCoaching is important, no doubt. But ultimately, players win games. Without good players, a coach can only do so much. Luckily for Iowa State, Hoiberg realized this the day that he took the job. The cupboard was nearly empty and that\u2019s why he went the transfer route \u2013 to give Iowa State a chance to win sooner rather than later. He is a great coach, but would not have been in the Sweet 16 a year ago without great talent on the floor. Having said that, I do believe that Iowa State (from a talent standpoint) probably overachieved last year, so Hoiberg absolutely deserves a large chunk of credit.\nRhillary writes: I got a question for you C-Dub (though it might be better in a podcast because I'd want to hear Adam and/or Blum's response to). If you could change the outcome of any one game/event in Iowa State athletics history (all sports), what would it be (and why)?\nCW: You\u2019re right Hillary. This could be a great podcast topic. In fact, I feel like I could write a short book about this. A guy could certainly fill it with multiple chapters\u2026\nYou know, I think that there is one obvious go-to answer here. That\u2019s the Elite Eight loss to Michigan State in 2000. If Iowa State wins that game, I believe they would have won the national title. That\u2019s the only game that I can think of that if you change the result, a national title is a probable outcome.\nOne comes to my mind in football (modern day)\u2026\nLet\u2019s go back to 2005, at Nebraska, in a 27-20 double-overtime loss to the Huskers. That was the best Iowa State football team that I have ever covered (my opinion, of course). The next week, demoralized from that crushing loss in Lincoln, the Cyclones lost at home to Baylor (who was far from being the Baylor that we now know at that time). Another overtime loss, to Missouri, followed the loss to Baylor.\nWould beating Nebraska in 2005 have reversed what I thought was a disappointing 7-5 season (loss to TCU in the Houston Bowl)? I guess don\u2019t know that for sure. But I truly believe that if they would have beaten the \u2018Skers that day, a trip to the Holiday Bowl (at least) and a Big 12 Championship Game berth would have been the outcome. That would/could have changed a lot for the Iowa State football program in years to come.\nRegardless, that was the most disappointing season in modern day Iowa State football history, even more so than 2002 (again, only my opinion).\nKCClone1 writes: With Luke Knott now cleared for football activities, who do you predict will be our 3 starting LB's against NDSU?\nCW: My projection right now is for the three starters to be Luke Knott (WILL), Jordan Harris (MLB) and Jared Brackens (SLB). Any of those three could end up being wrong though. I wouldn\u2019t call any of them a lock. After all, Knott has been inactive since the middle of last season. I guess that spot will depend on Jevohn Miller's offseason development. Harris has the skills to be a quality Big 12 linebacker but mentally, he just isn\u2019t there yet. I\u2019m projecting him to \u201cclick\u201d in August. If not, I\u2019d guess Alton Meeks. Drake Ferch exited the spring as Iowa State\u2019s No. 1 SLB but I don\u2019t see how he\u2019ll actually start the opener over Brackens.\nMymanfreddie writes: Luke Bryan's \"Crash My Party\" album or Eric Church's, \"The Outsiders\"?\nCW: Is this some sort of a sick joke? Watch this piece of musical gold...\nNow, watch this Luke Bryan clip.\nPlease: Ask me again that question again with a straight face...\nWhen is Jamie Pollard getting a lifetime contract?\nCW: Wow. That\u2019s bold. Listen, I like Jamie Pollard as much as the next Fanatic but I\u2019m not sure a lifetime contract is the way to go with the most important position in an athletic department. I would guess that even Pollard would say that. Now, that doesn\u2019t mean that JP isn\u2019t great for Iowa State. He gets it. He understands the culture and knows that in order to win here, you have to get creative and do more with less. But I just don't think that Pollard needs a lifetime deal to feel the \"love\" in Ames. I doubt this ever happens.\nDandyCyclone writes: Will the Big 12 expand back to 12 teams in the next couple of years? The football schedule would benefit going back to 8 conference games.\nCW: I don\u2019t think so. There just aren\u2019t enough schools out there to make it worth the Big 12\u2019s while from a financial standpoint. It\u2019s all about dollars and cents. Excuse me while I take four minutes and 20 seconds out of your day to let Puffy prove my point.\nNow that we\u2019ve got that out of the way and established that this is all about money and nothing more, let\u2019s do some very simple math.\nCurrently, there are 10 teams in the Big 12. The Big 12 only has to split its television money 10 ways (equally). If the league wanted to add two schools, those two schools would have to bring enough money to the table (in the eyes of the television networks) to compensate having to split the check 12 ways instead of 10.\nPoint: Those schools no longer exist.\nAnd let\u2019s just say that hypothetically, somehow, the league adds two teams. I still don\u2019t see the Big 12 going back to an eight game league schedule. The Big Ten has what, 34 teams now (hyperbole alert)? They are going to start playing nine league games before too long. For what the networks are paying, they actually want good games now. Iowa State vs. North Dakota State doesn't draw ratings. Heck, the ACC is going to start playing non-conference games against each other (huh?).\nTimes, they are changing folks.\nBallSoHard4Cy writes: Does ISU have the pieces to win a national title next year in basketball? There will be some height this year as well as some (unproven) depth.\nCW: Title talk, huh?\n\u201cBallSoHard4Cy\u201d isn\u2019t kidding around today.\nSure. I guess they do. The reason I say that is I truly believe that college basketball\u2019s way of crowning a champion is one of the worst in sports when it comes to the best team actually winning the championship. I\u2019m not saying that I disapprove of the NCAA Tournament. Like everybody out there, I love the NCAA Tournament. But what it does is give a team like Iowa State, a good team that isn\u2019t as talented as say, Kansas, a legitimate shot to win it all based off of how brackets are set up and other factors as well.\nSo yes, the \u201cpieces\u201d are there. The pieces were there last year. Does Iowa State have as many pieces as probably 15 other teams in the country? Probably not. But that\u2019s the glory of this sport. It gives the hot team at the time a shot (UConn last year). That\u2019s really all that", "nd a slew of others. There is a feedback section in the options for iPhone BBM in case you spot anymore bugs and want to notify BlackBerry.\nThe update should be automatic, otherwise you can get it from the Apple app store here.", "What type of highlights did the stylist use for the client's relaxed hair", "What is the entry fee for adults at the Farnsworth Art Museum if they are not members", "Radio station license transfer approved\nThe approval of a federal license transfer appears to have finalized an agreement between Monroe Public Schools and local public television over the operation of a radio station.\nThe federal broadcast license for WYDM radio (97.5 FM) has been transferred from the district to Monroe Public Access Cable Television (MPACT). An agreement between the two had been reached last fall but it was subject to approval by the Federal Communications Commission.\nThe MPACT Board of Directors and the district's Board of Education recently passed formal approvals of the transfer.\nIncluded in the $25,000 transaction were the radio station transmitter and antenna and tower on which the antenna is located, as well as the license.\nAs part of the agreement, the radio station studios \u2013 which have occupied two rooms in the C Wing of Monroe High", "foster more open-ended investigations.Tauba Auerbach\nAny opinions, findings, conclusions, or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.\n\u00a9 2010 Exploratorium | The museum of science, art and human perception", "leased a new uniform design that includes a hijab. But the team faces an uphill challenge to assemble and train a team before this year's South Asian Football Federation Championships in India. Many potential players have fled Afghanistan and are living in Europe or North America as refugees, making connecting the dots that much more complicated.\nWe are honored to announce Soccer Without Borders as the new fiscal sponsor of the Afghanistan Women's National Team. For the last ten years, Soccer Without Borders has worked to build a more inclusive and equitable world through soccer. We hope that this partnership serves as a platform to advance their goals in the year ahead.", "What significant transformation did Palm Springs undergo in the mid-1920s", "What is the overall impression of the service provided by Molly's firm", "One year ago today, the Women's World Cup kicked off in Canada. Among the 24 teams were six that were brand new to the global stage, having battled their way out of their regional championships and qualifiers in the months before. Laying the foundation for women's soccer to get to that stage, however, is a long and complex process of mobilizing resources, cultivating and retaining talent, addressing barriers and stereotypes, building youth and adult systems, recruiting quality coaches, and much more. In Afghanistan, this process has more layers and more complexities than most.\nThe Afghanistan Women's National Team recently garnered attention after kit sponsor, hummel, re", "What features and collections are highlighted at the Farnsworth Art Museum", "Which Health Foods to Eat?\nCan Diet Really Improve Your Health?\nWhich health food to eat? What should my diet be? What is factual about healthy food?\nWhat is a diet exactly? The most popular diets show us quick ways to lose weight, because we are embarassed by the extra pounds around our tummies. How to lose weight is a primary objective for many people, but diet is not just about how we look, it\u2019s about our long term health. Can a diet of health foods improve our health, cure disease, take our pain away and make us feel young again?\n\u201cYou are what you eat\u201d is the title of a popular health book and there is much truth in the statement. Of course there is more than health food choice to human beings! However what we eat eventually sculpts us into archetypes that are easily recognised by dieticians.\nIt\u2019s not just what health food we eat either, but what we drink, what we inhale, how much we exercise, and any other influence from our specific environment that influence our body\u2019s functions, such as \u2013 sun, cold or stress.\nMany of these influences are accepted parts of how we choose to live, but many are also habits that if we had to make a logical choice on and given all the facts, we would change. At least we like to think that we would.\nThe real truth is that life goes on without much thought given to such choices, like our diet, until some health crisis suddenly brings it to our attention. We may have experienced discomfort and pain for years but assumed that it was part of growing older. Nor is a healthy diet a cure all for all people as there are genetic factors that can cause us ill health.\nSo although I woul", "What are some potential benefits of changing your hair color", "vealed as we ran more have added to the unsolved items, and have disrupted running, which is disappointing for our teams.\u201d\nPressed on what needs to be done now before Australia, White added: \u201cWe have a number of items to cover. We need to consolidate all of the lessons learned across all the teams. We need to review all the accumulated data and compare and contrast to get the best out of it so the starting point for all of the Renault-powered cars is as good as it can be.\n\u201cSecond, we must progress further on the torque delivery of the PU [Power Unit] felt by the drivers. This will include software and calibration work, with simulator and dyno and validation.\n\u201cThirdly there is the logistical challenge of getting the race Power Units built and shipped to Australia. That process is well under way and will be finished next week.\u201d\n\u201cMelbourne will be an anxious weekend!\u201d he concluded. \u201cConducting a normal race weekend, in which both cars run well during each session for every team, would be a great relief. I hope we can support our teams and drivers to explore the performance of the car and allow the race to deliver its sporting verdict.", "What event led to Darryl F. Zanuck acquiring Joseph Schenck's Palm Springs estate in the 1930s", "What common challenges do the characters in 'Save Me a Seat' and 'When Friendship Followed Me Home' face in their stories", "What was the nature of the recent federal license transfer involving WYDM radio", "d answer that diet can improve your health (immensely in some cases) and few dieticians would argue, it would be incorrect to say that health food alone can cure all illness.\nPerhaps losing weight will help, perhaps organic and biodynamic food will help, perhaps better choices of food, fresh vegetables and fruit rather than a predominance of grains, will improve our health. The information is out there, but only individual trial (and error) will show us what is healthy food for us.\nMy reason for writing this website is that my own health crisis has pushed me to research healthy food choices. I\u2019ve discovered that much of what I accepted to be generally true is far more complex than I expected, and often specifically false or distorted truth. Neither the old or new food pyramid is the best way to view a healthy diet. The issue of sugar and cholesterol is fraught with strong opposing information and marketing lies. The bulk of processed, packaged food is riddled with sugar, but fat free. The unknown other additives may be dangerous and it has few genuine nutrients unless they are added vitamins \u2013 but it tastes good and it\u2019s on the television!\nWhat health food to eat? Hmmm \u2013 Good question.\nSo this website is a way to keep track of the information, resources and websites that have helped me learn about my own health issues, especially so far as supplements and correct diet can help me to heal. And if you have similar problems, or even if not, I hope the information here will help you too.\n- Pass the glass: Fountain City man forsakes turkey for homemade juices (knoxnews.com)\n- Which diet is best for me? (zocdoc.com)", "Dear brothers and sisters, dear enemies and friends: it is okay to smile. Walpyrgus, the outstanding new(ish) project from members of Twisted Tower Dire, While Heaven Wept, and Daylight Dies that is more interested in heavy metal as an idea than heavy metal as a single sound, is here, I think, to make you smile. On their rambunctiously fun debut Walpyrgus Nights, the band seems to have crafted these tremendous songs such that, at least several times per song, the attentive listener will do just that.\nOn paper, the traddy power of Twisted Tower Dire, the extravagantly symphonic laments of While Heaven Wept, and the melodic doom/death of Daylight Dies are strange bedfellows. Does it help to hear that that\u2019s not even the half of it? If you tend to fall in the \u201cheavy metal = very serious business\u201d camp, you\u2019d better buckle up, because Walpyrgus Nights is probably the very first true heavy metal album that\u2019s also at least 50% a pop-punk album. Hi, hello, how are you; this is fine. But no, I\u2019m not joking. Walpyrgus frequently drops their guitars into power chords, their drums into punk beats, and their vocals into the sort of high-range, tight-harmonied, infectious melodicism that absolutely screams SoCal pop-punk. But the thing is, nothing sounds like a Fat-Wreck-Chords-covers-NWOBHM piss-take. Heavy metal is awesome. Punk rock is awesome. Pop music is awesome. Ain\u2019t no great mystery there.\nWalpyrgus also loves Iron Maiden (particularly the first three albums). And Rush. And the Misfits. Guess what? I love those things, too! That a band would aim to merge these disparate musical threads isn\u2019t exactly surprising; what is a bit startling is just how seamlessly the whole thing works. Of course, by making too much of the novelty present here, I\u2019m obscuring the real reason Walpyrgus Nights is such a ridiculous success: the songs. Track after track on this powerful, self-assured, and just plain fun debut will be stuck in your head almost immediately (and for days after \u2013 I actually had to take some time away from this record while working on this review because I simply could NOT get some of the songs out of my head).\nWalpyrgus Nights opens with two of its strongest tunes, the scene-setting \u201cDead of Night\u201d and the scene-stealing \u201cSomewhere under Summerwind.\u201d On the latter song, the vocal harmonies in the chorus are a dead ringer for Irish folk/heavy metallers Darkest", "What motivated the author to research healthy food choices", "BlackBerry is on their A game by pushing out updates for the recently released iPhone and Android BBM. BlackBerry has rolled yet another update to BBM for iPhone with version 18.104.22.168.\nThe update fixes the contacts crash a", "What temperature and for how long should you bake the muffin tins containing the egg mixture", "Goebel\u2019s lyricism is notable in \u201cRed Giant\u201d by Oatts, as is Davis\u2019s on soprano in Swallow\u2019s quirky \u201cOutfits.\u201d\nThe blend of the horns comes as close as anything I\u2019ve heard lately to the benchmark of unity established decades ago by Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie. Their merger is remarkable in Vol. 2 with Davis on tenor for a romp through Monk\u2019s \u201cTrinkle Tinkle\u201d and even more striking when he is playing soprano in unison with Titterington on Folmer\u2019s entrancing \u201cI Comme Icare.\u201d In the Monk tune, Goebel manages an amusing tip of the turban to Thelonious without resorting to imitation or parody. For this club date, Strait sent in a sub, Randy Rollofson, not a soloist of Strait\u2019s incisiveness or melodic bent but a fine time keeper with a penchant for strategically placed cymbal splashes behind the soloists. Captein, known to many for his recordings with the Jessica Williams Trio, combines compelling work in the rhythm section with post-Scott LaFaro facility and imagination as a soloist.\nYou Tube has several short video clips of PDXV, each featuring a member in a solo, but ony one complete performance. It is of Nicolas Folmer\u2019s \u201cIona.\u201d With three of his compositions on their two CDS, it is clear that the band has high regard for the young Frenchman\u2019s work. This was at the 2007 Cathedral Park Jazz Festival in Portland.\nPDXV will be in concert at The Seasons in my town next weekend, with singer Rebecca Kilgore making it a sextet for part of the evening. It\u2019s an intriguing combination; a vocalist admired for the purity of her interpretations of standard songs, and a hard-charging band of rebop adventurers. I\u2019ll let you know how it goes", "What musical elements are present in the songs from Walpyrgus Nights, including their styles and tones", "What are the two parts that Planning in Intelligent Systems is divided into, and what does each part focus on", "You need to be in a posture to generate the approach and be more than capable of talking with women that you don\u2019t possess plenty of prior history with. Compared to men, women possess a inclination to make your choice in line and they\u2019re sensitive. Meeting women in clubs can be hard.\nThe Fundamental Truth About The Way To Date\nSome men think it\u2019s cool to speak loud and be rude for their buddies, to become in a position to pull attention. Many time that they say they could earn for the lifetime and in addition have a bank balance but actually if it comes to the subject of spending they hate spending especially after becoming bonded into a relationship. Most men don\u2019t have any idea just how to talk and socialize with ladies.\nIt might be tricky to approach women. Therefore, in the event that you would like to understand just how to meet girls, then you would like to assertively and actively go after what you wish. It\u2019s rather straightforward to impress women provided that you do not look exactly as if you\u2019re wanting to impress them. Follow the hints above if you really have to understand just how exactly to discover this woman to like and stick to you personally. Quit waiting for the woman that is very ideal to arrive together, you have to be proactive and go out and find her.\nIf you seek the types of girls who you are most likely to link with without a lot of difficulty, your likelihood of succee", "ation of Assad losing support even from within his family,\" said Ayman Abdel Nour, head of the newly formed group Syrian Christians for Democracy.\nAnalysts say Assad is increasingly relying on the tight-knit circle surrounding him, which includes Maher, his only brother still alive and who commands the army's notorious Fourth Brigade.\nThe opposition in Syria has insisted on Assad's departure as a prerequisite for any negotiations to settle the 22-month conflict that has killed more than 60,000 people, according to United Nations figures.\nThe UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs director John Ging has been in Syria since Friday to assess humanitarian needs in the war-ravaged country.\nGing aims to assess how much humanitarian help is needed in Syria, where an estimated four million people, half of them displaced, are in need of emergency assistance.\nThe OCHA mission was received on Sunday by Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal Muqdad and then travelled to Homs, even as a watchdog reported regime air raids on besieged districts of the embattled city.\nIn Damascus province, a couple and their three children were among nine civilians killed in air strikes on a village, while three people including a child died in shelling northeast of the capital, said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.\nThe Britain-based watchdog also reported one man killed by a sniper amid artillery shelling and warplane raids on Daraya, a strategic town next to Al-Mazzeh military airport east of Damascus.\nPro-regime daily Al-Watan said \"terrorists on the outskirts of Daraya... have appealed for help after being hit very hard by the Syrian army, which destroyed several of the hideouts where they barricaded themselves.\"\nIt added the army would press on with a ground operation to \"root out the remaining terrorists\".", "What was the original intention of the founding members when they began singing together at Concordia College", "What factors, in addition to diet, influence our health according to the text", "What are the main improvements in the A-10 Thunderbolt II V2 compared to the previous version from 2017", "What strategies are suggested for attracting women and finding a compatible partner", "In the mid-1920s, Palm Springs transformed from a health resort destination to a residential community. It was about that time when Hollywood discovered that the desert city\u2019s proximity to Los Angeles and \u201canything goes\u201d atmosphere made it a great place to unwind. Film stars began flocking in numbers to Palm Springs in the 1", "his particular client has relaxed hair, so I decided highlights would work best for her. Highlights are a great way to add some color without damaging the hair too much. They are a better alternative than an all over color. I used honey colored highlights to brighten up her face and hairstyle. I also did the cut", "What event happened to Scott Dixon during lap 53 of the Indianapolis 500", "Stupidity is contagious. It gets us all from time to time. Even respectable companies can catch it. As I do every week, let's take a look at five dumb financial events this week that may make your head spin.\n1. Orcs on the loose\nShares of Activision Blizzard (NAS: ATVI) fell after the company revealed that the number of players for its World of Warcraft juggernaut slipped from 11.1 million to 10.3 million during its latest quarter.\nGee, I guess it's not just Netflix (NAS: NFLX) that lost a whopping 800,000 net accounts during the months of July, August, and September.\nIt's a tough break for Activision Blizzard, since the revelation came on the day that the video game giant posted better-than-expected quarterly results and released the highly anticipated Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3.\nBulls may argue that it's just a temporary blip, but massive multiplayer games don't just snap back into fancy. Diehard gamers appear to be heading elsewhere, and it's Activision Blizzard's hope that it can catch them somewhere else.\n2. One way to ice down a hot coffee drink\nGreen Mountain Coffee Roasters (NAS: GMCR) was roasted yesterday, after the company behind the Keurig single-cup brewing platform posted disappointing quarterly results. Even though the company expressed confidence during the call of its ability to predict demand, it did overestimate the number of K-Cups that were ultimately delivered during the period.\nIt's been several weeks since hedge fund guru David Einhorn blew holes in Green Mountain's bullish thesis, and Wednesday night's quarterly earnings call was the company's best shot at fighting back. It didn't, at least not effectively enough to ease investors' fears.\nGreen Mountain is now trading at just 17 times its guidance for its new fiscal year -- a sharp discount to slower-growing premium java companies -- but patent expirations and model sustainability are keeping multiple expansion in check.\n3. Click-and-mortar retail\nWal-Mart (NYS: WMT) is giving its online store a real-world boost.\nA pair of Walmart.com stores have opened in Southern California shopping malls for the holidays. That's not a typo. Walmart.com is now rubbing elbows with the mall rats.\nThe stores are microscopic compared to the cavernous Wal-Mart Supercenters you know all too well. One of the two locations is just 1,000 square feet. Through the end of next month, these two stores will sell small hot media items and gadgetry, but they also have a fleet of laptops for mall shoppers to use to browse through the discounter's virtual aisles.\nI think this is a brilliant move for Wal-Mart. This item winds up in the \"dumb\" list this week because I can't fathom what the mall owners were thinking. How can this not upset the more conventional tenants in these malls? They're not only competing against the everyday low prices of Wal-Mart, but now these stores are encouraging holiday shoppers to find better bargains online.\nMall Santa's not", "What activities will participants engage in during the collage making workshop that focus on media representations", "What materials is the construction of the Plug made from", "What are some of the research areas focused on at Drexel University's engineering department", "What happens to explorer.exe when trying to open a text file after a fresh install of Windows", "do not require turning the key, while individual condominium doors require the key to be turned to engage or disengage the deadbolt locking system. Just another feature to some, but hands-down the most important to those I spoke to within the building lately", "rom April to October as this is when temperatures are more temperate and rainfall is at its lowest.\nVisa Requirements for Visiting Kosovo With Djibouti Passport:\nIn this section we will discuss the requirements for a visa to visit Kosovo. However, before you get your heart set on visiting Kosovo it is important to know that there are numerous types of visas, each with specific specifications.\nWhen you are thinking about your trip to Kosovo There are many factors to think about, such as the requirements for visas to enter the country. While no two countries have exactly the same procedure but each country has their own set of rules to get visas. These requirements can assist you in deciding whether the excursion is worth the cost and effort.\nIf you are planning to visit any other country, the first thing to ensure that you have all the proper documentation in order to obtain an entry visa.\nTo apply for a visa, there are a variety of documents you must have like proof of employment or income. The requirements will differ based on the type of visa you are trying to apply for. So be sure to check before making any plans!\nVisa is required to enter this country.\nYou must apply for a visa before traveling to this country. There are various types of visas one can apply for, such as student visas, working visas, and touristic visas, which all fall into this category.\nNevertheless, remember that every category has a distinguished variety of requirements. Some visas are hard to get, whereas others are granted very easily. The same is why one needs to conduct thorough research before selecting the type of Visa they wish to obtain.\nTo acquire it, you must visit the embassy of the country you wish to travel to. You must submit all your legal documents and follow the guided procedure. Most of these visas are granted on a referral basis as well. However, it all depends upon the country.\nPlease check with the embassy of the country for the requirements and the application process.\nIn conclusion, it is important to understand how Kosovo visas function and how they affect your travel plans. While this article has provided an overview of the procedure, you should also contact the local consulate or the embassy to get more details on your specific situation.\nLast Updated: 16/09/202", "case for classical pianists and violinists, and subsequently appeared with major orchestras in Cleveland, Denver, Indianapolis and Pittsburgh. He capped off the year with his Nov. 14 debut with the New York Philharmonic at Carnegie Hall, which many years later would request that Cliburn play as a soloist for its 100th anniversary season in 1991.\nFollowing his Moscow triumph, Cliburn invited Kiril Kondrashin, the conductor with whom the pianist had played his prizewinning performances, from the Soviet Union to repeat the celebrated concert program with Cliburn at Carnegie Hall, the Academy of Music in Philadelphia, and in Washington, D.C. Their recording of Tchaikovsky\u2019s First Piano Concerto, released by RCA Victor, was the first classical recording ever to be certified Platinum, and has since sold more than three million copies.\nCliburn would go on to tour the Soviet Union several times between 1960 and 1972. In 1987, at the invitation of President Ronald Reagan, Cliburn performed a formal recital in the East Room of the White House during a state visit by Mikhail Gorbachev. Two years later, Cliburn returned to the Soviet Union to perform at the Great Hall of the Moscow Conservatory and in the Philharmonic Hall of Leningrad.\nAccording to the Van Cliburn Foundation, Van Cliburn performed for every U.S. president from Harry Truman to Barack Obama. He received Kennedy Center Honors in 2001, and was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2003 and the Russian Order of Friendship the following year, the highest civilian awards bestowed by the two countries.\nPresident Obama honored Cliburn with the National Medal of Arts in a ceremony at the White House in 2011.\nCliburn also opened many U.S. concert halls, including the I. M. Pei Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center in Dallas; Bass Performance Hall in Fort Worth; the Lied Center for the Performing Arts in Lincoln, Nebraska; and the Bob Hope Cultural Center in Palm Springs, Calif.\nMr. Cliburn was an honorary member of the Royal Academy of Music in London. He received more than 20 honorary doctorate degrees. He provided scholarships at many schools, including the Juilliard School, the Cincinnati Conservatory, Texas Christian University, Louisiana State University, the Franz Liszt Academy in Budapest, the St. Petersburg Conservatory, and the Moscow Conservatory.\nHe is survived by long-standing friend Thomas L. Smith.", "nd zone bowl of Jack Trice Stadium.\n- Non-season ticketholders,who are interested in purchasing new End Zone Club seats, can fill out an interest form (click here). Those fans, who submit an interest form, will be contacted in late summer/fall (2014) with more information on seating options.\nAll End Zone Club seats are based on availability. Seats will be allocated in order according to Cyclone Club donation level and a donor\u2019s priority points within that level.\nNickTheGreat writes: Who's the last one employed at ISU: Pollard, CPR or Fred?\nCW: Pollard. Coaches tend to come and go more often than administrators. Not that the other two aren't, but I think that Jamie is here for the long haul.\nCyclonespiker 33 writes: Which of Iowa State's players will be newcomer of the year next year?\nCW: That\u2019s easy. Abdel Nader will be that guy.\nIsuska writes: Will ISU have any First Team All-Big 12 players this year for football?\nCW: Yes. E.J. Bibbs as tight end as I really think that he will be spread out wide quite often, while still being labeled as a \u201ctight end.\u201d My guess is that his numbers will be as good, if not better than anyone else in the league.\nOther than that, if he stays healthy I think that Tom Farniok has a shot. Quenton Bundrage has an extreme outside chance and maybe Cory Morrissey, but I doubt Iowa State's defense will be good enough to sustain an first team all-league player. Bibbs is your best bet.\nCdekovic writes: How is the replacement for Doc Sadler coming along? I see Rick Stansbury is assisting at T A&M. Might have been a good get.\nCW: I'm sticking with what I reported the morning after Doc Sadler left for Southern Miss. I believe that Charlie Henry will be named as Hoiberg's next assistant coach at Iowa State. I've heard nothing to make me think any differently over the last couple of weeks.\nCyclones500 writes: If you were coach, who would you choose as starting 5 to begin the 2014-15 season? (Prior to McKay eligibility). Who will Fred choose (if that differs from your opinion)?\nCW: My projection looks like this:\nG: Monte Morris\nG: Bryce Dejean-Jones\nF: Abdel Nader\nF: Dustin Hogue\nF: Georges Niang\nI am pretty confident with that prediction too.\n00Clone writes: So....picking TCU to win the Big 12 again this year?\nCW: Nope. I'm taking the Clones. What up now, wise guy?\nCmjh10 writes: Who is they key player to ISU success next year in football?\nCW: Whoever wins the quarterback job, so my guess is Grant Rohach.\nDaserop writes: If you could interview any sports athlete who would it be and why?\nCW: Perhaps a top-five question in Cyclone Fanatic Mailbag history. Good one, my friend.\nThere are so many routes that I could go here. Obviously, I could choose one of my favorite athletes of all-time. Guys like Chipper Jones (just a good ole country boy), and Jared Allen (guy always keeps it real) immediately pop into my head.\nHow cool would it be to have a long, sit-down conversation with Mr. \u201cStraight Cash Homey,\u201d Randy Moss?\nBut I only get to pick one? Let\u2019s do Mike Tyson. For real, the guy is 100 percent uncensored all of the time. He\u2019s obviously a little cray-cray. Facial tattoos and overall outrageous behavior aren\u2019t the reason I\u2019m going this route though. It\u2019s because in a weird way, I place Tyson in the same type of category as Tiger Woods in golf. When Woods is playing in a tournament, people watch, right? Just look at the ratings from the Masters earlier this spring in which he was out with an injury.\nBack in the day, during his prime or after, if Tyson was boxing, people watched! His character made that sport relevant which it clearly has not been for a long time.\nOut of all the sports athletes you have interviewed, which provided the most enjoyable interview and why?\nCW: From covering Iowa State athletics, it is hands down Bill Fennelly. I\u2019ve yet to interview a coach or athlete in this business who gives more genuine and thoughtful answers than Iowa State\u2019s women\u2019s basketball coach.\nOn a national stage, I really enjoyed interviewing former Indy 500 winner Sam Hornish Jr. recently. His story is very compelling. Here\u2019s a guy who went from being on top of the world in IndyCar, got knocked down to the bottom of the hill in NASCAR and is still fighting and clawing his way back to the top. The guy could blink and have a top ride in IndyCar where he\u2019d be able to run for championships but he\u2019d rather prove to himself that he can be successful in the Sprint Cup Series. I\u2019ve got a lot of respect for a guy like that.\nAngryPanda writes: What was more disappointing, the Vikings not taking Johnny football or Busch Signature Copper?\nCW: You see this question confuses me. Is this an implication from THE AngryPanda that Busch Signature Copper sucks?\nHere\u2019s the deal. Do I sit around my house sipping on Busch Copper? No (although I did attempt to choke down a six-pack during the Daytona 500 in February) but like any beer, Busch Copper certainly has its place in this world. Camping on a brisk night? This stuff hits the spot, my man. At least, it has for me the two times I\u2019ve been out this year. Because of this, I don\u2019t consider Busch Copper to be a disappointment. It is what it is. It\u2019s Busch attempting to get into the craft beer world. We all knew that this would fail, didn\u2019t we? People don\u2019t drink Busch because the sophistication of it. They drink Busch because it is awesome and cheap. Drinking a cold Busch Light, to me, is like flipping the bird to \"the man\" who has tried to keep the little guy down for all of these years. (Is anybody else out there feeling me or am I getting crickets in the background?)\nSo to answer your question, the Vikings FAILING to draft Johnny (freaking) Football was the bigger disappointment. My wife actually left my man cave during the draft because I was quote, \u201cacting like a child,\u201d when the Vikes passed on Johnny Franchise. When the Browns out-bid the Vikings to trade up for Johnny Purple, I then got a seat assignment on our couch for the rest of the night.\nISUCubswin writes: I hate Evolution (mostly because I'm supposed to) and love their rivals, the Shield (mostly because I'm supposed to). If Evolutions motto, \"Adapt or Perish,\" relates to our football program, what does the Shields motto, \"Justice Isn't Free,\" relate to?\nCW: It isn\u2019t a CF Mailbag without at least one WWE related question. Well done, ISUCubsWin. Way to carry the torch, brother.\nFor the record, I love Evolution and The Shield bores me. I like stables. No, I love them. But three guys running around dressed in black using dorky gimmicks like \u201cjustice isn\u2019t free\u201d and their goal being to \u201cuphold the integrity of the WWE,\u201d just isn\u2019t my thing. (Full disclosure: I usually cheer for heels so yes, I am \u201cthat guy.\u201d)\nTo your question, how does \u201cJustice Isn\u2019t Free\u201d relate to Iowa State athletics?\nI honestly have no clue. I\u2019ve been debating this in my mind for a while now and am drawing a complete blank. Anything I could write would be a reach. Thing is, when I wrote that \u201cAdapt or Perish\u201d column, it wasn\u2019t something that I tried to create. I really was watching RAW one night, heard HHH talking and it made me think of Iowa State football. The whole thing was pretty organic. To give you an answer right now would be fabricated, which I\u2019m not very good at. So I\u2019m taking a rare pass but to reserve the right to come back to this question in a podcast in the future. Cool?\nCYCLNST8 writes: ZERO picks in the draft. Will Charlie Strong return Texas to dominance? How soon?\nCW: I really, really, really like Charlie Strong. However, the pressure of a job like Texas does scare me a little bit for a guy with his personality.\nPrediction: Texas will improve greatly under Strong but not back to the level at which those folks believe it should be. Strong will get them to 9-3 consistently within two to three years and will then be fired for Nick Saban. Strong only has a five-year deal. Saban is the next head coach at Texas in four to five years (as it was CLOSE to happening this past offs", "PDXV, Vol. 1 and Vol. 2 (Heavywood).\nFive years ago, Trumpeter Dick Titterington brought together for one engagement saxophonist Rob Davis, pianist Greg Goebel, bassist Dave Captein and drummer Todd Strait. They discovered that their combination worked and decided to keep it going. For their name, the quintet added the Roman numeral V to the FAA acronym for the airport in Portland, Oregon, their home base. PDXV quickly developed cohesiveness, stylistic range and an identifiable sound that make them more than just another hard bop quintet. They center their repertoire in pieces by mainstream icons including Thelonious Monk, Joe Henderson, Harold Land and Kenny Dorham. In these two albums they leaven their post-bop traditionalism with tunes from modernists Gary Dial, Steve Swallow, Tom Harrell, Dick Oatts, Fred Hersch, Stanley Clarke and the French trumpeter Nicolas Folmer.\nAll of the members are strong soloists, as they demonstrate from the outset. Vol. 1, a concert recording, opens with Land\u2019s 1972 composition \u201cStep Right Up to the Bottom,\u201d a kaleidoscope of chord changes, time shifts and variations in dynamics that launch Davis into a gutsy, compact tenor solo. He establishes an improvisational line of inquiry picked up by Titterington and continued in solos by Goebel, Captein and Strait. It is a good introduction to the group and a demonstration of the like-mindedness that gives PDXV its solidarity. Their flawless execution of Land\u2019s challenging material at a metronome pace of 200 leaves no doubt about the players\u2019 chops. Virtuosity is an important part of the package, but dazzle does not seem to be their goal. Titterington\u2019s and", "930s, especially after movie mogul Darryl F. Zanuck won a poker game against fellow studio executive Joseph Schenck. The prize? Schenck\u2019s Palm Springs estate in what would soon become known as The Movie Colony. Centrally located, just a stroll to Downtown and Uptown.\nSorry we are experiencing system issues. Please try again.", "by what we see and read in the media? Join us for this collage making workshop in partnership with the feminist library. Drawing ideas from the feminist library materials and other texts, we will look at examples of representations in the media such as gender and race to discuss how they impact us, and the particular ideology and perspectives that feed them. After, we will cut up recent magazines and newspapers to make collages and create our own messages that subvert media representations", "What are the visa requirements for Djibouti citizens planning to visit Kosovo", "Van Cliburn, whose legacy as a 20th century classical pianist is matched only by such figures Vladimir Horowitz and Glenn Gould, died at age 78 in his home in Fort Worth, Texas on Wednesday. Cause of death was bone cancer, a condition revealed by his publicist in August.\nThe Shreveport, Louisiana native, whose thick mane of wavy blonde hair and leading-man looks made him a figure straight out of Central Casting, achieved worldwide recognition in 1958 at age 23 when he won the gold medal at the International Tchaikovsky Competition in Moscow, an event meant to demonstrate Soviet cultural superiority. The triumph was hailed as the first significant thaw of the Cold War and led to a ticker-tape parade in New York and the cover of Time magazine, which proclaimed him \u201cThe Texan Who Conquered Russia.\u201d\n\u201cVan was a treasured member of the Fort Worth community who belonged to the world,\u201d said Carla Kemp Thompson, chair of the Van Cliburn Foundation, in a statement. \u201cHis legacy is one of being a great humanitarian, a great musician, a great colleague and a great friend to all who knew and loved him. Van is iconic, and we at the Van Cliburn Foundation join the international community in mourning the loss of a true giant.\u201d\nCliburn, a two-time Grammy winner and Recording Academy Lifetime Achievement Award recipient, was described in a statement by Recording Academy president/CEO Neil Portnow as \u201can ambassador for the arts\u201d who transcended \u201ccultural barriers and politics through the power of his music. His legacy will continue to have a great impact not only on classical music, but on our culture as well.\u201d\nThe Van Cliburn International Piano Competition, begun in 1962 and held every four years, is considered the benchmark for emerging classical pianists. The fourteenth edition was held May 24 -June 9 at Fort Worth\u2019s Bass Performance Hall.\nCliburn was born as Harvey Lavan \u201cVan\u201d Cliburn, Jr. He began piano lessons at age 3 with his mother, Rildia Bee O\u2019Bryan Cliburn, a student of Arthur Friedheim, who studied under Franz Liszt. At age 12, Cliburn made his debut with the Houston Symphony Orchestra. After graduating from Kilgore High School in the spring of 1951, we went on to study with Madame Rosina Lhevinne at Juilliard in New York City.\nBarely in his 20s, Cliburn experienced a pivotal year in 1954 when he won the Levintritt Competition, a highly prestigious international show", "What distinguishes the locking system of individual condominium doors from other locking systems mentioned", "What event at age 23 launched Van Cliburn to worldwide recognition", "Renault: Melbourne will be an anxious weekend\n3 March 2014 \u2013 Renault Sport F1's Rob White has conceded the 2014 F1 season opener in Australia will be an 'anxious' weekend for the French manufacturer.\nRenault has struggled in pre-season testing with Red Bull Racing and Lotus both failing to do more than 200 laps during the third test at the Bahrain International Circuit. Indeed the reigning Champions did just 182 tours over the four days in Sakhir, while the men from Enstone did a measly 127.\n\u201cThe aim of the last test session before Australia was to recover some of the lost ground from the previous test sessions and to rehearse the Grand Prix. We can\u2019t escape the fact though that we did not complete the entire programme with all the teams and that some Melbourne preparations are incomplete,\u201d White stated.\n\u201cOn the up-side, however, we have done some of everything, with simulations of qualifying sessions, starts, race distances and long stints and it is fair to say that once again we have made some real progress,\u201d he added. \u201cWe have cured or found workarounds for some of the problems we had previously identified. [But] new problems re", "What was Tabitha's initial impression of Paris before her visit, and how did it change after she spent time there", "What factors should one consider before applying for a visa to visit Kosovo", "What are some of the musical influences and styles that Walpyrgus incorporates into their album 'Walpyrgus Nights'", "going to be happy.\n4. Primo and proper\nInvestors expecting a big holiday bang out of Primo Water's (NAS: PRMW) new Flavorstation line of home-based soda makers and flavors will have to wait.\nPrimo is now expecting just $1 million to $2 million in Flavorstation-related sales this quarter. Its inability to land material retail distribution outside of 500 home improvement stores and an ill-timed delay to reformulate its soda flavors will cost it the critical 2011 holiday shopping season.\nThis doesn't mean that Primo's flagship water business isn't doing well. Selling exchangeable three- and five-gallon bottles of drinking water has been a booming business for the company. However, the home-based pop play is off the table -- for now.\n5. Flash flood\nAdobe (NAS: ADBE) shares took a hit after the company announced a corporate restructuring, but the biggest news out of the strategic shift is that Adobe will no longer support its Flash video platform for mobile devices.\nToo many tech tastemakers are embracing the Flash-less HTML5 as the new online standard. This is naturally welcome news for Apple (NAS: AAPL) , which has never supported Flash for its iOS devices. In fact, Android tablets and smartphones have tried to differentiate themselves from Apple's gadgetry by promoting Flash support.\nWell, those marketing teams will now need to find a new angle.\nIf you want to track these companies to make sure that they don't make another dumb mistake soon, consider adding them to My Watchlist.\nAddWal-Mart Storesto My Watchlist.\nAddPrimo Waterto My Watchlist.\nAddGreen Mountain Coffee Roastersto My Watchlist.\nAddActivision Blizzardto My Watchlist.\nAddAdobe Systemsto My Watchlist.\nAt the time thisarticle was published The Motley Fool owns shares of Apple, Activision Blizzard, and Wal-Mart Stores. The Fool owns shares of and has written calls on Activision Blizzard.Motley Fool newsletter serviceshave recommended buying shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Adobe Systems, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, Netflix, Apple, and Activision Blizzard.Motley Fool newsletter serviceshave recommended creating a lurking gator position in Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, a diagonal call position in Adobe Systems, a bull call spread position in Apple, a diagonal call position in Wal-Mart Stores, and a synthetic long position in Activision Blizzard. Try any of our Foolish newsletter servicesfree for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe thatconsidering a diverse range of insightsmakes us better investors. The Motley Fool has adisclosure policy.Longtime Fool contributor Rick Munarriz calls them as he sees them. He does not own shares in any of the stocks in this story, except for Netflix. Rick is also part of theRule Breakersnewsletter research team, seeking out tomorrow's ultimate growth stocks a day early.\nCopyright \u00a9 1995 - 2011 The Motley Fool, LLC. All rights reserved. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy", "Six Appeal is a world class vocal ensemble infused with impeccable comedic timing and the energy and vitality of a rock band. Swearing off instruments, the award-winning vocal band Six Appeal takes you on a journey that spans decades of music, performing classic oldies, current chart toppers, and catchy original tunes \u2013 all sung a cappella. Featuring vocal dexterity and adventurous song selection, this remarkably talented sextet of young singers navigates multiple genres of music with a wonderfully eclectic repertoire that is guaranteed to captivate and entertain audiences of all ages.\nDespite their cheeky group name, the antics of these six young gentlemen provide a good natured atmosphere for their electrifying performance. A Six Appeal show will split your sides, feed your musical sweet tooth, and leave you wondering how in the world they pulled it off just with voices. In the spring of 2012 Six Appeal acquired the title of National Champion at the National Harmony Sweepstakes A Cappella Festival in San Rafael, CA. In addition to their 1st place win, they also won the award for Best Original Song as well as the coveted Audience Favorite award. I Spring of 2018 the group added to their ever growing list of accolades by being crowned World Champions, beating out 183 of the other top a cappella groups in the world to take home the grand prize of $100,00(US).\nWith members formally instructed in singing, music education, composition, and over 70 combined years of musical training and experience, Six Appeal brings a diverse arsenal of style and entertainment to the stage. In addition to", "performance, Six Appeal has a passion for spreading their knowledge of a cappella music to every audience, and an essential aspect of their mission is to empower young singers in their educational outreach program. What makes these Six stand out from the crowd? Their Appeal.\nABOUT / HISTORY\nSix Appeal began as a collegiate hobby. In 2006, the founding members decided to start singing together at Concordia College in Moorhead, Minnesota. It was a diversion from studies, fun with friends, and yes, maybe a way to break the ice with girls. Starting with a strong choral background and classical roots, they expanded their repertoire to the music of today, breaking new grounds with original arrangements of hit songs spanning the decades. Within three years, those former college freshmen were performing concerts around campus, winning a cappella competitions, and touring around the Midwest. By their senior year, they realized that when you have a good thing going with your best friends, you stick with it. In 2010, Six Appeal moved their home base to Minneapolis in order to turn hobby into passion. They began touring the country, delivering electrifying performances and teaching a new generation about a cappella with their curriculum-based Educational Experience. The Six Appeal roster now includes musicians from all walks of life, yet the young men continue to make friends and find fans where ever they travel. The group is very proud of their aforementioned unparalelled success in winning both the 2012 National Harmony Sweepstakes and the 2018 Moscow International Championship of A Cappella.", "Home | Artists in residence\nThe Geometry Playground team recruited three independent artists for residencies at the Exploratorium. Each artist collaborated with us to develop an exhibit for Geometry Playground.\nThe Exploratorium has been hosting artist residencies since 1974 to augment its exhibitions and to", "Rights Contact Login For More Details\nMore About This Title Planning in Intelligent Systems\nThis text begins with the principle that the ability to anticipate and plan is an essential feature of intelligent systems, whether human or machine. It further assumes that better planning results in greater achievements. With these principles as a foundation, Planning in Intelligent Systems provides readers with the tools needed to better understand the process of planning and to become better planners themselves.\nThe text is divided into two parts:\n* Part One, \"Theoretical,\" discusses the predominant schools of thought in planning: psychology and cognitive science, organizational science, computer science, mathematics, artificial intelligence, and systems theory. In particular, the book examines commonalities and differences among the goals, methods, and techniques of these various approaches to planning. The result is a better understanding of the process of planning through the cross-fertilization of ideas. Each chapter contains a short introduction that sets forth the interrelationships of that chapter to the main ideas featured in the other chapters.\n* Part Two, \"Practical,\" features six chapters that center on a case study of The Netherlands Railways. Readers learn to apply theory to a real-world situation and discoverhow expanding their repertoire of planning methods can help solve seemingly intractable problems.\nAll chapters have been contributed by leading experts in the various schools of planning and carefully edited to ensure a consistent high standard throughout.\nThis book is designed to not only expand the range of planning tools used, but also to enable readers to use them more effectively. It challenges readers to look at new approaches and learn from new schools of thought. Planning in Intelligent Systems delivers effective planning approaches for researchers, professors, students, and practitioners in artificial intelligence, computer science, cognitive psychology, and mathematics, as well as industry planners and managers.\nREN\u00c9 J. JORNA, PhD, is Professor of Knowledge Management and Cognition, Faculty of Management and Organization, University of Groningen, The Netherlands. His research activities focus on knowledge representation, planning and scheduling, semiotics, knowledge management, and sustainable innovation.\nALEXANDER M. MEYSTEL, PhD, is Professor in the College of", "School \u2013 will be moved to the MPACT studios on the second floor of the Benesh Building on S. Monroe St. The antenna, tower and transmitter will remain at Monroe High School and MPACT will assume responsibility for maintenance and upkeep. Monroe Public Schools will keep its radio repeater for bus and other district radio traffic on the antenna free of charge.\nNo decision has been made when the equipment will be moved out of high school and broadcast operations will shift to the MPACT location, but it is anticipated that there will be little or no interruption in programming.\nMPACT does not intend any significant programming changes as a result of the sale. However, now it will be able to carry the broadcast audio feeds for more of its cable programs and offer time slots to local individuals for programming, similar to what it does now for cable TV programming", "Who did the author honor in the Memorial Day Mailbag and what was their relationship", "E IS PER CAR KIT, NOT per bush. Powerflex usually price their bushes singly, but we have combined the QTY and price to keep it simple for you!\nSelect option at checkout\nO% APR Representative example. Credit subject to status and minimum order value.", "What awards did Six Appeal win at the National Harmony Sweepstakes A Cappella Festival in 2012", "Fondue. Beautiful views. Cowbells. And The Cambrian.\nI think The Cambrian will always have a special place in our hearts after the week we spent exploring the village that holds it and the trails that surround it, and taking in our little corner of Switzerland. They wanted us to convey our first impressions of Adelboden and the hotel, and this was easy to do. We just explored, camera at the ready, Hi-Tec jackets/shoes on and Matador gear in tow.\nAdelboden is in a beautiful Bernese-Oberland valley, southwest of the popular Interlaken and Grindelwald. There are gondolas that take you to the higher elevations surrounding it, including the Engstligenalp and the top of the beautiful waterfall at the edge of the valley. Michael is a videographer. A creator. This means when he creates, he sometimes forgets I'm a small human. So two days in a row, when we find a beautiful alp to explore, we miss the last Gondola ride of the day back down. Since we're waiting for perfect light, because the day we spent hiking around the alp was too bright, by the time we start our hikes down these mountainsides, it's well on it's way to dark. And it gets cold, fast. But the footage and shots we took made the treks downhill chasing the last bit of daylight worth it. And we didn't feel obligated to find a gym like we do at our other stops.", "The most beautiful warthog in the world.\nThe A-10 Thunderbolt II V2 from FMS is the successor to the popular A-10 from 2017. The \u201cwarthog\u201d is characterized by its numerous Scale\nBetter The features that already made the V1 version so have been maintained. The V2 version comes now with improved servos for more precision, more powerful controllers with BEC, an improved chassis and many more small but fine improvements. Feel the difference! With the Further development of the A-10 no detail was overlooked.\nPropulsion The twin-jet jet is driven by two efficient 12-blade impellers with high performance internal brushless sliders and two 80A controllers with integrated BEC.\nConstruction in PNP The Jet model is made of extra strong and especially light EPO hard foam material. The complete electronics such as motor, impeller, controller, servos and the electric retractable undercarriage are already installed in the model. The battery is clean, the receiver is clean, and the A-10 V2 from FMS is ready \u2013 ready to put a big grin on your face.\nScale The \u201cwarthog\u201d is a real eye-catcher \u2013 not only the original flight picture impresses, but also the numerous small details on the model. Removable bombs- and rocket dummies, replicated rivet courses, a painted pilot figure, an authentic paintwork and the electrical The retractable undercarriage makes the A-10 a feast for the eyes. Scale fans.\nMounting During the mounting of the surfaces, thanks to the system, no more cables have to be plugged in \u2013 the contacts are automatically activated during the joining process by t", "We have a highly-skilled technical resource pool to meet your project needs. Be it Cloud, Computing, App Development, Technical Project Management, or development of E-Commerce portal. We support end-to-end.\nA very precise and meaningful proposal writing is a skill. We write impactful proposals with a very simplified flow and take care of all the legalities to protect the interests of our customer", "Where will the school move to, and who will be responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the antenna and transmitter", "What are three key priorities identified by White to prepare for the race in Australia", "What essential qualities contribute to the hospitable experience at Shoal Bay Villas", "YOU said it!\nA brief survey of residents indicates the most popular thing about living at Riverport is the electronic lock entry system. It helps to ensure the security and safety of everyone in the building, when used properly. Remember that the common doors", "Posted by Tabitha Yeasley\nOctober 14th, 2016\nBefore I get to the main point of this entry, let me quickly recap our travels so far. From London we took the Eurostar to Paris, where we spent a few days filming and seeing the sites. I didn't expect much from Paris, I always thought it was overrated. But I was wrong. We completed our first video for Hi-Tec, and I fell a little in love with the City of Love at the same time. A brightly lit Eiffel Tower under the warm Autumn night sky is truly a site to see. The people were friendly. The metro was easy. Oh, and there was cheap wine, bread and cheese for days. Need I say more?\nFrom Paris we took another train to Lyon, France, where we stayed in an AirBnB that had terrible wifi, so we spent our time working at a bakery (mmm more bread). We also picked up our Peugeot and have loved the freedom of traveling by car. Lyon had an adorable old town and a beautiful basilica, but was just as challenging as it was charming for us. Michael had the idea to look for resorts in the Alps, our next stop, that might want to exchange video content for a free stay. I emailed a few that afternoon, and much to my disbelief, the first one I reached out to said yes! So we packed up and headed to Adelboden, Switzerland.\nWhich brings me to my main point of this. The Swiss Alps. Mountain air."]}