{"q_indices": [12, 24, 11, 30, 60, 98, 17, 106, 9, 8, 101, 51, 16, 79, 120, 103, 93, 47, 32, 22, 19, 97, 25, 2, 126, 69, 113, 54, 80, 35, 44, 108, 28, 99, 48, 21, 33, 65, 89, 58, 123, 20, 57, 67, 75, 15, 3, 10, 14, 40, 37, 70, 5, 86, 118, 71, 6, 102, 31, 81, 36, 39, 68, 45], "a_indices": [84, 18, 88, 92, 1, 76, 42, 111, 64, 85, 56, 100, 82, 121, 49, 78, 122, 112, 110, 95, 66, 52, 27, 29, 46, 74, 96, 73, 41, 127, 107, 43, 38, 7, 94, 0, 114, 87, 105, 13, 91, 124, 77, 59, 62, 63, 109, 61, 115, 104, 50, 26, 34, 53, 4, 23, 83, 90, 125, 119, 116, 117, 55, 72], "texts": ["and pain associated with it. Trenal has the same effects but the effects are generally experienced on a lower scale.\nIn some cases surgery may become a necesssary option, especially if intermittent claudication is present. Angioplasty is a procedure where a catheter is threaded through a blood vessel to the affected artery. The ballon is inflated to flatten the blockage in the vessel wall and it stretches the wall. Bypass surgery is another option that uses a vessel from another part of your body creating a \"synthetic fabric\" so this allows blood flow around blocked or narrowed artery. Thrombolytic therapy injects a clot-dissolving drug into your artery at the point of the clot to break it up.\n- Painful cramping in hip, thigh, or calf muscles after activity, like walking or climbing stairs\n- Leg numbness of weakness\n- Coldness in lower leg or foot\n- Sores on toes, feet, or legs that won't heal\n- Change in color of legs\n- Hair loss or slower hair growth on feet and legs\n- Slower growth of toenails\n- Shiny skin on legs\n- No pulse or weak pulse in legs or feet\n- Erectile dysfunction in men\nComplications that can occur due to peripheral vascular disease include: critical limb ischemia is where open sore do not heal on the legs or feet. This also includes injuries or infection of the affecting limb. It occurs when injuries of infections continue to progress and can lead to amputation. Peripheral vascular disease can also lead to a stroke or a heart attack due to the build up of deposits in arteries that supply blood to the heart and brain.\n- Bell, D. (2013). Peripheral Arterial Disease Overview. Podiatry Management, 32(1), 175-182 8p.\n- Peripheral artery disease (PAD). (n.d.). Retrieved December 5, 2015, from http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/peripheral-artery-disease/basics/symptoms/con-20028731\n- Shrikhande, Gautam V,McKinsey, James.Diabetes and peripheral vascular disease: Diagnosis and management. New York: Springer.", "Standing 5,267 feet above sea level, I felt unstoppable.\nMy friends and I had just climbed to the summit of the highest mountain in Maine, Mount Katahdin. The hike took an entirety of 12 hours and had tested not only our physical strength, but also our ability to maintain mental focus and drive.\nThe five of us had traveled over 10 hours from New York to accomplish this feat and well, I couldn\u2019t have been more proud.\nGabriel, Jose, Joanna, Michael (my boyfriend) and I trekked down the mountain smiling from ear to ear. We were full of life and adrenaline. Although almost complete strangers before the hike, we continued to encourage each other to keep going and stayed together throughout the entire climb. At the end, we even jumped into an ice cold pool by the waterfall at the base of the mountain. The energy was so magical; it all seemed like a dream.\nOn such a beautiful day, I could have never expected what would happen next to be so tragic.\nFrom trekking to tragedy\nAfter a lovely lobster dinner, we agreed to take turns on the drive back home to New York. The first driver, Jose, seemed tired but said he was able. The rest of us were so wiped from the hike, we didn\u2019t question him. All of us fell asleep in a matter of minutes\u2026 including the driver.\nWhen I next opened my eyes, I awoke to screaming and the car spinning 360 degrees. I felt the car swerve and felt what came next: crash, bang, pain.\n\u201cWhen I next opened my eyes, I awoke to screaming and the car spinning 360 degrees. I felt the car swerve and felt what came next: crash, bang, pain.\u201d\nThe airbags exploded as the car rolled over three times off the highway. My head spun. Glass was everywhere and I couldn\u2019t feel the right side of my body.\nMy boyfriend, doubled over in the front passenger seat, screamed: \u201cI CAN\u2019T BREATH! I CAN\u2019T BREATH!\u201d\nWhen my vision cleared, I saw his entire lower body stuck in a ball of mud that had entered through the car window. I thought it was over.\nI thought I was dead.\nGabriel called 911 for an ambulance. Jose was doing jumping jacks on the highway trying to call for help. Joanna shook in fear right next to me, and Michael was stuck in a ball of tree roots and mud that had entered the car through the window.\n\u201cI wanted to yell, but I didn\u2019t have the energy. I kept thinking about my mom.\u201d\nI reached with my left hand to dig dirt out as Michael pulled his legs free from mud. I felt my vision fading from the pain in my chest as Joanna told me to stay conscious. I wanted to yell, but I didn\u2019t have the energy. I kept thinking about my mom.\nWhen the ambulance came, I felt the paramedic pull my bod", "What factors contribute to postpartum health care for women who experienced hypertensive disorders during pregnancy", "What type of property is located at 1836 Morton Street New Castle, IN 47362", "December 19, 2014 / Week N\u00b0 51\nOctober 10th, 2014\nWith a Chinese market opening on the cards, good weather has fared very well for Uruguay\u2019s blueberry producers.\nAugust 4th, 2014\nThe Uruguayan citrus sector is delighted with progress being made gaining access to critical world markets.\nApril 25th, 2014\nSouthern Hemisphere lemon exports are expected to fall this year, contrasted by a rise in easy peelers and a fairly stable situation for orange volume.\nApril 15th, 2014\nA Uruguayan minister has released figures for the amount of citrus to be squeezed into the U.S. market this year.\nMarch 14th, 2014\nCold treatment requirements have complicated Uruguayan citrus shipments to China.\nFebruary 12th, 2014\nThe Uruguayan citrus industry expects a larger crop this year, but it will have to deal with higher tariffs in Europe.\nDecember 27th, 2013\nA recent Uruguayan report sheds light on the citrus industry\u2019s trajectory of recent years.\nDecember 16th, 2013\nAmerican Airlines\u2019 Carmen Taylor discusses new produce flight routes and the investment needed to keep perishables in top condition.\nOctober 15th, 2013\nFive Uruguayan companies are preparing the country\u2019s first Valencia orange shipments to the U.S.\nOctober 3rd, 2013\nLow temperatures have led to lower expectations for the Uruguayan export blueberry crop this season.\nSeptember 24th, 2013\nUruguay is set to send its first orange shipments to the U.S. during the first half of October.\nSeptember 12th, 2013\nSpain\u2019s lemon industry expects a good season despite intensified competition from Turkey.\nAugust 13th, 2013\nOffering greater stability to South American blueberry growers is essential for Angus Soft Fruits\u2019 Nicolas Sotomayor.\nAugust 6th, 2013\nUruguay\u2019s latest citrus survey shows growers\u2019 planting intentions to adapt to a new market scenario that now includes U.S. access.\nJuly 17th, 2013\nSevere weather has dealt a blow to Uruguay\u2019s citrus production, taking a toll on all major crops.\nJuly 11th, 2013\nAfter three years of work, Uruguayan citrus has been approved for sales in the United States.\nJune 20th, 2013\nArgentine and Uruguayan blueberry exporters look set to have improved methyl bromide treatment processes for the U.S.\nJune 6th, 2013\nThe eurozone crisis is leading Uruguayan citrus exporters to seek opportunities elsewhere, according to one consultant.\nMay 3rd, 2013\nThe Uruguayan government is actively seeking investment and entrepreneurship in water to boost agriculture.\nApril 25th, 2013\nBlueberry representatives from Argentina and Uruguay reflect on rising production costs and declining orchard space.\nMarch 14th, 2013\nUruguay has its focus on perfecting its national product brand \u201cUruguay Natural\u201d.\nMarch 1st, 2013\nUruguay ranked highly for Latin American citrus exports last year.\nFebruary 28th, 2013\nSouthern Hemisphere fruit exporters urged shipping lines to reconsider steep rate increases that could damage competitiveness.\nFebruary 12th, 2013\nU.S. market access will hopefully help Uruguay overcome its tariff \u201chandicap\u201d in the European Union.\nFebruary 6th, 2013\nApproval of Uruguayan citrus is entering its final stages in the U.S. and open to public comment.\nJanuary 18th, 2013\nAfter a decade of negotiations, Uruguayan citrus could soon be on its way to U.S. consumers.\nOctober 11th, 2012\nDriscoll\u2019s CEO J. Miles Reiter says different berries have supported each other in the category\u2019s growth.\nSeptember 20th, 2012\nThe departure of some growers and varieties will mean a lower blueberry crop for Uruguay this season.\nAugust 20th, 2012\nUruguay\u2019s apple yields have hit a 10-year low but pears have fared better.\nAugust 17th, 2012\nWe provide a synopsis of how El Ni\u00f1o is set to impact Latin American fruit growing countries.\nAugust 15th, 2012\nThe ClemenGold brand of Nardorcott mandarins is making its presence felt in Europe with a marketing blitz.\nAugust 7th, 2012\nUruguayan authorities are in the final stages of preparing an assistance package for growers affected by frosts.\nAugust 1st, 2012\nUruguay\u2019s biggest citrus company looks ba", "Is the conversation about automatic work on an iPhone 5 still open for comments", "What happened to James Carville's car while he was driving in New Orleans", "mH\nCapacity: 4.5L to 5L\nTemperature: +70 degC to +180degC\nPower: 220-240V/2,300 Watts (3-Pin Plug)\nWire Mesh Basket x 1, Oil Tank Cover x 1, SS Base Grate x 1\n1. Item operates on a standard 3-pin plug. We can change it to a 15A (round plug) if required. Kindly let us know in the remarks when buying.\n2. As item is designed for fast heating (2,300W), multi-plugging is not recommended. If the fryer unit \"trips\" your power supply, it likely means that your socket does not have sufficient power for the fryer. Use another socket instead.\n3. Warranty: 3 Months Warranty on Heating Element Against Manufacturer's Defect.\nNote: Photo(s) for illustration only.", "What traditional dish did the author prepare for the taster session at their group meeting", "What ingredients are used in the chicken lettuce wraps recipe mentioned in the text", "What are the key features of the property located at 1836 Morton Street", "What are some recommended places to stay in Siem Reap, Cambodia", "What actions led to the Laguna Grill and Martini Bar's closure and fines", "it just as they choose.\"\nA History of the Jews - Ancient and Modern\nStarting from a political interpretation of the period when judges, kings and prophets held sway over Israel and Judah, Ilan Halevi traces the evolution of the Jewish identity through its numerous sta...\nMarx at the Margins: On Nationalism, Ethnicity, and Non-Western Societies\nAnderson, Kevin B.\nMarx\u2019s critique of capital was far broader than is usually supposed. To be sure, he concentrated on the labor-capital relation within Western Europe and North America. But at the same time, he expen...\nSeeing Ourselves: Exploring Race, Ethnicity and Culture\nJames, Carl E.\nStrange Fruit: Why Both Sides Are Wrong in the Race Debate\nMalik makes the case that most anti-racists accept the belief, also held by racialists and outright racists, that differences between groups are of great importance. While racialists attribute the dif...\nWorking Class Experience: Rethinking the History of Canadian Labour, 1800-1991\nPalmer, Bryan D.\nFrom nineteenth-century tavern life to late twentieth-century cinema, from rough canallers and the first stirrings of craft unionism to contemporary public-sector strikes, this books provides a sweepi...\nWorking Toward Whiteness: How America's Immigrants Became White\nSources Experts & Spokespersons\nThe Commonwealth is an association of 53 independent states consulting and co-operating in the common interests of their peoples and in the promotion of international understanding\nThe New Look\nAffirmative action may be out of favor at the Supreme Court, but it is becoming a stronger force on America's campuses. Until a decade or so ago, questions of ethnicity and equity could be considered ...\nMedia and Minorities\nRepresenting Diversity in a Multicultral Canada\nFleras, Augie; Kuhz, Jean Lock\nAn examination of the politics of media minority relations in a multicultural Canada.\nSources Select Resources Encyclopedia\nVirginia Tilley is an American political scientist specialising in the comparative study of ethnic and racial conflict and known especially for her work on a one-state solution in Israel-Palestine.", "How has solar power impacted the villagers living under Char Ashariadaha Union Parishad in Godagari Upazila", "What features enhance the cozy and soothing experience of the product", "What type of businesses can stock Cinderberry patterns", "What are the key themes discussed in relation to the gas market, particularly in China, India, and South East Asia", "save these vodka bottles. Do not throw any call to top shelf empties out.\u201d\nInside the cabinet, ABC investigators found bottles of premium vodkas Three Olives, Ketel One and Stolichnaya with unsealed caps and filled to varying levels. The anonymous tips had alleged that Maria Pullella was pouring Burnett\u2019s flavored vodka into Three Olives flavored vodka bottles and pouring Absolut vodka into Ketel One and Stolichnaya bottles. The investigators asked Maria Pullella if she had done that. She denied it.\nAfter comparing the restaurant\u2019s inventory records and bar receipts, the investigators determined the amount of Three Olives vodka being brought out of the inventory room did not match what was being ordered and had been delivered by distributors. Maria Pullella on two more occasions denied perpetrating the scam to investigators, but after seeking legal counsel, eventually signed a voluntary statement admitting to switching the various vodkas from Aug. 17 to Aug. 25. On Sept. 9, ABC investigators made a follow-up visit to the restaurant and discovered discrepancies in records that suggested the fraud went back as far as May. After being presented with that evidence, Maria Pullella changed her statement, admitting the scam went back to May.\nThe Division of Alcoholic Beverage Control has a toll-free hotline for citizens to report illegal activity 866-713-8392", "What is the main message that Rob Hopkins aims to convey in his book 'The Power of Just Doing Stuff'", "What does the author suggest about how men feel when interacting with women regarding visual appearance", "What are some common symptoms and complications associated with peripheral vascular disease", "What accomplishments and qualities do clients attribute to Portia Shao of Positive Vista Photography", "ck on the abrupt weather changes that damaged the industry in 2012.\nJuly 27th, 2012\nMembers of the Southern Agricultural Council (CAS) have agreed to technical collaboration for Chinese trade.\nMay 25th, 2012\nThe Argentine and Uruguayan blueberry industries are looking to new varieties to overcome market challenges.\nApril 9th, 2012\nThe Southern Hemisphere is set to export 64,368MT more oranges, mandarins and lemons than in 2011.\nJanuary 3rd, 2012\nUruguay\u2019s citrus industry is in crisis with exporters closing operations due to high overheads.\nJanuary 2nd, 2012\nUruguay will introduce a new rural land tax in a bid to raise funds for infrastructure projects.\nNovember 8th, 2011\nUruguay\u2019s agricultural minister has returned from U.S. citrus negotiations in a very good mood.\nOctober 24th, 2011\nUruguay\u2019s agricultural minister and citrus growers will visit the U.S. to try to pave the way for exporting there again.\nSeptember 8th, 2011\nMultinational Dole has announced it expects the first arrivals of Argentine blueberries in Europe this season in week 37.\nAugust 22nd, 2011\nSouthern Hemisphere citrus growers could benefit from growing demand in Russia.\nAugust 15th, 2011\nUruguay\u2019s fruit union is hopeful for U.S. citrus market entry in 2012, while blueberry discussions have begun with China.\nJuly 11th, 2011\nUruguay\u2019s blueberry sector is in crisis with 16% of its fields neglected.\nJune 29th, 2011\nFive of South America\u2019s major fruit-producing countries have witnessed an historic cold snap over the last week.\nJune 23rd, 2011\nHail the size of eggs has hit citrus farmers in Uruguay\u2019s Salto region.\nJune 21st, 2011\nFor the first part of Fresh Fruit Portal\u2019s GM Special we look at the situation in South America.\nJune 7th, 2011\nAn Antarctic micro-organism could be used to combat apple decay in cold storage.\nJune 6th, 2011\nUruguay and Chile\u2019s lemon exports will likely fall, but the largest Southern Hemisphere players are forecasting slight rises in 2011.\nJune 2nd, 2011\nUruguay\u2019s citrus industry has met to discuss the pressing challenge of fruit placement.\nMay 31st, 2011\nUruguay\u2019s president caught his own agricultural minister by surprise with a rural tax announcement.\nMay 13th, 2011\nChile\u2019s blueberry exports to the U.S., the Netherlands and Asia rose dramatically in 2010-11.\nApril 26th, 2011\nUruguay\u2019s blueberry industry is still behind in the productivity stakes despite rapid export growth.\nApril 21st, 2011\nWater shortages could cut back Uruguay\u2019s citrus production this year but the jury is still out on exports.\nApril 1st, 2011\nA recent report shows Southern Hemisphere citrus production is expected to drop by 0.63% in 2011, but Brazil was not in the list of surveyed countries.\nMarch 31st, 2011\nThe search is on for more agronomists and agribusiness professionals in Uruguay.\nMarch 2nd, 2011\nA blueberry industry group from Argentina, Uruguay and Chile has bolstered sales in Denmark after a successful promotional campaign.\nFebruary 24th, 2011\nIndonesia is about to embark on an expertise-sharing agricutural promotion program with Iran.\nFebruary 18th, 2011\nUruguay has sent a delegation to Iran to negotiate agricultural trade and develop scientific research partnerships.\nFebruary 14th, 2011\nA lack of rain this summer in Uruguay is expected to lead to smaller citrus fruits, as a local agricultural investigation institute advises farmers to check their filters and drip systems to conserve water.\nJanuary 27th, 2011\nIncrease was fueled by higher blueberry sales and a recovery in the citrus sector.\nJanuary 18th, 2011\nMeanwhile, pear production is expected to drop by about 20%\nDecember 24th, 2010\nU.S., Netherlands are principal markets for young, $8.6 million industry\nDecember 16th, 2010\nExports met preseason estimates with orange and mandarin shipments showing growth while lemon and grapefruit dipped.\nDecember 8th, 2010\nThe country is looking to diversify the markets that receive its fruit and increase its participation in countries already open to Uruguayan fresh fruit.\n\u00a9 Copyright 2008 - 2010.", "What did Maria Pullella eventually admit to doing regarding the vodka bottles", "What are the three forms of hypertension that can occur during pregnancy", "linux users with this problem.\n> On previous releases of wing 4 the icon was ther.\nI wonder if the icon/menu installation script failed. Can you try\nmanually running the following to see if it fixes things?\nAlso, that writes a desktop install log that should already exist and\nmight contain the errors that occurred:\nPlease let me know if this doesn't help.\nWingware | Python IDE\nAdvancing Software Development\nMore information about the wingide-users", "Cover Story | Gestational Hypertension and Preeclampsia: Nontraditional Risk Factors For Cardiovascular Disease\nPregnancy is a predictor of future cardiovascular health in women. Cardiovascular disease has been estimated to be present in 1 to 4 percent of pregnancies. The incidence of pregnancies in women with heart disease is rising, mainly due to an increased number of women with congenital heart disease reaching childbearing age, advancing maternal age and an increased incidence of risk factors, including diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia (PE) and multifetal pregnancies.\nCurrent guidelines concentrate on management of cardiovascular disorders in pregnancy, such as native valvular heart disease, prosthetic valve disease, congenital heart disease, arrhythmias, diseases of the aorta and dilated cardiomyopathies. However, many women are at risk of developing future cardiovascular disease from pregnancy-related complications such as PE, gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes (GD), preterm labor, etc., and are often lost to follow-up.1,2\nDefining Hypertension in Pregnancy\nHypertension during pregnancy can occur in one of three forms: chronic hypertension, GH and PE. Chronic hypertension is defined as elevated blood pressure known before conception or diagnosed before 20 weeks of gestation. GH is hypertension that develops any time after 20 weeks of gestation without proteinuria. PE is defined as hypertension (blood pressure >140/90 mm Hg) with organ damage that develops after 20 weeks of gestation and has the potential to result in serious adverse consequences for the mother and fetus. Target organ damage can be manifested by proteinuria, thrombocytopenia, elevated creatinine or liver transaminases, pulmonary edema or cerebral or visual symptoms. Severe hypertension is defined as systolic blood pressure >170 mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure >110 mm Hg.\nTraditional and Nontraditional ASCVD Risk Factors in Women\nIncreasing among women and more impactful traditional risk factors for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) include diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, smoking, obesity and physical inactivity. Emerging, nontraditional ASCVD risk factors include preterm delivery, hypertensive pregnancy disorders, GD, breast cancer treatments, autoimmune diseases and depression.1\nEmerging Data on Association of PE, GH and Cardiovascular Disease\nA recent study in Circulation found accelerated atherosclerosis in women aged 45-55 years with a history of PE.3 Computed tomographic angiography detected signs of coronary plaques in 30 percent of women who had PE 10 to 20 years prior compared with 18 percent of age-matched women in a reference group.\nA large study published in the Annals of Internal Medicine in July 2018 helps provide some more insight into the cause and effect of PE and GH.4 Data from almost 60,000 participants in the historic Nurses' Health Study II were analyzed. This study reported that women with GH and PE had almost a threefold and sixfold increased rate of chronic hypertension in later life, respectively. It also showed that women who were hypertensive during their first pregnancy had a 70 percent increased risk of type 2 diabetes and 30 percent increased prevalence of hypercholesterolemia later in life. All associations remained after adjustment for prepregnancy body mass index, family history and other confounders.\nA Norwegian study with a mean follow-up of 17.2 years found that women with PE alone had a twofold increased risk of a major cardiovascular disease event, whereas women with PE plus preterm delivery or small-for-gestational-age baby were four times as likely to have a major cardiac event compared with women with uncomplicated pregnancies.5\nIn a recent prospective observational study in the Journal of American College of Cardiology, women with severe PE had a higher right ventricular systolic pressure, decreased global right ventricular longitudinal systolic strain and lower mitral septal e' velocity when compared with the control cohort of normal pregnancies.6 Of the patients with PE, 12 percent also had grade II diastolic dysfunction and 9.5 percent had peripartum pulmonary edema. These data demonstrate that adverse outcomes of pregnancy are common and highlight the need for antenatal surveillance, risk stratification and close long-term follow-up of patients with these complications.\nManagement of Hypertensive Disorders in Pregnancy\nFor primary prevention of PE, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends the use of aspirin 60-80 mg daily in high-risk women, defined as previous history of early onset PE and preterm delivery before 34 weeks of gestation or PE in more than one pregnancy.7 If the pregnancy is at 37 weeks or later, the health care provider will usually want to deliver the fetus to treat preeclampsia and avoid further complications. If the pregnancy is at less than 37 weeks, however, the mother and her health care provider may consider treatment options that give the fetus more time to develop, depending on the severity of the condition.\nFor a mild increase in blood pressure, home blood pressure measurement and frequent check-ins at the clinic are recommended.8 The National Institutes of Health-sponsored Working Group on High Blood Pressure in Pregnancy recommends antihypertensive therapy for blood pressures exceeding a threshold of 150 to 160 mm Hg systolic or 100 to 110 mm Hg diastolic or in the presence of target organ damage, such as left ventricular hypertrophy or renal insufficiency.8\nMedical therapy consists of the nonselective beta-blocker labetalol and the calcium-channel blocker (CCB) nifedipine. These first-line drugs have similar efficacy in controlling hypertension during pregnancy and are commonly used due to their good safety profiles. Closer monitoring of the woman and her fetus are recommended, with frequent tests to assess platelet counts, liver enzymes, and kidney function and urine protein levels. Tests for the fetus might include ultrasound, heart rate monitoring, assessment of f", "What are the key features of the HI-TEMP Commercial/Professional Countertop Electric Deep Fryer", "etal growth and assessment of amniotic fluid. Methyldopa has a long history of use in pregnancy and is still used, although it is not as effective and is considered a second-line therapy after CCBs and beta-blockers.\nFor severe hypertension, intravenous labetalol, oral nifedipine and intravenous hydralazine are equally effective. In such cases with severe preeclampsia, the woman will be admitted to the hospital for close and continuous monitoring. Loop diuretics like furosemide are used in patients with pulmonary edema and lower extremity edema. Treatment in the hospital may include intravenous medication to control blood pressure and anticonvulsive therapy with magnesium sulphate to prevent seizures or other complications, as well as steroid injections to help speed up the development of the fetus's lungs. Lastly, preterm labor may not be avoided due to the risk of complications to the mother and the fetus.\nTake Action: Steps to Assess Gestational Risk\nLack of physician awareness is one of the main reasons women who have been pregnant are lost to follow-up and fall through the cracks. Gestational risk factors should be stressed during obstetric and internal medicine training. More focused patient education during pregnancy may help in reducing the knowledge gap.\nIncreasing awareness among primary care providers, cardiologists and cardiovascular team members as well as gynecologic-obstetrical team members of the long-term risks of this unique population is a start. Importantly, all clinicians throughout the care continuum should engage a postpartum woman in a detailed conversation about her own health and discuss the potential health of her future pregnancies. Table 1 provides a guide for this conversation. Focused questions with patients can lead to easily identifying some of the pregnancy-related complications, such as PE, GH, preterm delivery and small-for-gestational-age birth.\nScreening for cardiovascular diseases should begin soon after a pregnancy complicated by hypertensive disorder. A large study published in BMJ last year showed that women with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy had rates of hypertension that were 12 to 25 times higher than women with a normotensive pregnancy in the year after delivery and an increased risk persisted for decades.9\nRecently ACOG released a postpartum toolkit to address the care of women after delivery. They call the postpartum period \"The Fourth Trimester\" and the toolkit provides resources on postpartum weight management, postpartum follow-up of chronic disease of the cardiovascular and renal systems and long-term follow-up of pregnancy-related complications.\nHigh-risk co-management clinics for postpartum cardiovascular disease counseling need to be created, with the participation of the obstetrical team, cardiovascular providers and primary care provider.\nThe increasing evidence of the impact of pregnancy on a woman's future cardiovascular health \u2013 and the increasing awareness by clinicians and women \u2013 will likely bring a paradigm shift in the next decade to early screening in pregnancy for ASCVD risk factors, which will require substantial changes to current models of antenatal care.\nGarima Sharma, MD, FACC, is assistant professor of medicine at Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.\n- Garcia M, Mulvagh SL, Merz CN, Buring JE, Manson JE. Circ Res 2016;118:1273-93.\n- Abbasi J. JAMA 2018;October 17:[Epub ahead of print].\n- Zoet GA, Benschop L, Boersma E, et al. Circulation 2018;137:877-9.\n- Stuart JJ, Tanz LJ, Missmer SA, et al. Ann Intern Med 2018;169:224-32.\n- Riise HK, Sulo G, Tell GS, et al. J Am Heart Assoc 2017;6.\n- Vaught AJ, Kovell LC, Szymanski LM, et al. J Am Coll Cardiol 2018;72:1-11.\n- American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists; Task Force on Hypertension in Pregnancy. Obstet Gynecol 2013;122:1122-31.\n- Ghanem FA, Movahed A. Cardiovasc Ther 2008;26:38-49.\n- Behrens I, Basit S, Melbye M, et al. BMJ 2017;358:j3078.\nClinical Topics: Arrhythmias and Clinical EP, Congenital Heart Disease and Pediatric Cardiology, Diabetes and Cardiometabolic Disease, Dyslipidemia, Heart Failure and Cardiomyopathies, Invasive Cardiovascular Angiography and Intervention, Noninvasive Imaging, Prevention, Valvular Heart Disease, Vascular Medicine, Implantable Devices, SCD/Ventricular Arrhythmias, Atrial Fibrillation/Supraventricular Arrhythmias, CHD and Pediatrics and Arrhythmias, CHD and Pediatrics and Imaging, CHD and Pediatrics and Interventions, CHD and Pediatrics and Prevention, CHD and Pediatrics and Quality Improvement, Homozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia, Statins, Acute Heart Failure, Interventions and Imaging, Interventions and Structural Heart Disease, Interventions and Vascular Medicine, Angiography, Nuclear Imaging, Hypertension, Smoking\nKeywords: ACC Publications, Cardiology Magazine, Ambroxol, Amniotic Fluid, Angiography, Coronary Angiography, Antihypertensive Agents, Aorta, Arrhythmias, Cardiac, Aspirin, Atherosclerosis, Autoimmune Diseases, Blood Pressure, Blood Pressure Determination, Body Mass Index, Breast Neoplasms, Calcium Channel Blockers, Cardiomyopathy, Dilated, Chronic Disease, Cohort Studies, Continuity of Patient Care, Counseling, Creatinine, Depression, Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2, Diabetes, Gestational, Edema, Epidemiologic Studies, Fetus, Follow-Up Studies, Furosemide, Gestational Age, Heart Rate, Heart Valve Diseases, Hydralazine, Hypercholesterolemia, Hypertension, Pregnancy-Induced, Hypertension, Hypertrophy, Left Ventricular, Infant, Newborn, Internal Medicine, Labetalol, Liver, Lost to Follow-Up, Lower Extremity, Magnesium Sulfate, Maternal Age, Methyldopa, Mothers, National Institutes of Health (U.S.), Nifedipine, Obesity, Peripartum Period, Pharmaceutical Preparations, Platelet Count, Postpartum Period, Pre-Eclampsia, Pregnancy, Premature Birth, Prenatal Care, Prevalence, Primary Prevention, Primary Health Care, Prospective Studies, Proteinuria, Pulmonary Edema, Renal Insufficiency, Risk Factors, Seizures, Smoking, Sodium Chloride Symporter Inhibitors, Systole, Thrombocytopenia, Transaminases\n< Back to Listings", "What are some of the travel options available to get from Bangkok to Chiang Mai", "What kind of products does the company provide and where is their warehouse located", "What types of photography services are offered by the photographer in Santa Cruz", "What services does Martin Signature Homes provide for custom home building", "Archived and Closed\nThis conversation is no longer open for comments or replies and is no longer visible to community members.\nDoes automatic work if I use a iphone 5 with no data plan? Can the p", "What is the focus of the EGX Rezzed event compared to the larger EGX event", "What has the United States begun discussing with its allies regarding Iran's nuclear program", "What issue is Noe Nieto experiencing with Wing IDE after downloading the new release", "HI-TEMP Commercial/Professional Countertop Electric Deep Fryer (5L)\nLIMITED TIME PROMO:\n1st Unit @ $109\n2nd Unit @ $89 only!! (Select \"2 Units\" Option)\nSuitable For Food Shops, Food Fairs, Snack Kiosks, Home-Based Business, Weddings, Catering, etc\n\u2714\ufe0f2,300 Watts For Faster Heating\n\u2714\ufe0fFry More With 5L Tank Capacity\n\u2714\ufe0fEasy to Use - Mechanical Temperature Control, Power Indicator Lights\n\u2714\ufe0fEasy to Clean - Removable Heating System (Control Panel / Oil Tank)\n\u2714\ufe0fSafe To Use - Built-In High-Temperature Auto Cut-Off Device\n\u2714\ufe0fSturdy Material - Stainless Steel Construction\nOperated Using 220-240V Power Source (Standard 3-Pin)\nDimension (Ext): 27.5 x 44.5 x 29.5c", "What is the U.S. official's assessment of Iran's response to international engagement efforts concerning its nuclear program", "What type of electricity generation system was implemented in the AVA Mini Grid Project and how is it benefiting the villagers", "Seven playable games have been added to EGX Rezzed 2018, which takes place in April.\nThose who attend EGX Rezzed 2018 will be able to play plenty of titles, seven of which were announced today.\nThe highly-anticipated Warhammer: Vermintide 2, which is currently in beta for those who pre-ordered, will be on-hand.\nAnother playable game is Julian Gollop's Phoenix Point, the open world, turn-based strategy title from the XCOM creator's Snapshot Games.\nFive other playable titles were announced today", "Gas Market Dynamics, Arbitration and Price Reviews\nThe key themes due to be covered include:\n- Global and regional gas market dynamics \u2013 how is pricing affecting the competitiveness of LNG/gas versus other fuels in China, India and South East Asia?\n- LNG Sale & Purchase Agreements \u2013 how has the balance", "tory a myth equal to that of any Greek or Roman hero. Fronted by world leaders and movie stars he is an icon, an congressman and the symbol of h0pe for millions of Filipino\u2019s and yet behind the hype and glory, Pacquiao has never forgotten his humble beginnings. This film sets about exploring his life from start to present and exposing the man behind the legend.\nJoin The Conversatio", "What achievement did Manny Pacquiao accomplish in 2009 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas", "How many visual responses did the author create for Zack's poem group 'Daily Quickies' and how many of those are on display", "Last Updated on\nComposite photography is blending two or images into one, to create a final picture. There are different types of composite photography, but we will go over that later. The most important thing to know is that you need photography and editing skills to create a composite photograph.\nThe image above is a great example of this type of photography. The images are pieced together making it look like a woman is walking her dog attached to balloons. It is well made and hard to tell that it was edited, even though we know that this situation is impossible.\nYou know what composite photography is, so let\u2019s learn about the different types.\nTypes of Composite Photography\nComposite photography is used for many reasons. This section will talk about types including;\n- Deceptive Images\n- Fantastical Images\n- Images to Show Movement\n- Images to Build Story\nThese images aren\u2019t meant to trick the viewer; they purposely show something impossible. Depending on the skill level of the photographer, these can still seem \u2018realistic\u2019.\nWhen you think of composite photography, you think of these impossible pictures. You know while looking at it that it must be more that one image, but because they are seamlessly pieced together, you process it as one single image.\nTake the image above for example. I know that there is not a company that changes the phases of the moon, but it is such a quirky idea and executed so well that I don\u2019t care about the different images that go into it.\nImages to Show Movement\nThis type of composite photography is mainly used to show the movement of individual people. Often times, you will find this in sports. For example, the image above tracks the movement of the induvial, letting you see his form throughout the entire timeframe. If you were watching this scene live, you wouldn\u2019t be able to process everything that fast.\nYou can also find this in other sports, such as track and diving. With a composite image, you can see each pose a diver makes and the position a runner takes as they begin a race.\nImages to Build Story\nComposite photography can also be used to tell a story in a picture that otherwise would be difficult to understand. Instead of taking a video or having a series of photos, photographers can create an image with several storytelling aspects.\nThe picture above is a great example of this. Based on what is provided, we know that it is a mom and dad, cleaning up a bunch of toys while Family Feud plays in the background. A photograph like this would be difficult to capture. The Minnie Mouse figure is flying through the air but is still perfectly clear to the viewer. If an image was taken while it actually flew through the air, it would just be a blur.\nDeceptive Composite Images\nDeceptive composite photography is meant to trick the viewer. This is pretty simple and very common on the internet. Have you ever seen a picture that looks real, only to find out later that it was fake? It happens to all of us, and chances are, it was a composite image.\nSome photographers acknowledge that they use composite images, however many claim that their images are real. The organization World Press Photo (WPP) stated that in 2015, 20% of the images submitted to their annual photo contest were faked. In 2012, Paul Hansen won the contest with the photo above. Ultimately this was confirmed as a fake, causing a controversy.\nWhat is a digital photography image?\nThe first photograph ever was taken in 1822. It wasn\u2019t until 1957 that digital photography came into existence. Chances are, most of the pictures you take on a daily basis are digital images.\nDigital images are basically pictures taken with the help of technology. They are made of tiny pixels that come together to make the bigger picture. If you zoom really far into a digital image, you will see the pixels that make it up.\nLet\u2019s look at the picture above. The digital image has not been edited, so this is what you would see a few seconds after taking the picture. The image taken on film is a bit brighter as well. Film and digital both hav", "What is the definition of feminist translation according to Olga Castro and Emek Ergun", "What are some common diagnostic tests used to assess Peripheral Vascular Disease (PVD)", "Here comes from Orbiz another mind blowing release for your elegant home-d\u00e9cor. It is a perfectly designed custom Illusion lamp which aesthetically combines art and technology. It creates an optical 3D illusion playing a trick on human eyes. It is simply flying off from the shelves to reach all corners of our vast country. This incredible concept is indeed impressive with excellent performance. The cutting-edge hand-crafted design is astonishingly attractive to all aesthetic minds of men, women and children in every home. It is just meant to create a lasting impression up on your friends and all your guests. The artistic design professionally created becomes highly visible and shining from far but as you get closer, it fades away until you see an attractive acrylic glass sheet. No doubt, it lights up the room as well as your life. Besides the gentle light adds to the cooling effect of the bed-room prompting little children who are afraid of darkness, to sleep", "[wingide-users] wingide 4.0.4-1 (rev 25075) and Gnome 3 /Fedora 15\nsupport at wingware.com\nWed Sep 21 07:34:21 MDT 2011\nOn 9/20/11 3:41 PM, Noe Nieto wrote:\n> Today I downloaded the rpm of the new release of wing-ide. Looks\n> pretty solid. but I only have a very small issue: WingIde is no longer\n> present in gnome3's list of apps. Seems like the .desktop ini file is\n> not there or is corrupted but haven't look at it.\n> I don't know if there are any", "What options does the Client have for resolving disputes arising from the contract", "book and contacting people around the world who are doing Transition in the place they live, is the sense of taking back power over aspects of their lives. Although the challenges we face are huge, by breaking it into small manageable pieces we discover a new sense of what's possible. Hearing that back from people working in wildly different contexts was amazing.\nWhy do you think local, community-based action is so attractive to people?\nIt is attractive, I think, because it feels right. We are social creatures, we need each other, we need to meet, talk, roll up our sleeves together. In recent years we have become increasingly distant from each other. I visited Crystal Palace in London the other day, where we launched the book with the incredible Transition group there. I visited a community food garden they had created which had won the mayor of London's community garden award, and one of the women who had created it told me, \"I think the most magical thing about this garden is the people who come through it, the friendships that have been made, and the huge transformation we've seen in some people who've come through the garden.\" Government can't legislate for that, business can't do that, only we can do that.\nCritics of the Transition Movement have sometimes countered that local, small-scale action is a distraction from pushing for the big picture, systemic changes that are needed. How do you feel about that charge? Are there ways to address it?\nI think that's a really flimsy argument. Transition would never argue that it is the only thing we need. We need government responses, we need campaigning, we need that whole gamut of approaches that produce change. At the same time though, Transition is a social technology, if you like, designed to work at the local level. It isn't designed to lobby in the conventional way. It works because it brings people together, often people who feel that campaigning just either isn't for them or just doesn't work, and energizes them with possibilities. Campaigns rarely do that; government never does that.\nI think it is another route to those big-picture changes. Should we be seeking to create one new big alternative energy company, or thousands of well-connected networks of community renewables companies? Should we be setting up one new huge local food business, or thousands of small, community-appropriate ones? I think Transition also is about not waiting for, or demanding, anyone's permission to get on and create the kind of world we want to see. It's about doing stuff, here and now. Hence the title of the book. I think if people argue, as in your question, that \"local, small-scale action is a distraction from pushing for the big picture, systemic changes that are needed,\" my response would be that the more accepted approach for pushing for those changes really doesn't seem to be getting anywhere much.\nIf a community or an individual is inspired to take action by your book, where do you recommend they start?\nHave a look at transitionnetwork.org and see what's already happening where you live. Find some other people who would like to do it too. Inspire yourself with stories of what people are already doing. Remember to pay attention to how your group works, and step across into action and actually doing stuff. Enjoy it. This is meant to be fun. And share your stories: We only figure out how to do this by everyone's experiences being pooled together.\nThe official launch video for 'The Power of Just Doing Stuff'\nFeaturing the mayor of Totnes. And a pumpkin.\nRelated stories on MNN:\n- Organic dairy co-op MOOMilk lands $3 million in investment\n- A greenhouse at the supermarket? Now that's fresh\n- Why one English town created its own currency\nClick for photo credits\nSolar panels: Brixton Energy\nCommunity garden: Goodluz/Shutterstock", "hone be used as a storage device for the automatic to offload the cache data without the GPS mapping? I mainly just need to keep track of miles travel and need a time stamp on those miles driven.", "What were the reasons for KING KOBRA's breakup in 1988 and what did each member pursue afterward", "This Friday at the Cultural Center of the Philippines, in Manila: 4 of my drawings are included in \u201cChromatext Rebooted\u201c.\nThe show (the 4th in the Chromatext project, initiated in 1983) involves artworks based on, coupled with, or related to words/poems/prose, or any kind of visual art executed by poets/writers, including abstract, sculptural, conceptual and digital works. Collaborations between writers and artists are also featured. This is how the ever-debonair, rascal-gentleman-poet R. Zamora Linm", "The first thing to consider when formulating a contract for a new freelance client is to make sure the contract can be defended in a court of law. There are six criteria that the contract must meet according to the United States legal system.\n- First, each of the parties involved must be real and able to enter into a formal contract\u2014so that means they must be of sound mind, exist in the real world, and be of legal age at a bare minimum.\n- Second, all the parties involved must be clearly identified by their correct and legal names or identifiers.\n- Third, a product or a service must be offered by one or more of the parties.\n- Fourth, some sort of consideration or benefit must be offered in response to said offer of a service or product.\n- Fifth, the transaction must be completed within a certain time frame.\n- Sixth, the nature of the service provided, the benefit offered, or the parties involved cannot involve illegal or fraudulent activity and both parties must, in fact, agree to the terms.\nThere is nothing in this criteria that says the contract must be written. Legally speaking, a verbal contract is just as binding if it meets the above criteria.\nNow that you know what goes into a general contract, the next step is to consider what you need in a freelance contract. The best way to do this is to take each six requirements and consider what you should do if things go wrong.\nIdentification of the parties involved\nThis is perhaps one of the simplest criteria to meet. Most freelance contracts say something to the effect of:\nI, [name of freelancer] of [name of your company], located at [company address] hereby enter into a formal contract with [Client Representative\u2019s Name] of [Client Company] located at [Client Company Address].\nOffer of a service or product\nThis section is where you describe exactly what you are going to provide to your client. It is a good idea to be specific as you can based on the details of the job. For example, let\u2019s say that a client wanted me to produce a sixty-thousand word manuscript based on his research into the effects of overpopulation on elephant seals. Here\u2019s how that portion of the contract might look:\nOne manuscript, not to exceed 60,000 words in length with the working title of The Effects of Overpopulation on Elephant Seals, based only on the research provided by the Client will be submitted to the Client in a time frame as outlined in the Schedule section of this Contract. The manuscript is expected to have a total of twelve (12) chapters. The Writer will offer a total of four (4) revisions at the discretion of the Client at no additional cost. If the Client requires five or more revisions, additional compensation as outlined in the Payment and Consideration section will be provided for each occurrence. Once full payment is received and verified, the Writer agrees to transfer all publication, authorship, and copyright considerations to the Client.\nConsideration or payments for service or product\nThis is the section where you want to provide details concerning the payment for your product or service. Once again, it pays to be specific.\nProvide details about:\n- how you will receive payment;\n- how you will invoice the client;\n- who you will invoice if the person is different from the client representative; and\n- the nature of the payment scheduling.\nWill you accept a single lump sum at the end of the project, or will you get paid in installments? Also, how will you handle late payments?\nLet\u2019s look at our fictitious contract about overpopulation and elephant seals:\nThe Writer will invoice the Client via electronic mail to the Client\u2019s designated re", "What is the purpose of the housing project funded by Emirati businessman Mahmoud Fatah Khaja on Socotra Island", "What is the focus of Virginia Tilley's research in the context of ethnic and racial conflict", "ood storage units, 450 units of donated blood and medicines to the Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Hospital in Socotra Island.\nThe first phase of the modern Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Hospital opened Dec 6, 2012 in Hadibo, capital of Socotra Island. It is fitted with advanced equipment and has two operation theatres, an intensive care unit and gynecology, maternity and infants wards.", "What did the group do after they finished climbing Mount Katahdin", "rty. Built in 1943, the property at 1836 Morton Street is 1 Level, has 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, is approximately 1,580 square feet, and has 2 parking spaces. The property is located in the Henry township.", "by Tiny Love\nBoho Chic Luxe Musical Mobile\nOriginal price $79.99 - Original price $79.99\n$79.99 - $79.99\nCurrent price $79.99\nThe only d\u00e9cor mobile in the market that offers such a wide variety of electronic features and controls. Including adorable plush dolls to fall in love and vintage-looking embroidery, this mobile by Tiny Love will engage baby when awake and transform bedtime into a truly magical experience. Enjoy a wide variety of electronic features: rotation, 17 melodies, a unique shushing sound that works like magic, white noi", "se, volume control, timer and night-time LED light.\n- Beautiful embroidery and soft mobile arm cover.\n- 30 minutes of continuous music.\n- Unique shushing sound.\n- 3 adorable plush dolls and decorative leaves elements\n- Soft mobile arm cover for extra coziness\n- Automatic timer with 3 options- 10/20/30 minutes\n- 5 kinds of whiter noise and LED light for easier operation at night time\n- Beautiful vintage-looking embroidery details\n- Dimensions: 17.3\u201d x 9.8\u201d x 25.6\u201d\n- Product weight: 2.95lbs\n- Age: 0m+\n- 3 AA Batteries needed, not included", "Burghal (or bulgar as it is known in the Western world) is a bit of a staple in a lot of Assyrian kitchens. Used in salads such as Tabbouleh, or in dishes like Khipti (meatball soup) or Kubbah (stuffed dumplings), \u2026 Continue reading\nThis light lunch is perfect for when you don\u2019t want to use your HexB on bread or a wrap for a sandwich.\nYou\u2019ll need a chicken breast sliced as thinly as you can, sliced onion, chopped chilli, garlic and coriander. Lemon juice, salt, pepper, two large lettuce leaves (I used romaine), and a tablespoon of extra light mayo for 1/2 syn (I used Aldi Bramwells).\nDry fry the chicken, onion, garlic and chilli until the chicken is browned and cooked through. Throw in most of the coriander, a good squeeze of lemon juice and a good grind of salt and pepper. Spoon into the lettuce leaves, drizzle with the mayo and scatter the rest of the coriander leaves over the top. Ready in 5 minutes although I bet I ate them in less! Delicious!\nA few weeks ago my five year old saw ice cream cookie sandwiches being made on Food Network and nagged me to make them ever since. So, one rainy half term day last week we made some, and they looked \u2026 Continue reading\nI haven\u2019t been sleeping well lately. Well, actually that\u2019s not strictly true\u2026I\u2019ve been struggling to get to sleep then struggling to get up again in the morning, subsequently drinking far too much black coffee to keep me functioning during the day. Anyway, this tiredness coupled with the start of a cold left me hankering for something sweet and stodgy for breakfast this morning. I really fancied proper pancakes with maple syrup and smoked bacon, but actually this is definitely more slimming world friendly.\nI took three pieces of crustless wholemeal bread (60g) as my Healthy Extra B choice and brushed the edges with an eggy concoction made by beating an egg with a tsp vanilla extra and a tsp stevia. After brushing the edges, I measured out 1 tbsp Choc Shot (2 syns) and divided between the three pieces of bread dolloping it on one half of each slice. Taking a corner of a slice, I folded it over diagonally to make a samosa shape and used the back of a fork to crimp it down to seal. Once all three were folded and crimped I dripped them all in the remaining eggy mixture before dry frying on a medium heat for a few minutes until they were golden. I served these with some fat free yoghurt mixed with a little vanilla extract and fresh cherries and strawberries. It definitely hit the spot whilst staying on plan! Yum!\nWant to see what else I\u2019ve been eating? Check out my Instagram feed here.\nIf you follow me on Instagram you\u2019ll know that since the beginning of the year I have been following the Slimming World plan in a bid", "What assistance does Martin Signature Homes provide to Owner Builders during the home construction process", "'The Power of Just Doing Stuff': A Q&A with Transition Movement founder Rob Hopkins\nNew book aims to inspire skeptics about changing the world one small piece at a time.\nMon, Jul 15, 2013 at 11:53 AM\nPhoto: Jim Wileman\nWhen Rob Hopkins first learned about the concept of peak oil, he and his students started exploring what it would look like if their small Irish town was to begin weaning itself off fossil fuels. From that starting point at the Kinsale Further Education College, the Transition Movement was born \u2014 a grassroots initiative that has spread to more than 400 communities across the globe, and spawned countless spinoff projects ranging from community-owned solar cooperatives through \"crop swaps\" to local currencies.\nIn his new book, \"The Power of Just Doing Stuff,\" Hopkins explores how a diverse range of people around the world are stepping up to the global challenges we face by instigating grassroots changes in the communities around them.\nWe caught up with Hopkins to find out a little more about his book, and the people who inspired it.\nMNN: What's the big idea behind 'The Power of Just Doing Stuff'? How does it differ from the 'Transition Handbook' and the 'Transition Companion'?\nHopkins: Well, the 'Transition Handbook' is out of print now, and the Companion is more of an all-singing-all-dancing guide to how to do Transition. We felt there was a real need for an introductory book, something not so much written for people already involved in Transition, but something they could give to their local councilors, skeptical relatives and so on. It's really about the thrill of doing this, how people find a new sense of possibility and excitement by being a part of this.\nI'd say the big idea behind the book is that local economies and community resilience are no longer a nice idea, a nice theory, but are emerging strongly as a form of economic development. There's a statistic in the book from the Portas Review which states that 97 percent of all groceries are now sold through just 8,000 supermarket outlets in the UK. ... If, for simplicity's sake, we say the remaining 3 percent is the local, independent economy, then the question is whether in our push for growth and economic revival we should focus on growing the 3 percent or the 97 percent?\nWe know that the 3 percent economy creates up to three times more jobs for every pound spent in it than the 97 percent economy. We know it creates more resilient communities, more active civil society, allows more money to cycle locally, creates more well-being, even that it leads to higher turnout at elections. In other words, it meets our needs easier. Yet it is threatened by the aggressive, expansionist, high-carbon and fossil fuel dependent 97 percent economy.\nThe big idea of the book is that it is the 3 percent we need to grow, and that communities can play a huge role in making that happen, indeed that they already are.\nWhat are some of the stories and initiatives that have inspired you in writing this book?\nThere are too many to mention really. One of the great privileges of my work is to sit in the place many of those stories pass through. I am continually blown away by what people are doing. There's Bath and West Community Energy who recently raised 750,000 pounds in share investment from the local community, which gave their local council the confidence to invest 2 million pounds in renewable energy projects in the city. There's Brixton Energy in London (shown above), doing remarkable work installing community renewables on some of the poorest housing in London. Transition Streets, the street-by-street behavior change model started in Totnes, has now gone global. I read a great report last week from a community doing it in Australia.\nIt is constantly inspiring. What came through very clearly when researching the", "When did the first phase of the Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Hospital open in Hadibo, Socotra Island", "What is the focus of the art show 'Chromatext Rebooted' at the Cultural Center of the Philippines", "What are the techniques for creating a composite image in Photoshop", "What suggestion is provided to linux users experiencing an issue with the icon/menu in Wing 4", "What significant weather event affected the agriculture industry in 2012", "ark came to ask me if I would like to make some visual responses to his 7-poem group \u201cDaily Quickies\u201d.\nSince Zack\u2019s poems were short and snappy, I made 7 new drawings, based on either classic New Yorker cartoons or old editorial cartoons of my own, and then laid the poems out as absurdist captions. Due to space constraints, only 4 of our collaborations are on display.\nBelow, 2 of the results. \u201cPostscript\u201d is 1 of the 4 being shown at the CCP; \u201cLove\u201d is one of the 3 that live a more private existence.", "ords \u2014 the 1985 release \"Ready To Strike\" and 1986's \"Thrill Of A Lifetime\". Along with Carmine, the band featured four relatively unknown musicians at the time \u2014 David Michael-Philips and Mick Sweda on guitar, Johnny Rod on bass and Mark Free on lead vocals. KING KOBRA toured the U.S., Canada, Europe and Mexico playing shows with KISS, IRON MAIDEN, QUIET RIOT, TED NUGENT, QUEENSR\u0178CHE and AUTOGRAPH. The band was featured regularly on MTV and performed the theme song for the #1 1986 motion picture \"Iron Eagle\". After disbanding in 1988, each member continued his career in other successful major-label groups \u2014 Carmine to BLUE MURDER (Geffen), Mark Free to UNRULY CHILD (Interscope), Mick Sweda to the BULLETBOYS (Warner Bros.), Johnny Rod to W.A.S.P. (Capitol/EMI) and David Michael-Philips to LIZZY BORDEN (Metal Blade). The year 2010 saw the band reunite the original classic '85 lineup, replacing original singer Mark Free (now Marcie Free) with veteran lead vocalist Paul Shortino (ROUGH CUTT, QUIET RIOT).", "e their advantages, and both are utilized when it comes to composite photography.\nFilm has to be developed, typically in a dark room, so you can\u2019t just upload your picture to Photoshop and start editing. Fortunately, there are amazing composite photographers who work with film.\nHow do you create a composite image?\nYou are probably wondering how to create composite images from digital cameras, but before we discuss that, let\u2019s talk about film and composite photography.\nIn the picture above, do you think it is film or digital? Jerry Uelsmann creating this with film, letting them develop on top of each other in a darkroom. While working, he combined the negatives of images together to create one seamless piece.\nIf you don\u2019t know how to develop pictures in a darkroom, that\u2019s totally okay! Jerry Uelsmann created his photographs before Photoshop even existed, but luckily, we now have access to editing programs.\nLet\u2019s look at the steps to creating a great composite image. Wix Photography Blog has a simple and easy-to-read list of the steps that go into creating your piece. This isn\u2019t an in-depth list, so be sure to read the section below to find out about tutorials to become a better composite photographer. To watch these steps in action, watch this video.\n- Choose a photo that will be the background of the final image.\n- Add a new layer with the image that contains the element you want to add.\n- In this case \u2013 the added element is a hot air balloon.\n- Use the Magic Wand (or any other selection tool) to select the added element (i.e. the hot air balloon).\n- Now click the \u2018Mask\u2019 button below the layers, to mask out the element. To remove the background in the hot air balloon photo, paint the mask square white.\n- Now click the \u2018Mask\u2019 button below the layers or cut the selection into a new layer. If you choose a Layer Mask you can always hide or reveal parts of the original photo by coloring the mask layer in white or black (white to reveal; black to hide).\nKeep in mind that there are more steps than creating the actual image on Photoshop. Each element of the piece needs to have appropriate lighting and blend into the picture so it doesn\u2019t seem too unnatural. We don\u2019t want a part of the picture to be overly bright compared to the rest.\nGreat composite photography is an art. Individuals like Erik Johansson didn\u2019t just snap a few pictures and edit them, he spent time perfecting each piece. With practice, you can do this too!\nComposite Photography Tutorials\nThere are plenty of how-to lists on the internet, but you need a full and informative tutorial on how to create amazing composite images. Here are a few tutorials and courses that will teach you all about composite photography.\nCreating Your Reality with Composite Photography with Renee Robyn\nThis is an online course offered by Creative Live. It is packed with 60 lessons that cover everything you need to know. The teacher, Renee Robyn, is a photographer with an impressive portfolio on her website. With this course, you can rest assured knowing that you are getting great and informative lessons from someone who knows what they are talking about.\nPhotoshop Composite Image Course on Udemy\nPrice: $199.99 (there are discounts often though, when I viewed this, the course was $11.99!)\nThis is 5 courses in 1! Udemy offers this bundle, along with several other photography courses so if you are eager to learn more, check out their website. If you don\u2019t know how to use Photoshop, that\u2019s okay too. Although this course is for mid-level users, there is a section on the basics of Photoshop.\nWhen you pay and complete this course, you will also get;\n- 6 hours on-demand video\n- 5 articles\n- Full lifetime access\n- Access on mobile and TV\n- Certificate of Completion\nTop Tips for Photoshop Compositing by Karl Taylor\nIf you aren\u2019t looking for an actual course, definitely check out this website. This is an article that contains all the basics of composite photography without the structure of course. The article goes in-depth and describes how to create images like the one above.", "What unique features does the Boho Chic Luxe Musical Mobile by Tiny Love offer to engage babies and enhance bedtime", "y on a stretcher. They transported me to the nearest hospital. The entire time I couldn\u2019t believe what was happening. It all seemed so unreal. I kept thinking about all the obligations I had the next day. How I had to attend my yoga program the next morning, how I had to go to work at my digital marketing firm in the city all week, and how much I wanted to see my sisters\u2026 but I couldn\u2019t move my body.\nThe realization slowly hit that I wouldn\u2019t be able to do any of those things.\nReflections from a survivor\nIncredibly, the car had swerved off the highway and into a sunken pit of mud\u2014right before a tree. Later, experts determined that the car was traveling about 90 miles per hour so if it had hit the tree, the blow would have been fatal. The doctors couldn\u2019t stress enough what a miracle it was that we were still alive and in one piece.\nMichael and I received full body CAT scans, MRIs and X-rays. Joanna, Gabriel and Jose walked away from the accident with minor scrapes and bruises. While Michael left the hospital with cuts and stitches, I was admitted for two days with a broken sternum and phase 1 bruised spleen.\nI felt so lucky. I am so lucky. We are all so lucky to be alive.\nJose was in tears the whole night, blaming himself for the accident. The pain in my body still remains, but I know slowly it will dull and fade. Yet, this experience is forever. I still cannot believe how we let Jose drive. We all knew he was tired, but we just wanted to sleep and get home.\nMy reflections about the accident were (and still are) incredibly frustrating. Healing and dealing with my injuries has brought so much anger, yet also happiness. That bittersweet feeling of being alive\u2014albeit the terribly difficult rehabilitation\u2014is eerie.\nI can still imagine the moments of life fading when I close my eyes and try to recollect that night.\nI realize that sometimes accidents just happen. As much as I could blame myself, the driver, or any of the passengers, there is a communal responsibility that\u2019s important to acknowledge. That moment when you feel something\u2014even a shred of doubt\u2014where lives may be in danger, it\u2019s important to speak up.\n\u201cThat moment when you feel something\u2014even a shred of doubt\u2014where lives may be in danger, it\u2019s important to speak up.\u201d\nBeing assertive isn\u2019t easy, but sometimes it\u2019s not just important: it\u2019s necessary. I learned my lesson the hard way, but it\u2019s a lesson I\u2019ll never forget. Be careful who you get in the car with and make sure you\u2019re 100% confident that they\u2019re are able to drive safely.\nIf something doesn\u2019t feel right, say something. Who knows, it could save your life.", "Sana'a (Yemen), June 24 (IANS/WAM) Emirati businessman Mahmoud Fatah Khaja has funded the construction of a housing project for orphans on Yemen's Socotra Island.\nOf the 80-apartment housing complex, 55 apartments have been handed over to beneficiaries. The remaining 25 units will be handed over soon.\nMeanwhile, the Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan Foundation has delivered two bl", ". Its mesmerizing effect can also entertain your friends.\nThis impressive novelty is professionally crafted using the latest technology. It also makes use of a strong and sturdy acrylic material in the market. The most affordable price offered at this stage of promotion is meant to make this novel device a top choice in our modern market. You can also use it most creatively as a home d\u00e9cor, as a parlor lamp or as a night lamp for children. Use it as a bedroom shade, a d\u00e9cor for your living room, office or even the garden. Remember, it is left to you to customize it creatively, adding a text using your favorite font as well as integrating photographs of your choice. Needless to say that it is the most perfect gift of modern day for birthdays, marriages, anniversaries or any other memorable occasion. Book your share now itself.\nIt is long-lasting\nSlick and solid design\nSolid looking and easy to connect to the Existing sockets\nHighly affordable and power-saving.", "Who is the Australian distributor for Riley Blake fabrics", "What are some of the playable games announced for EGX Rezzed 2018", "What is the maximum weight per location that can be handled in the machine shop", "Thank you for your interest in stocking our products in your store, we look forward to working with you.\nWe distribute Cinderberry patterns on wholesale terms to registered businesses globally, to make a wholesale enquiry or to register as a stockist please complete the information below so we can assist you further.\nWe are excited to announce from July 1st 2017 Creative Abun", "Political Consultant James Carville\u2019s Car Falls in New Orleans Pothole and Can\u2019t Get Out\nPolitical consultant and author James Carville and friend driving in New Orleans got the jolt of their lives when Carville's car came to a sudden halt after falling into a rain-filled pothole and couldn't get out.\nLouisiana continues to top lists of the worst roads in America but New Orleans may be the epicenter for the worst roads ever. James Carvill", "BRIGANTINE \u2014 A restaurant here owned by a city councilman will close for seven days next summer and pay $23,000 in fines after admitting it was charging customers for premium vodka but was actually dispensing cheaper grade spirits.\nThe Division of Alcoholic Beverage Control on Monday announced a settlement with Brig Inc., trading as Laguna Grill and Martini Bar and owned by Brigantine Councilman Dominic A. \u201cTony\u201d Pullella.\nThe Brig was charged with serving an alcoholic\nbeverage other than ordered, hindering an investigation by having an\nemployee provide false information to an ABC investigator, and failing\nto produce complete and accurate copies of invoice slips. ABC licensees\nare strictly liable for any violations of the Division\u2019s laws at their\n\u201cBy serving its customers cheaper vodka than what had been ordered and paid for, the Laguna Grill and Martini Bar was dishonest,\u201d Alcoholic Beverage Control Director Jerry Fischer said.\nThe investigation began Sept. 2 when ABC investigators questioned the bar\u2019s manager, and Pullella\u2019s sister, Prudenzia \u201cMaria\u201d Pullella, after receiving two separate anonymous tips the bar may be duping its customers. The investigators were shown to the Laguna\u2019s inventory room, which yielded two tip-offs: a large red funnel and a cardboard sign on a liquor cabinet that read \u201cKeep empties in order. Do not put them all over. Only", "to shift a few pounds before my 35th birthday in June. I have been absolutely amazed at how much you can eat and still lose weight! It really isn\u2019t a diet; I\u2019m certainly not missing out on anything, in fact I\u2019m eating more than I was before and getting better results!\nAt group on Tuesday we had a taster session where members brought in all kinds of delicious food to try and inspire the other members to try new things. The Assyrian in me has been delighted at how easily adaptable a lot of my native dishes are to the Slimming World plan, so I thought I\u2019d rustle up some Dolma (stuffed vine leaves), with Iynee and Gneve (literally translated as eyes and eyelashes! \u2013 I know, I don\u2019t get it either. Basically a spicy tomato salsa and greek yoghurt).\nThey were a hit, with every last one being devoured. They are fiddly to make, but well worth the time investment. Here\u2019s the recipe, passed down from my Granny, to my mum, to me. Enjoy!\n2 packets of preserved vine leaves\n1lb minced beef or lamb (less than 5% fat). Alternatively you can make these vegetarian by leaving out the meat and adding in an extra half cup of rice.\n1 mug basmati rice\n1 large onion\n5 spring onions\n1 green pepper\nlarge bunch of fresh dill\nlarge bunch of fresh parsley\n2 cloves crushed garlic\njuice of half a lemon\nsalt & black pepper\n1 dsp garam masala\n1 tsp cayenne pepper\n3 tbsp tomato puree\nSoak the preserved vine leaves in boiling water for 5 minutes. Chop the onion, spring onions, tomatoes, celery leaves, green pepper and herbs as finely as possible. Fry the onion and garlic before adding the meat, if using, spices, tomato puree and chopped tomatoes to the pan. and cook through. Allow the mixture to cool before adding in the rest of the ingredients.\nWhile the mixture is cooling sort through the vines leaves, lining the bottom of a heavy casserole pan with any torn ones (this will prevent the dolma from sticking).\nWhen the stuffing is cool, place a dessert spoon of it on the base of a vine leaf, fold the sides in and roll up tightly. Stack the dolmas in the casserole pan as you go. Place a ceramic saucer on top of the dolma once you\u2019ve rolled and staked them all in the pan to prevent them moving around when cooking.\nMix together 1.5 cups of boiling water with 1 chicken stock cube, 1 tbsp tomato puree and the juice of half a lemon. Pour over the dolma and boil them for 15 minutes on a medium heat, before turning down to low and cooking slowly for around 45 minutes. Take care not to overcook \u2013 soggy rice is grim.\nServe with Greek yogurt and make a salsa by frying off 1 onion, 1 crushed clove of garlic, and then adding in 1 tbsp tomato puree, 1 tin chopped tomatoes, 1/2 tsp cayenne pepper, salt and block pepper", "Can a phone be used to store due to automatic cache data offloading without GPS mapping while tracking miles driven and providing time stamps", "s an Owner Builder you act as your own general contractor, but with our help and guidance. We\u2019ll help you plan the entire home design and construction process and provide you with a step-by-step project management schedule. Then we\u2019ll put you in touch with suppliers, manufacturers, subcontractors and other professionals who have been pre-screened to ensure their professionalism and quality.\nBecoming so deeply involved with the building of your own new home can be a rewarding experience. Not only can you take great pride in the accomplishment, you\u2019ll also save a significant amount of money by managing the process yourself.\nBuild a Beautiful Home with the Top Custom Home Builders in LA\nWhether you choose our project management services or become an Owner Builder, the smart decision is to let Martin Signature Homes help you make the dreams you have for your new home into a beautifully crafted reality! No other custom home builders in Shreveport LA or Bossier City LA can deliver the same quality and value. Contact us today to schedule a convenient time to meet and discuss your plans.\nLouisiana General Contractor License # 881500. Louisiana Home Improvement License # 556058.", "Indochina comprises the territory of Cambodia, Thailand, Laos, Myanmar, Vietnam and the mainland territory of Malaysia. Why Indochina? Because the land is between India and China. It was later on called French Indochina when French colonizers in Vietnam began expanding their colony to neighboring countries. In this 2-week suggested itinerary, you will see most of Indochina\u2019s key attractions. There are of course numerous other destinations in this part of Southeast Asia so you might want to mix and match the suggestions below to create your own itinerary.\nDay by Day Itinerary: Discover Indochina in 2 Weeks \u2013 Cambodia, Thailand and Vietnam\nDay 1: Siem Reap, Cambodia\nAssuming you had to cross an ocean to get to Cambodia, your first day will be rife with jet lag. Take a flight that arrives in Siem Reap International Airport as early as possible and check into your preferred hotel/hostel. Allow yourself to recover in the morning and just spend your time wandering through the streets in the afternoon. You may also arrange your tours for the next two days.\nWhere to stay in Siem Reap:\nShinta Mani Club (Oum Khun Street | 14th Street, Siem Reap, Cambodia)\nGolden Temple Residence (Sok San Road, Steung Thmei | Located in Old Market Areas, Siem Reap, Cambodia)\nShinta Mani Resort (Junction of Oum Khun and 14 Str | Svay Dangkum, Siem Reap 855, Cambodia)\nSokkhak Boutique Resort (Kok Chork Village, Trorpeang Ses Commune, Wat Thmey, Siem Reap 12000, Cambodia)\nSojourn Boutique Villas (Treak Village Rd. | Treak Village, Siem Reap, Cambodia)\nAt night, avail a buffet dinner with Apsara Dance Show. Apsara Dance is a traditional Khmer dance which goes back to the time of King Suryavarman II, the builder of Angkor Wat. After the show, you may wander through Pub Street and try their 1 USD beer. You may also get foot massages and go shopping at the night market before you go back to your hotel/hostel.\nDay 2: Siem Reap, Cambodia\nOn your second day, leave before dawn and wait for the sun of the new day to appear on the horizon in Angkor Wat. Waiting for the sunrise is probably one of the most fascinating experiences you could get in Siem Reap. Spend the entire morning in Angkor Wat and learn about its history. It is recommended to get a tour guide at least for one day so you could learn what the thousands of intricate stone carvings mean. You will learn some interesting facts about the Hindu mythology, Hindu epics, wars and so much more. You will also see hundreds of Apsara stone carvings in Angkor Wat, the same Apsara depicted in the dance show you\u2019ve seen the previous night.\nAt lunch time, ask your tuk-tuk driver or tour guide to take you to a local restaurant serving Amok, a traditional Khmer dish served in a coconut shell. Then continue your tour at Angkor Thom, the fortified city of the last great capital of the Khmer empire. Some of the most significant monuments here are Bayon, Terrace of Elephants and Baphuon. Angkor Thom is much bigger than Angkor Wat that\u2019s why exploring this part could take half a day.\nDay 3: Siem Reap, Cambodia\nStart early and head to Preah Khan, considered as a second city in the Angkorian empire at the time of King Suryavarman II, builder of Angkor Wat. To the eastern side of Preah Khan lies the 3 kilometer long Baray (reservoir), which has the Prasat Preah temple at its center.\nAfter lunch, consider exploring the rest of Angkor Thom. Visit Ta Prohm, a temple located east of Angkor Thom. Unlike the other structures in Angkor, Ta Prohm was maintained in a state of ruin, with trees interlaced among the temples. Apparently, this temple was left in this state so that visitors would see how most of Angkor looked when it was first discovered.\nDay 4: Siem Reap, Cambodia \u2013 Bangkok, Thailand\nThere is currently no direct railway service between Cambodia and Thailand. Although, it\u2019s a lot easier to get to Bangkok from Siem Reap than it was in 2000. To get to Poipet (Cambodia/Thailand border) from Siem Reap, take minivan, bus or a shared taxi. It is recommended to avail a direct bus from Siem Rep to Bangkok so you won\u2019t have to look for another transportation option once you get to the Thai side. Get your passport stamped on the Cambodian side then, proceed to Thai border post to get your Visa on Arrival, have your fingerprints scanned and your passport stamped. Travel time is approximately 5 hours and a one way bus fare is around 29 USD.\nCheck in and relax at your hotel and in the late afternoon, get a tuk-tuk to start your snack tour in Bangkok. Here, you will find some of the most authentic street food in Thailand. Some of the most popular street food dishes you should try are Som Tam (Papaya salad), Pad Thai Kung (Noodles with shrimp), Gai/Moo Bing (Grilled chicken/pork skewers) and Pad Krapao Moo (Stir-fried pork with basil). Street food is found all over Bangkok, but there are several hot spots where you will find an abundance of food to try. Check out Chinatown, Khao San Road, Bang Rak and the Old City.\nWhere to stay in Bangkok:\nMandarin Oriental (48 Oriental Avenue,Charoenkrung)\nThe Peninsula (333 Charoennakorn Road | Khlong San)\nEastin Grand Hotel Sathorn (33/1 South Sathorn Road | Yannawa, Sathon)\nShangri-La Hotel (89 Soi Wat Suan Plu, New Road)\nVIE Hotel \u2013 MGallery Collection (117/39-40 Phaya Thai Rd, Ratchathewi)\nDay 5 to 6: Bangkok, Thailand\nWhile times may have changed and some traditions may have already been touted as pass\u00e9, visitors in Bangkok can still enjoy the country\u2019s innocent charm, rich culture and exquisite food. Bangkok is truly a perfect blend of the traditional and the modern. On day 5 and 6, explore some of the famous attractions of the city like The Grand Palace, Wat Phra Kaew (Temple of the Emerald Buddha) and Wat Arun (Temple of Dawn). You may also go on a day excursion to Ayutthaya (we highly recommend hiring a driver and a tour guide from Tour With Tong. A full day trip to Ayutthaya and a stop at the Elephant Camp costs about 1", "What are some topics covered in the resources related to workplace issues and discrimination described in the text", "e and his friends can attest. Carville's 2013 Hyundai Sonata fell into the pothole in the New Orleans Warehouse District while on the way to a fundraiser.\nAccording to NOLA.com, Carville's friend Federick Bell was driving.\nYeah, it was an experience. Luckily not too much damage was done. -Federick Bell\nThe pothole is located on Girod Street. There are no warning signs or barricades to warn motorists of the hazardous conditions of the road", "Tips On Singing Better Today\nBut it really is amazing and nearly incomprehensible that once relationship in the world means you move past all of the barriers you\u2019ve erected within your heart. So embrace the mystery create your wedding and your marriage rewarding.\nYou can overuse method so don\u2019t hesitate to use it sparingly. In a short time you could annoy her because you are not carrying an enjoyable conversation. It\u2019s most effective when a girl is hitting you with a large quantity of questions.\nBy right overly emotional you can express a person can feel collectively actions instead than your style. This will keep her guessing showcase you much more mysterious.\nTo win this sonic game, nowhere Blur must catch on top of Shadow making Dr. Eggman\u2019s plan of destruction is not fulfilled. The characters in Sonic Adventure 2 are Sonic, Shadow, Miles \u201cTails\u201d Prower, Physician. Robotnik, Knuckles, and Rouge.\nADDICTION: Getting things done is so satisfying, is it? You see something needing done and you\u2019re", "20 USD), declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1991.\nDay 7: Bangkok, Thailand \u2013 Chiang Mai, Thailand\nToday you are heading to Chiang Mai, a city in the mountainous northern Thailand. There are plenty of travel options from Bangkok to Chiang Mai \u2013 bus, overnight train, hiring a car or flying. One-way airfare starts at 23 USD so it is not really worth it taking the train in order to save few bucks. Chiang Mai is known as the center of culture and tourism of Northern Thailand thus it is a bit overrun by tourists. Despite being a bit touristy, it is certainly a good place to stay in which will give you access to off the beaten destinations out of the Old City. Please note, getting to off the beaten sites in Chiang Mai requires wheels of some sort. So if you know how to ride a motorbike then it is a perfect way to explore Chiang Mai!\nWhere to stay in Chiang Mai:\nShangri-La Hotel, Chiang Mai (89/8 Chang Klan Road, Chiang Mai 50100, Thailand)\nPuripunn Baby Grand Boutique Hotel (104/1 Charoen Mueang Soi 2, Charoen Mueang Rd | Wat Gate, Chiang Mai 50000, Thailand)\nU Chiang Mai (70 Ratchadamnoen Road | Si Phum, Chiang Mai 50200, Thailand)\nTamarind Village (50/1 Rajdamnoen Road | Si Phum, Chiang Mai 50200, Thailand)\nRachamankha (6 Rachamanhka 9 | Phra Singh, Chiang Mai 50200, Thailand)\nTo get to Chiang Mai from Bangkok, you can book a direct flight, take an 11 hour bus ride or an overnight train.\nDay 8 to 9: Chiang Mai, Thailand\nThailand is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the World and finding a place away from the crowds can be challenging. Chiang Mai is a place where you\u2019ll definitely experience the laid back life of Thailand and get more of a real feel for Thai culture. Some of the attractions you can explore in this city are Wat Prathat Doi Suthep, Doi Pui, Doi Inthanon, Wat Chedi Luang, Chiang Mai Gate Market and Elephant Nature Park.\nDay 10: Chiang Mai, Thailand \u2013 Hanoi, Vietnam\nTaking a bus from Chiang Mai all the way to Hanoi, Vietnam is highly discouraged. This journey on a not so comfortable bus will take 2 days and will go through Laos. There are currently no direct flights between Chiang Mai and Hanoi, so you have to book a flight from Chiang Mai to Bangkok, then Bangkok to Hanoi (one-way airfare starts at about 80 USD).\nWhere to stay in Hanoi:\nSerene Premier Hotel (10c Yen Thai Str.., Old Quarter | Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi 0084, Vietnam)\nHanoi La Siesta Diamond Hotel & Spa (32 Lo Su Str., Hoan Kiem Dist. | Old Quarter, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam)\nO\u2019Gallery Premier Hotel & Spa (122 Hang Bong Street, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam)\nHanoi Trendy Hotel & Spa (65 Hang Dieu | Hoan Kiem, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam)\nHanoi La Siesta Hotel & Spa (94 Ma May St., Old Quarter | Hoan Kiem Dist., Hanoi 10000, Vietnam)\nDay 11: Hanoi, Vietnam\nOn day 11, start early and eat at one of the sidewalk restaurants in Hanoi\u2019s Old Quarter. Then, make your way to the Temple of Literature. It is one of the oldest sites in Hanoi and was once the site of the Imperial Academy, Vietnam\u2019s first university. Aside from beautiful architecture and artifacts, this is also a perfect place to learn about the Confucian and Chinese roots of Vietnam. A visit to the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum is also a must. This large memorial is dedicated Ho Chi Minh, which contains the embalmed body of the most iconic Vietnamese leader.\nIn the evening, watch the Water Puppet Theater Shows. Not only this a good alternative to shopping and sight-seeing, it will also provide great entertainment as well as an opportunity to learn about this age-old art of North Vietnam. What makes this performance amazing is that it is distinctly Vietnamese \u2013 the ancient legends, folk tales, music and setting.\nDay 12: Hanoi, Vietnam\nEmbark on one of the most interesting day trips out of the city by heading to Halong Bay. It is perhaps the most famous tourist attraction in Hanoi, but it is no wonder why. This picturesque destination is rich with biological and geological diversity enough to be recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994. The best way to explore Ha Long Bay is through boat tours and sea kayak expeditions that will take visitors to thousands of towering limestone islands topped by lush rain forests.\nDay 13: Hanoi, Vietnam\nOn day 13, go on a gastronomic adventure in Hanoi and learn about Vietnamese culture. Stroll through hidden alleyways and bustling markets of Hanoi\u2019s Old Quarter. Here, visitors can sample delicious Vietnamese cuisine and try local specialties with influences from French and Chinese Cuisine. Try Hanoi\u2019s version of Pho, the de facto national dish that originated in North Vietnam. Cafe Sua Dua (Coffee) is another must try which is perfect whether hot or cold.\nDay 14: Hanoi, Vietnam\nToday marks the end of your adventure in Indochina. Taking into consideration that you most likely stayed out rather late the other night, you can start your last day in Hanoi at around 10 to 11 in the morning. If your flight is in the evening or late afternoon, explore the city for other attractions you might have missed. Fit in one last amazing lunch or dinner in the city. You could even squeeze in some souvenir shopping at Hanoi\u2019s Hoan Kiem area (the are is considered Hanoi\u2019s Downtown) before you travel to the airport. Head to the airport in time to check in for your international flight home, or you may opt to continue traveling independently in other parts of Indochina, or extend your stay in Vietnam. The decision is all yours!\nThis is the end of our 2-week suggested itinerary to Indochina. The sequence of activities and attractions above is just a guide and you can definitely change it to suit your interests. Travel to Cambodia, Thailand and Vietnam when you are ready because it is definitely not for everyone. Go with your eyes open and experience the charm of Indochina.\nHave you been anywhere in Indochina? Do you have any tips or suggestions to share? If so, you can leave your comments below.", "What are the concepts of domestication and foreignization in translation, and how do they affect the interpretation of the original text", "Peripheral Vascular Disease\nGould, Rodriguez, Keiser, Sherman, Adkins, Heiledge\nPathogenesis of PVD\n-Male gender or women after menopause\n-Over age 65\n-Increased Low Density Lipoproteins\n-Decreased High Density Lipoproteins\nNon-Traditional Risk Factors\n-Highly-sensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP)\n-Increased serum fibrinogen\n-Measuring the pulses in patients legs and feet- Bruits indicate a narrowed area in the vessel.\n-Doppler ultrasound- This test shows the blood flow in the patients vessels.\n-Ankle-Brachial Index- This is most common. A blood pressure cuff and ultrasound assess blood pressure and flow. Brachial and ankle blood pressure is taken and compared.\n-Pulse volume recording- Checks blood flow in legs. A blood pressure cuff is placed on the patients arm and leg at the same time and a device assess their blood flow.\n-Angiography- A catheter is guided through an artery in the patients groin. It is passed to the targeted area. Contrast dye is injected and an x-ray can identify a clogged artery.\n-Magnetic resonance angiography- This a noninvasive imaging technique that allows doctors to view blood flow and diagnose blockages.\nTreatment of PVD\n- Medication to lower cholesterol- This lowers additional risk factors such as heart attack and stroke by helping get rid of the \"bad\" cholesterol LDL but maintaining HDL.\n- Medication to lower blood pressure- Control systolic blood pressure.\n- Medication to control blood sugar- This is key especially if you are diabetic to keep the sugar in your blood lower.\n- Medication to prevent blood clots- Plavix or aspirin can help lower your risk of blood clots by thining out your blood so that it is easier for blood to reach your extremities.\n- Medication for symptom relief- Plitol can vasodilate vessels to increase blood flow and allow for a larger range for blood to flow, especially if it is thicker or if the walls of the vessel are thicker with plaque and helps with the acutal claudication", "attitude and the outcome tipped any I\u2019ve had. Love the shots\u2026.\u201d \u2014 Rianna Scipio, Hollywood\n\u201cPortia Shao is THE BEST! She has amazing creativity and professionalism,\nand is fun to work with. We had her do our maternity photos and they came out beyond our expectations\u2026 we can\u2019t wait for her to do our newborn ones as well!! We loved every minute of our experience and have been bragging about her to everyone we know! We highly recommend Positive Vista Photography & Art by Portia Shao!\u201d \u2014 Erin and Tony Rhoades, Aptos\n\u201cI have been modeling for 15+ yrs now and have worked with hundreds of photographers. Portia of Positive Vista Photography was someone that stands out as one of my favorites. Her creativity and art direction really help make for a lot of useable photos. What I like most about working with her was the calm atmosphere she presents in her studio. She takes her time and gives each photo her all. She has an excellent eye for photos as well as an amazing lighting set up. If you are looking for some high end, professional photos, this is the person to be connecting\u201d \u2013 Jason Baca\nRead more reviews at the following sites.", "KING KOBRA is busy recording the follow-up to last year's successful self-titled album for an early 2013 release via Frontiers Records.Commented guitarist David Michael-Phillips: \"We\u2019ve got a high-energy combination of the classic KING KOBRA sound mixed with some of our favorite (heavy) influences: LED ZEPPELIN, WHITESNAKE, BLUE MURDER. Cool, heavy grooves, great melodies, soulful lead vocals by Paul Shortino, infectious harmonies and hooks...blazing guitars by yours truly and the thundering rhythm section of Johnny Rod and the legendary Carmine Appice! This is the next natural progression of 'Ready To Strike' and our last, self-titled album, 'King Kobra'.\" Songtitles set to appear on the next KING KOBRA CD include \"In The Night\", \"Feelin' Fine\", \"Take Me Back\", \"Deep River\", \"Got It Comin'\" and \"We Go Round\". Formed in 1984 by legendary drummer Carmine Appice (VANILLA FUDGE, ROD STEWART, OZZY OSBOURNE), Los Angeles heavy metal outfit KING KOBRA recorded two critically acclaimed albums for Capitol Rec", "What are some of the feelings and social connections that community gardens can foster, as highlighted in the text", "What lesson did the narrator learn from the accident regarding safety and communication in a vehicle", "What is the capacity range and temperature range for the described item", "presentative at the completion and approval of every three chapters of the project. Each invoice will include approximately 25% of the total cost, and the total amount paid per invoice will be deducted from the final cost of the completed project. The Client agrees that all payment will be in the form of electronic funds transfer, and the full amount of each invoice will be provided within 15 business days of the date of the invoice. Invoices paid in excess of 20 business days of the invoice will be assessed an additional 10% late fee for every thirty days outstanding. No refunds on received and verified payments will be provided. In addition, the Writer understands that no additional financial or material considerations, or assurances of further employment will be offered to the Writer once the final payment is received.\nSchedule of payment\nThis is where you describe when you are going to provide the service or product that the client has agreed to pay you for. Once again, it is important to be specific. One trick I\u2019ve learned is to figure out how long it would take you to complete the project and then triple that amount. It\u2019s a good way to make sure you have the scheduling cushion that you need.\nWhat should happen if things go wrong?\nThis is one of the most important parts of the contract. Things will go wrong with a client. When it does, it pays to have how it will be handled described specifically.\nIn most cases there are three ways to deal with a problem: litigation, dissolution and arbitration.\n- Litigation means that one party takes the other party to court.\n- Arbitration means that a third party mediator is utilized to negotiate a compromised between the interested parties.\n- Dissolution means that the parties walk away from the contract, and agree to pay for services rendered and to keep confidentiality.\nHere are two examples: one of dissolution, and arbitration\u2014my two preferred methods.\nCancellation of Contract:\nThe Client shall have, at his discretion, the opportunity to dissolve the contract at any time with 15 days notice, and will be obligated to pay any outstanding invoices within 15 days of the invoice date or the date of the effective dissolution date, whichever is earlier. All copyrights, usage rights, and publication rights to work competed but not approved and invoiced will be retained by the Writer until payment or other consideration for said product or service is provided by the Client.\nAll claims and disputes arising under or relating to this contract are to be settled by a binding arbitration in the state of Illinois, United States. An award of arbitration may be confirmed in a court of competent jurisdiction.\nIf you choose arbitration, make sure you and the client agree upon the state. Sometime it\u2019s your state, sometimes it is not, so be prepared to travel if necessary.\nA contract for a freelance project can be as complicated or as simple as you want. Beyond having an attorney give your contract a once over\u2014which I highly recommend, other great resources include the American Bar Association and Nolo-Law.\nAbout the author:\nBorn just outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania to an industrious lower middle class family, Laura Seeber has been putting pen to paper or fingers to keyboard for most of her life. It was quite by accident that she discovered in 2004 that her love of writing and telling stories could be transformed into a way to make a living.\nBeyond establishing herself as a talented and versatile ghostwriter and writer and owner of The Writer\u2019s Thread, Laura also owns an environmental company and lives with her husband Michael in the state of Illinois.", "What are the six criteria that a freelance contract must meet according to United States legal system", "What happened to Carville's Hyundai Sonata in the New Orleans Warehouse District", "What are some creative uses for the novelty device mentioned in the text", "solar technology.\nAVA Mini Grid Project commissioned 594 pieces of solar panels with financial initiative of Infrastructure Development Company Limited (IDCOL) providing power supply to six villages, scattered from the main land by the Padma River.\n\u201cWe have started the solar panel and supply line installation works with an estimated cost of around Taka 10 crore on November 6, 2015,\u201d said Engineer Millat Hossain, Plant Manager of the project. At present, the panels are generating 148.5 kilowatts electricity and the villages are getting power through the distribution line.\nEngineer Hossain said the villagers are enjoying the power supply facilities through prepaid card system and all them are happy. UP chairman Sanaullah said IDCOL has brought solar home systems to his villagers.\nThe small solar panels provide enough electricity to charge a phone, run a fan, turn on a light or a TV for the evening hours. Often, in fact, these solar panels perform better than the country\u2019s electric grid, despite their shortcomings.\nHe added that the ability of households to earn an income from their solar systems through the nanogrid opens up innovative business possibilities.\nFor instance, households could reinvest their profits from solar energy trading to upgrade their solar technology to generate even more electricity and thus, profit.\nOvernight, simple solar users are turned into smart entrepreneurs earning money real-time once their solar systems start producing a surplus of solar electricity", "Below are groups and resources (books, articles, websites, etc.) related to this topic. Click on an item\u2019s title to go its resource page with author, publisher, description/abstract and other details, a link to the full text if available, as well as links to related topics in the Subject Index. You can also browse the Title, Author, Subject, Chronological, Dewey, LoC, and Format indexes, or use the Search box.\nAngels of the Workplace: Women and the Construction of Gender Relations in the Canadian Clothing Industry, 1890-1940\nExamines how the intricate weaving together of the meanings of class, gender, ethnicity, family, and the workplace created a job ghetto for women. Detailing the disparities between men and women in te...\nClass, Gender, and Region: Essays in Canadian Historical Sociology\nKealey, Gregory S.\nThis is reprinted from The Canadian Journal of Sociology. It is a collection of new work by historians and sociologists from across Canada.\nCombatting Racism in the Workplace: A Course for Workers\nThomas, Barb; Novogrodsky, Charles\nWith the ultimate aim of combatting racism within the labour movement, the Cross Cultural Communication Centre, under the auspices of the Humber Collage for Labour Studies, ran a ten-week, 30 hour pil...\nConnexions: Volume 4, Number 3 - May 1979 - Immigration\nSerial Publication (Periodical)\nConnexions Library: Race, Racism, Ethnicity, Multiculturalism Focus\nSelected articles, books, websites and other resources on race, racism, ethnicity, multiculturalism, identity.\nDavid Roediger's Working Toward Whiteness: Against The Current vol. 125\nPoitevin, Ren\u00e9 Francisco\nA disturbing aftermath of the pro-immigrant demonstrations recently held in dozens of cities across the United States, besides the obvious anti-immigrant backlash, has been the increase in Black/Brown...\nEthnicity and Politics in South Africa\nGatekeepers: Reshaping Immigrant Lives in Cold War Canada\nThe History of Costa Rica\nMolina, Ivan; Palmer, Steven\nAn overview of Costa Rican history with an emphasis on how Costa Ricans have been able to make their own history, \"though they do not make", "What are the current trends in long and short term contracts in relation to LNG spot prices and how are pricing disputes managed through international arbitration", "The MGM Grande in Las Vagas 2009, Filipino Manny Pacquiao destroys Miguel Cotto and becomes the first man in history to win seven world titles in seven different boxing divisions. Few would have imagined that this former run away would one day emerge as the greatest fighter of his generation, even Thai magazine named him as one of the worlds most influential people and called his s", "What aspects of Manny Pacquiao's life does the film explore", "- Property Type:Single Family\n- School System:New Castle Community\n- Lot Size:N/A\n- Sq. Feet:1580\n- Year Built:1943\nThe property located at 1836 Morton Street New Castle, IN 47362 is a Single Family prope", "Looking for a photographer in Santa Cruz?\nYou have come to the right place if you want a professional portrait photographer!\nPortrait Photography studio in Santa Cruz specializing in portraits of\n- Headshot for business, you want to look your best on your web site!\n- Your family portrait\n- Pet photography, not limited to dogs, cats, rabbits, chickens or even a rat\n- Maternity, belly shots, newborn babies\n- Women\u2019s glamour, beauty, boudoir portraits\n- Enchanted, fantasy portraiture for children and adults who want a unique portrait of themselves as a mermaid, a princess, a pirate, a knight or a king!\n- High school senior portraits, proms, Quincea\u00f1era, graduation, to mark a special moment of your life\n- Special art projects, occasions of family reunions, birthdays, anniversaries\n- And more\u2026\nWhat clients have said about Positive Vista Photography & Art, read more online\n\u201cMy session with Positive Vista was just that\u2026totally positive from start to finish. I am a television broadcaster from London who wanted to get some shots done before I moved to LA. Didn\u2019t hold much hope when I wandered into this local photographer\u2019s but her", "shifted between long and short term contracts and how is the LNG spot price developing?\n- International arbitration \u2013 how are pricing disputes being resolved what is the current benchmark price?\n- Price review clauses \u2013 what are the roles of the S curve, price formulae and the impact of the crude price", "g to Olga Castro and Emek Ergun, authors of the influential 2017 book, Feminist Translation Studies: Local and Transnational Perspectives, \u201cFeminist translation could be defined as any conscious discursive intervention that seeks to contribute, through translation, to global social justice.\u201d Feminist translation encompasses both the micro and macro processes, from ensuring that the choice of words is inclusive, especially when translating gendered languages such as French and Spanish, to highlighting broader political themes, such as making a conscious decision to translate certain texts in order to make them accessible to a new portion of the world\u2019s readers.\nOne such example cited in Castro and Ergun\u2019s book is Donne \u00e8 bello, a collection of essays translated from English to Italian by the Milanese feminist group, the Anabasi. The collection includes Italian translations of American feminist texts from multiple different sources, strategically compiled in one volume curated for Italian readers. As a result, the Anabasi were able to transport feminist ideas from the US to Italy and present them in one accessible document, with the hope of inspiring more people to join their movement.\nSkopos theory concerns itself with the concept of \u201cskopos\u201d in the act of translation. A Greek word first employed in a translating context by Hans Vermeer in an article in 1978 \u2013 who had been strongly influenced by the work of Katharina Reiss \u2013 it refers to the concept of the \u201cpurpose\u201d which lies behind any exercise in translation. A manual for a tumble-dryer is translated with the communicative purpose of instructing the reader how to operate the machinery, for example.\nThis skopos of instruction therefore determines the decisions undertaken by the translator in the process of translation. As a translation tool, this is particularly helpful for the way it moved translation theory away from the existing paradigmatic binary of word-for-word translations vs. sense-for-sense translation.\nSkopos theory lends itself to a variety of potential uses, both within the literary world and beyond, and its focus on communicative purpose has made it specifically relevant to Bible translation. The Bible has a variety of potential purposes with a wide range of audiences: the skopos of one translation of the Bible may aim to introduce its content to young children, while another may be intended for rigorous academic study. An approach in which the target text is determined by the skopos therefore allows for a more appropriate translation, if somewhat less loyal to the source text.", "What are some of the heavy influences praised by guitarist David Michael-Phillips in the upcoming KING KOBRA album", "Nobody is Better at Custom Home Building in LA\nIf you are seeking to create a custom built home in Shreveport or Bossier City your best choice for quality, value and craftsmanship is Martin Signature Homes. We\u2019ve helped hundreds of our neighbors to make their dreams come true with a fully customized home that is designed and built to meet your needs and your personal style.\nFull Custom Home Building Services\nMartin Signature Homes is much more than just a construction company. We offer complete project design and management services to help you take the vision you have for your new home and turn it into a fully realized reality. Our team has decades of experience in designing, building and finishing custom homes. We\u2019ll be your representative throughout the entire process, from site selection and home design, through site preparation and construction, right through finishing and landscaping, and \u2013 finally \u2013 turning over the keys to your new home!\nBe Your Own Builder with Our Help\nIf you are eager to become more fully involved in building your new home, while saving a significant amount of money, our innovative \u201cOwner Builder\u201d program may be an excellent option for you. A", "RAJSHAHI, Sept 3, 2018 (BSS)- Solar power has brought a social change in many hard-to-reach villages under Char Ashariadaha Union Parishad (UP) in Godagari Upazila of the district.\nAlthough having the problems of food and healthcare services the villages have become enlightened with uninterrupted electricity generated from solar panel. The power also brings many positive changes to living and livelihood condition of the villagers in many ways.\nTalking to BSS, solar power user Rahmat Ali of Char Bhubanppara said he could not even think about electricity an era ago though it has become a reality as the villagers there can avail of this facility.\nUP Chairman Md Sanaullah told BSS that around 30,000 people live in the villages and 13,000 of them in six villages got the power supply connections. The beneficiary villages are: Ashariadaha, Panipar, Bhubanpara, Kanpara, Hanumantanagar and Nawshera.\nHe said the char villagers and owners of the solar power units neither suffer from low-voltage nor load shedding and some of them are crushing paddy at nights using electricity from solar plants.\n\u201cThe char people are watching television programmes to become aware of drugs, child marriage, malnutrition and dowry and using fans, bulbs and refrigerators, charging mobile phone sets, operating computers and doing other daily jobs,\u201d Sanaullah added. Housewives Monwara Begum of village Char Nawshera and Anjuara Khaatun of Char Hanumantanagar said they are getting uninterrupted supply of power using", "U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday that the United States has begun discussing with its allies methods of \"pressure and sanctions\" to take on Iran over the latter's contentious nuclear program, emphasizing that the goal was to stop the Islamic regime without harming innocent civilians.\n\"We have begun discussions with our partners and like-minded nations about pressure and sanctions,\" said Clinton.\n\"Our goal is to pressure the Iranian government, particularly the Revolutionary Guard elements without contributing to the suffering of ordinary [Iranians] who deserve better than what they are currently receiving,\" she added.\nA State Department official said that the goal was to keep the \"door to dialogue\" open, but added that the U.S. \"would not wait forever.\"\n\"We have avoided using the term \"deadline\" ourselves, since we have made clear that the door to dialogue will remain open,\" said the official. \"But we have also made clear that we will not wait forever, and discussions on pressure and sanctions with our international partners have already begun.\"\nReiterating Clinton's remarks, the official said: It's not appropriate to comment on the details of those discussions, except to say that our objective is to pressure the Iranian government without contributing to the suffering of ordinary Iranian citizens.\"\nAccording to the officia", "l, the U.S. was growing wary of Iran's continued defiance of international demands, which he said had contributed to the recent discussion with its allies.\n\"The results of our efforts to engage the Iranians directly have not been encouraging. And we remain disappointed at Iran's non-response to a proposal for the Tehran Research Reactor,\" said the official.\n\"The Iranian government essentially announced a deadline to receive a positive response to their unacceptable counter-offer,\" he added, referring to the West's offer to export uranium enrichment off Iranian territory. \"This sort of behavior only increases our concerns and those of others in the international community, about Iran?s intentions.\"\nThe official said that the U.S. and its allies remained committed to the Iranian opposition's efforts to reform the Islamic system, amid a violent crackdown which has left dozens of demonstrators dead and hundreds more arrested.\n\"Iran is going through a turbulent period. Even as we seek to address our concerns about Iran's nuclear program, including through offers of direct dialogue, we stand firmly with those in Iran who are peacefully demanding their universal rights to assemble, to speak publicly, and seek decent treatment from their government,\" he said.\nWant to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe todaySubscribe now", "What challenges did the Uruguayan citrus sector face in gaining access to the U.S. market in 2013", "eight meters long, maximum weight per location being 3.5 tonnes each.\nOur customers have benefitted from the installation of KASTO and along with the implementation of our new machine shop and despatch Bay, all orders from stock can now be same-day picked and despatched if received before 11am, orders requiring cutting received before 2pm are guaranteed despatch the day after. Continual investment into our dedicated machining department has meant we can provide an efficient value added machined alternative on short lead times", "What striking feature does the Illusion lamp have that allows it to create an optical effect on viewers", "dance will become our pattern distributor, paper patterns will be sold exclusively through stockists.\nOur fabrics are licenced to and produced by Riley Blake. To make a wholesale enquiry or to locate the distributor of Riley Blake fabric is in your country, please visit the Riley Blake Designs website.\nThe Australian distributor for Riley Blake fabrics is Millhouse Collection", "By Toby Smollett and Kate Williams\nTranslators are constantly making conscious choices in their work. As we discussed in the previous issue, translation might even be considered adaptation, and can go as far as rewriting the original text to expose different messages and themes, or to put forward a political message. In this article, we discuss some theoretical translation techniques which translators may draw upon when making these choices, using examples which show these theories in action.\nDomestication and Foreignization\nLawrence Venuti coined the terms \"domestication\" and \"foreignization\" in his book, The Translator\u2019s Invisibility. In brief, a domestication changes cultural elements in the source text to assimilate to the target culture, creating a more comfortable reading experience in translation. Conversely, a foreignized translation retains these original cultural characteristics, and while this may require the reader to work harder to understand the text, it is a less intrusive method which provides an opportunity to learn about other cultures and perspectives.\nIn literary translation, the most common is foreignization, as faithfulness to the original text is highly valued and domestication risks belittling the source culture by \u201cwesternising\u201d it. One example of foreignization is Takemori\u2019s translation of the Japanese novel, Convenience Store Woman. In a 2018 interview, the translator discusses her choice of the somewhat archaic phrase \u201cThank you for your custom,\u201d which the main character repeats frequently. Instead of seeking an alternative, she uses this phrase to \u201ccreate a formulaic-sounding language to roughly approximate the manual-dictated customer service language (baito keigo as it\u2019s known in Japanese) in which there is really no equivalent for in English.\u201d While the wording of this sentence may sound unusual to a native English speaker, the translator emphasises a cultural feature through her choice of words.\nDomestication is also used in some situations. In David Hawkes\u2019 translation of the Chinese novel, Hou Lou Meng, he removes references to the colour red, a colour associated with violence and blood in the Western world, which the translator felt would hinder his ability to convey the original spirit of the novel. Therefore, red is frequently replaced with green in the translation, and even the title, which translates literally as \"A Dream of Red Mansions,\" becomes The Story of the Stone in English.\nFeminist translation is a translation practice that first emerged in Quebec, Canada, towards the end of the 1970s. Accordin", "What does the text suggest about how to engage in a rewarding conversation with someone", "doing so. Ah, the sweet victory of being successful. You get to check it off your database. From the very large to really first small, all of it feels good, so good it seems we became addicted.\nAllot of guys are intimidated by woman\u2019s visual appearance. Ancientkeris There hands are shaky and they can\u2019t even eye contact is key with your girl. They are afraid to flirt with him or her.\nIf he is doing not know everything about you, he is bound to work as curious about you. You will notice that he is asking everyone about a person will. He will want recognize if you might be dating anyone, where you stay, avert do and how interested tend to be in them! This is a wonderful way to aid him guessing and looking for you.\nFall is the time of The twilight series. Twilight is a time of day when we are able to look at one another and see past top. Twilight is a time of sharing and story saying. Twilight is a wonderful time to obtain married, specially in the fall, once the sky colors are often so exceptional.", "We provide customers with access to one of the largest range of steel products in Europe and the reassurance of working with a quality assured, service-driven organisation. All high-performance tool-steel stocks are held by our award winning, purpose-built warehouse facility, located at our Headquarters in Oldbury, West Midlands.\nOur fully automated storage and retrieval system, KASTO can store over 8,300 tonnes of material at one time and contains 2,377 travelling cassettes capable of holding steel bars, plate and tubes up to", "What are some reasons photographers use composite photography as mentioned in the text", ": The Adventure Pals, Space Cows, Ava Airborne, Steel Rats, and Shift Quantum.\nEGX Rezzed is a smaller event compared to EGX, with a strong focus on indie titles. It features many of the same attractions as EGX such as playable, pre-release games on both PC and console, developer sessions by well known game designers and the opportunity to chat with developers on the show floor.\nEGZ Rezzed 2018 takes place April 13-15 at Tobacco Dock, London. Multi-day and specific day tickets are on sale now."]}