{"q_indices": [40, 4, 98, 85, 43, 50, 32, 20, 62, 111, 49, 65, 79, 29, 19, 104, 51, 39, 10, 71, 15, 23, 0, 25, 21, 59, 74, 44, 117, 33, 123, 60, 81, 24, 6, 47, 118, 95, 34, 56, 3, 124, 99, 18, 53, 70, 17, 1, 116, 102, 115, 41, 120, 7, 88, 77, 58, 93, 67, 2, 36, 73, 30, 105], "a_indices": [86, 31, 63, 42, 109, 82, 76, 66, 113, 64, 37, 11, 92, 100, 75, 108, 13, 101, 61, 107, 114, 83, 28, 91, 87, 45, 106, 110, 27, 5, 122, 35, 127, 97, 69, 55, 78, 8, 103, 112, 90, 119, 72, 48, 126, 9, 46, 14, 54, 94, 26, 89, 84, 12, 22, 68, 52, 125, 80, 121, 57, 38, 96, 16], "texts": ["What task has Apsalar been given involving a list of targets", "How has Compex positively impacted your training and performance", "What are some significant elements found in the corpus of inscriptions from Yemeni museums mentioned in the text", "What common objects are associated with Christmas as mentioned in the text", "Who designed the knife mentioned in the text", "it failed the test.\nIf you are not using a NVIDIA firewall, or you've tried disabling the firewall program but error 1006 is still happening when installing Avast, use another computer to download Avast. useful reference Because of the shortcomings of the Windows Disk Cleanup (cleanmgr) tool, we highly recommend using a specialized hard drive cleanup / privacy protection software such as WinSweeper (Developed by Microsoft Gold This step is your final option in trying to resolve your Error 1006 (000003EE) issue. If you would like to learn more about manual registry editing, please see the links below.\nBut she said all she did was click the exe I had been trying in the past and it worked. Avast! Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS MenuExperts Exchange Browse BackBrowse Topics Open Questions Open Projects Solutions Members Articles Videos Contribute Products BackProducts Gigs Live Careers Vendor Services Groups http://ddcomputing.com/avast-error/avast-error-90.php Thanks!\nJoin our community for more solutions or to ask questions. Tried it again today and it worked!! Flag Permalink This was helpful (0) Collapse - Update download corrupted by laskak / May 6, 2009 4:16 PM PDT In reply to: Try downloading it again or...\nDO NOT hit ENTER yet! Even if you are experienced at finding, downloading, and manually updating drivers, the process can still be very time consuming and extremely irritating. Browse Errors in Alphabetical Order: # A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Click Control Panel.\nIf you prefer to use Avast as antivirus protection, you must remove existing antivirus software from other vendors before trying to install Avast.Avast Error 1006 (000003EE) Corrupt FileWhen the installer of Furthermore, a clean install of Windows will also quickly clean out any and all \"junk\" that has accumulated over the normal usage of your computer. Thanking you fairweather fairweather View Public Profile Find all posts by fairweather #2 July 3rd, 2010, 12:24 PM TechieTipsInc New Member Join Date: Jul 2010 Posts: 9 Hello, get redirected here http://support.avast.com/index.php?_m=knowledgebase&_a=viewarticle&kbarticleid=162&nav=0,1,20 Thanks Glenn 0 LVL 1 Overall: Level 1 Message Expert Comment by:adamwitherspoon2008-10-05 Nothing wrong with Avast, but have you considered avg?\nScan the computer using on-demand scanner such as Ad-Aware, Emsisoft, MBAM, SUPERAntiSpyware, Spybot-S&D or Windows Defender, or simply run an online virus scan. \u00b7 actions \u00b7 2013-Apr-26 4:08 pm \u00b7 norwegianPremium It isnt much, only a 1gig processor.I installed XP Pro Corporate on it.This person wont do much on it but search news, probably a video here and there...etc.I want her to Join the community of 500,000 technology professionals and ask your questions. Software:Avast", "What does former police officer Rick Dalton say about the stance of a serving officer on cannabis legalization", "What is suggested as the reason that Georgia does not receive favorable treatment in college sports", "es include a spa, pool and exercise room, as well as a children\u2019s club. Guests will also enjoy the signature St. Regis Butler Service, providing anticipatory service and customising each guest\u2019s stay to specific tastes and preferences.\nThe project will also feature 50 unparalleled St. Regis-branded Residences at The St. Regis Astana, which will come with a private entrance. Featuring two, three or four bedrooms, the luxurious 250-square-metre apartments will be adjacent to the hotel and residents will enjoy access to the services and amenities at The St. Regis Astana.\nCurrently, Starwood operates five hotels in the CIS under three of its distinctive lifestyle brands, including The Luxury Collection, W and Sheraton. Starwood is expanding its presence across the region with 11 new hotels expected to open by the end of 2017. These include Four Points by Sheraton hotels in Kaluga, Krasnodar and Moscow Vnukovo Airport, as well as Sheraton Rostov-on-Don and Aloft St. Petersburg in Russia; as well as Sheraton Dushanbe in Tajikistan.", "andard 6% Acryl etc. Short runs will take\ntwo hours at about 50V/cm (2300 V). The recommended speed in the Red\nBook is 70 V/cm, but they get very hot at this voltage.\nDoes anybody know how to overcome this problem?\nThanks in advance\nDr. Marcos Egea Cortines\nIsrael Institute of Technology\nDept. of Biology 32000 Haifa\nMore information about the Plantbi", "Who will be representing TSG Consulting at the Biostimulants World Congress", "e weapon that is perfect for you is one of the big draws of the AR platform and will continue to be for a long time to come. If you are unsure if it is Mil-Spec then ask the seller questions, if they do not know then take the time to research it on the web. It is important to know what you are buying.\nThe next section that I want to touch on is the sighting system you plan to use. Are you going to use iron sights or optics? If you are going to use optics, then there are a few things to know before you layout your hard earned money. Again, we need to go back to what the weapon is intended to be used for. If you are using it for self-defense, then iron sights should be all you need. Heck, if they are close enough, you could just point it at them and probably get the job done. There is no point in wasting your money on fancy optics if you are only going to be using it in close quarters situations. Now, on to optics\u2026 the ugly truth is that all of those cheap optics and scopes on the market are just junk and you would be better not to waste your money on them. If you can\u2019t afford a good set then use the iron sights until you can afford to get a good one. Think about this, the optics are the interface between you and the weapon. If it fails, you fail and if old man Murphy has anything to say about it, it will fail at the worst possible time! Do not risk your life or that once in a lifetime shot on a cheap piece of junk. Make it a point to get you a good one. If you are looking to be shooting, in the 1 to 200 yard range, then you will want an optic (or scope) that has something like a 1 to 4 zoom on it to help you make those long shots while still allowing you to make the close ones as well. If however you are going after those really long shots that are 2 to 700 yards then you will want something that can bring those really hard shots into focus with maybe a 4+ zoom and a wide aperture. After all, you can\u2019t shoot what you can\u2019t see.\nWhen you go to buy your first AR weapon, try to bring along someone who has one and knows what to look for. You will be glad you did. These are just a few of the things to look for and as I can put together more information for you I will be adding new articles on this subject. Let me say again, that this is just my opinion and others may vary. In any case do your homework and learn as much about the AR platform and brands as you can. One of my favorite websites on this subject is www.AR15.com. It is a really great site and has a forum of experienced users to answer any question that you might have. Just remember that just because someone says they are an expert, it doesn\u2019t mean that they are. Look for trends. If someone says that something is good and a lot of people agree than it is probably a safe bet that they are, and I would question if a single person says something is good and the others disagree. Like I said, look for trends and patterns on what is good and bad. Most of these folks will be more than glad to answer your questions and help you along your way.\nWell, that is it for today, and I hope I may have passed along a little information that you can use when you set out to purchase your first AR rifle. Until next time, keep on prepping", "all over this at Bama. As long as you field a team with a chance to win the SEC, and/or the BCS, you will be given a pass. Officials will give you every questionable call, you can pay potential players fathers, and you can change grades willy nilly. There are two sets of rules in the SEC and the NCAA. Win at any cost and you will be afforded special consideration, be average or worse and you will be fodder for the winners.\n\u201cAs long as you field a team with a chance to win the SEC, and/or the BCS, you will be given a pass\u201d\nMust be the reason UGA does not get a pass these days.\nThe biggest problem here is the NCAA hanging the Death Penalty over the heads of Bama. Unless they intend to use it, I dont think they will, they have set themselves up as a paper tiger. Which, with all the other lame enforcement actions they have had this year, pretty much sets the NCAA up with no teeth\u2026unless your program isn\u2019t in the BCS hunt.\nWith each additional commit Saban gets this year, another unsuspecting young adult gets kicked out of school, pressured to transfer, grayshirted, etc.\nSo glad the University of Georgia is shackled to such people.\nThe SEC motto is after all \u201cIF you ain\u2019t cheating you ain\u2019t trying.\u201d Too bad Mark never learned this at FSU.\nThe point is that it ain\u2019t cheating, at least not to the NCAA. I actually agree with CMR that the practice is reprehensible but , while Bama started it, everybody else in the conference now is doing it, too. The problem is, like the old joke, if you \u201cbring a knife to a gun fight \u201c\u2026\u2026.\nNot qualifying academically at Alabama is like Head Start saying no to a 4yr old from the projects.\nSubscribe in a reader", "Originally Posted by bigredcup2004\nI have a 2000 ford focus with a serious vibration problem. The passenger side motor mount is definitely bad.\nThe OEM motor mount from a dealer is $107. However there are a lot of aftermarket motor mounts on the web for anywhere between $25 to $", "orite program and why?\nHow has Compex helped your training?\nI've not needed massage for over 2 years since I've started using Compex and also remained injury free for the first time in my career. The compex and its large variety of functions has allowed me to function at my optimum much more often.\nHow did you enter into the triathlon world?\nI was living in LA and wanted to compete at something. I'd heard about the Oceanside 70.3 and what an amazing event it was so figured if go and give it go. I absolutely loved it, was instantly addicted, and the rest as they say is history.\nWhen did you know you were ready to compete in IRONMAN?\nI don't know if you ever know that your ready to compete in an ironman, at some point you've just got to take the plunge. Jump and the net will appear as they say.", "What clothing style does the text suggest may help gain entry to certain bars in Berlin", "ncy. We use these 5 steps of success, which have been proven to give splendid results.\nWe concentrate on bringing your visions to life. Our elite team of professional web designers, make sure that there are no flaws in your website\u2019s layout and functionality. We embed every latest feature which any business can think of. The designing process includes content creations, that will work to engage your targeted audience.\nGet in Touch\nCompleted projects to the end by our specialists.\nA large team of the best digital marketing specialists.\nCustomers who were satisfied with our work.\nOur values are good organisation and result orientation.", "What significant events did Cameron Wurf participate in before his professional triathlon debut", "What is the effect of using different Match_types in the MATCH function in Excel", "What does the map created by 'Would I Survive a Nuke'.com show regarding potential nuclear conflicts", "What are the requirements for UC admission regarding essay prompts and standardized tests", "What skills or outcomes will participants achieve by the end of the acting course", "The editors' question was specific to how the Department of Justice would interpret Robert Lewis Dear's assault and murders, but it mirrored the debate that springs up immediately after these events about what constitutes a terrorist act vs. other forms of violence. Terrorism is generally defined as a tactic using violence or the threat of violence to inspire fear in pursuit of a political goal.\nThe question raised by the editors points to the difficulty--and in their view the importance--of how we label incidents like this. Because of the prominence of Planned Parenthood as a political issue raised by Republicans over the past several months, people quickly looked to see how the Republican presidential candidates would respond to the question the editors raised. Mike Huckabee, a candidate with impeccable anti-abortion credentials who won the Iowa caucuses in 2008, held down the straightforward, call-a-spade-a-spade, end of the spectrum when he declared that Dear's action was domestic terrorism. Carly Fiorina and Ted Cruz hunkered down at the other end of the spectrum. Cruz took pains to suggest all manner of alternative explanations for why Dear did what he did--most remarkable of which was that Dear may be a transgendered leftist activist--in a strikingly defensive effort to deflect any culpability from his own anti-Planned Parenthood vitriol of the past few months. The queen of anti-Planned Parenthood vitriol, Carly Fiorina, launched a leftists-at-the-gates counter offensive.\nNewspaper editors know better than most--their jobs are literally about parsing words and meaning after all--that terrorism is a highly subjective term. The use of the term terrorist today cannot be divorced from the language of the global war on terrorism (GWOT) declared by the United States in the wake of the 9/11 attacks. One of the consequences of the GWOT is that it has provided a vocabulary that has come to be used by governments across the globe to label one's opponents in morally absolute terms, and in turn for sanctioning all manner of state action against them. Vladimir Putin rose quickly to our defense after the 9/11 attacks, as he saw in our determination to go to war half-way around the world under the banner of the GWOT a post-hoc justification for his own wars against Chechen separatists.\nThere are myriad other examples of how the language of terrorism has since been used. Bashir al-Assad used the language of terrorism in the early days of civil protests against his regime, as he quickly labeled real and manufactured events as the work of terrorists to justify the tenor of the regime's own violent assault against its own people. China has used the language of the GWOT to justify its suppression of Muslim Uighurs in Xinjiang and Buddhists in Tibet. In Myanmar, the Buddhist majority and Muslim minority has struggled for the linguistic upper hand, as each has labeled the other side as the terrorists. Terrorism is both a tactic utilized against a state or other more powerful adversary, and a propaganda tool, in the GWOT context, used by those in power for the labeling of their enemy and the justification for means used to defeat it.\nEach of these circumstances suggests the subjective nature of the terrorist label. Terrorism is what we call what the other guys do--the bad guys. That suggests why Ted Cruz cannot allow the murders in Colorado to be labeled an act of terrorism. While Robert Lewis Dear may (or may not) have been inspired by Cruz's history of vitriolic attacks on the evils of Planned Parenthood, Ted Cruz does not view his own rhetoric as extreme. To Ted Cruz, the other guys are the extremists, while he is a strict constitutionalist advocating for what he believes would be the mainstream of American thought if America had not deviated from its founding principles.\nWhen Ted Cruz advocated admitting Syrian Christian refugees into the United States, because \"there is no meaningful risk of Christians committing acts of terror,\" he was not denying that Christians--notably anti-abortion activists wi", "What areas in Berlin are considered to be popular among locals instead of tourist hotspots", "What is included for the price of $400", "What is Leoman's knowledge regarding Dassem Ultor, and how does it connect to the ongoing events in the narrative", "Close of play tomorrow is another deadline for objections and we urge those who have not objected and feel they want to, do it today or before 17:00 tomorrow. The planning team should accept objections up to the committee date but the 23rd is another admin point, they will acknowledge your objection.\n- Be objective not subjective or it will be disregarded.\n- Stick to planning issues, not views and depreciation.\n- Evidence based objections are useful so back up your facts.\nThere is a small number of residents who have expressed interest in presenting at the planning committee hearing. We need to coordinate that response, if you wish to present to the committee then please contact us on email@example.com we can then coordinate our objection", "Generated Sat, 01 Oct 2016 20:02:25 GMT by s_hv999 (squid/3.5.20) The best part is that repairing registry errors can also dramatically improve system speed and performance. Recommendation: Scan your PC for computer errors. Free Antivirus Error 1006 (000003EE) Error Number: Error 1006 (000003EE) Error Name:Avast! navigate to this website\nFree Antivirus) under the list of Currently Installed Programs. Click Control Panel on the right side menu. Chances are that you will find that a great many Anti-virus sites are re-directed. by Grif Thomas Forum moderator / May 7, 2009 1:08 AM PDT In reply to: Update download corrupted Here's the link..\nTechieTipsInc View Public Profile Find all posts by TechieTipsInc #3 July 8th, 2010, 11:25 AM fairweather Member Join Date: Jan 2003 Posts: 94 Techie TipsInc Hi thanks for To solve the problem, you have to reboot the computer to safe mode to try removing the failed or damaged installation of Avast. ActiveArmor Firewall by NVIDA is known to have issues when downloading Avast installer and the suggestion of Avast support is to remove the NVIDIA firewall. Type \"cleanmgr\" and hit ENTER.\nEverything seems to be alright.Best regards, HermieCan you please tell us what you did to fix your problem so others can benefit. and use AVG Anti-virusNO...........don't ever install that POC AVG.Did you try installing in safe-mode? \u00b7 actions \u00b7 2013-Apr-26 11:21 am \u00b7 jaykaykay4 Ever YoungMVMjoin:2000-04-13USAkudos:24\u00b7Cox HSI jaykaykay to Robotics MVM 2013-Apr-26 4:08 This can potentially help you avoid hours of troubleshooting headaches associated with 1006 (000003EE) errors. If you tried downloading the installer again and you continue to receive the same error code, the possible solution is to try downloading the setup file from other alternative download server\nFind out how to deal with installation issues of Avast antivirus.slide 1 of 5What to Do If Avast Antivirus Won't Install?Avast! You will be prompted with a permission dialog box. This will definitely solve 1006(000003EE) error. Investigating a leak [HomeImprovement] by IowaCowboy225.\nDialog text: An error 1006 (000003EE) has occured. Thanks to anyone who can help as this is driving me to distraction!! Follow the on-screen directions to complete the uninstallation of your Error 1006 (000003EE)-associated program. Click Yes.\nThe next steps in manually editing your registry will not be discussed in this article due to the high risk of damaging your system. Instructions for Windows 7 and Windows Vista: Open Programs and Features by clicking the Start button. HELP please!thanks Flag Permalink This was helpful (0) Back to Computer Help forum 14 total posts Popular Forums icon Computer Help 51,912 discussions icon Computer Newbies 10,498 discussions icon Laptops 20,411 Replace the RAM module in your computer if", "Welcome to the Malazan Re-read of the Fallen! Every post will start off with a summary of events, followed by reaction and commentary by your hosts Bill and Amanda (with Amanda, new to the series, going first), and finally comments from Tor.com readers. In this article, we\u2019ll cover Chapter Three of The Bonehunters by Steven Erikson (TB).\nA fair warning before we get started: We\u2019ll be discussing both novel and whole-series themes, narrative arcs that run across the entire series, and foreshadowing. Note: The summary of events will be free of major spoilers and we\u2019re going to try keeping the reader comments the same. A spoiler thread has been set up for outright Malazan spoiler discussion.\nApsalar wonders why if Shadowthrone wanted Mebra dead because of the Nameless Ones or possibly the old Shadow cult. She thinks the last person on her list of targets will be the hardest, tries to convince herself to simply do it, then thinks maybe she\u2019ll talk to someone nearby about how to walk away. Cotillion appears and they discuss Mebra, Telorast and Curdle, Edgewalker, her future, and her upcoming visit.\nTelorast and Curdle fade at the sunrise, much to their dismay. Apsalar finds the Pardu women and Gral from the night before. Upon her return, Telorast and Curdle tell her someone was in her room, though their description is a bit confusing.\nApsalar and the two ghosts return to Mebra\u2019s place. The Pardu women arrive, Apsalar incapacitates them, and learns their employer is Karpolan Demesand of the Trygalle Trade Guild. The Pardu woman says they are returning from Y\u2019Ghatan and they were trying to purchase information from Mebra. Apsalar explains what happened then knocks her out. They find tablets hidden under a pavestone with Mebra\u2019s notes.\nSamar Dev and Karsa have gone out to Moraval Keep. Karsa says he\u2019ll go in himself when nobody can say the last time they saw any Malazans in the Keep.\nKarsa breaks open the huge, locked iron doors of the keep, stunning his witnesses.\nInside, Karsa finds a pit where something massive had been spiked down. He is attacked by a giant short-tailed lizard and they fight.\nOutside, Samar Dev, Captain Inashan and others wonder at the noise within. Samar Dev tells them the Keep is ancient and had been filled with strange mechanisms.\nKarsa kills the lizard.\nKarsa appears outside, looking terrible. He tells them he didn\u2019t see any Malazans and leaves.\nCorabb and Leoman discuss their destination: Y\u2019Ghatan. Leoman corrects Corabb\u2019s mistaken believe that Dassem Ultor died there and tells him Dassem ascended and is Dessembrae, The Lord of Tragedy. He adds he is a \u201creluctant god\u201d and is in constant flight and/or possibly eternally hunting. He asks Corabb if he will stand beside him no matter what he commands and Corabb says yes.\nFiddler talks magic with Bottle. They find Nil and Nether engaged in a ritual crossing through Hood\u2019s Gate to look for Sormo E\u2019nath and dead Wickans from the Chain of Dogs. Bottle senses something and jumps in the ritual and finds them being upbraided by their mother. Bult\u2019s ghost appears and tells them \u201cwe do not belong here\u201d then leaves.\nQuick Ben, Kalam, Stormy and others have gotten lost in the Imperial Warren (or out of it). They\u2019re being followed by something out of Chaos. They wait and see lots of massive things \u201cfilling the sky\u201d and Quick says it\u2019s time to go.\nAmanda\u2019s Reaction to Chapter Three\n\u201cBones in the Wall\u201d \u2013 Author Unknown. \u201cAnd yet I remain, with all my kin\u2026\u201d Deliberate mystery at the start of Chapter Three!\nHa! I can just imagine Curdle taking on a chamber pot as her new body in error. Erikson likes to throw in these little clues: \u201cYou want something alive. Really alive, with legs that work. Or wings\u2026\u201d\nI find it curious that Apsalar considers Cutter to be naive. I mean, I do as well, but I also think you can level the same charge at Apsalar herself. Sure she has some of the memories of Cotillion, but that doesn\u2019t mean she has any true experience. Certainly when it comes to love and feelings she seems very naive. I can\u2019t help thinking, in fact, that Cutter and Apsalar are incredibly well suited, if only they could realise it.\nHmm, now we find out that Apsalar\u2019s task is to kill a succession of people listed by Shadowthrone and Cotillion, \u201cwith the final target the most challenging of all\u2026\u201d And someone she feels no enmity towards. I guess we should start wondering who that person is. Has Erikson already started dropping little clues and I\u2019m just missing them?\nI like this: \u201cStill, what made a god decide to kill some lowly mortal? The minor irritation of a stone in a moccasin. The slap of a branch on a wooded trail.\u201d We\u2019ve seen a number of occasions now where a mortal has proved to be much, much more than gods expect them to be.\nWe\u2019ve spoken about the odd relationship between Apsalar and Cotillion before\u2014here there is more to fuel it: \u201cShe reached up with one hand and brushed the line of his jaw, the gesture close to a caress. She caught the sudden intake of his breath, the slight widening of his eyes, but he would not look at her.\u201d This seems to have hints of romance about it.\nI am glad that Cotillion feels remorse for what he did to Apsalar\u2014it was a grotesque action and he continues to use her (although with her assent), but he clearly have intentions of leaving her in a better position. I feel so sorry for her.\nOoh! Who is it that Apsalar is going to drop in on? I\u2019m sure I\u2019ll find out very soon, but my curiosity is piqued now!\nIt is interesting that someone is spying on Apsalar and trying to find out about her while she does the same to other people. Obviously she has been noted. A big, black, hairy demon with fangs and claws wearing boots, hmm? No one immediately comes to mind with that description, although my memory could be failing me.\nJust as an aside and a possible discussion point, even when given a description of what a person or creature looks like, I generally don\u2019t keep a visual of them in my head. I tend to gloss over the description. I know some people read really visually and can see everything represented down to the last hair and blade of grass, but I struggle to do this. Which kind of reader are you?\nSpeaking of not being able to picture things, I\u2019m struggling to understand what this shadowy aqueduct thing is and where it has come from! Were I Apsalar (and you can be damn sure I\u2019m glad I\u2019m not!) I would be asking more questions about where it\u2019s come from and who provided it\u2026 Certainly Apsalar isn\u2019t able to pin down Telorast or Curdle on it:\n\u201cWhat is this?\u201d\n\u201cWe don\u2019t know.\u201d\n\u201cIt is from the Shadow Realm, isn\u2019t it? It has to be. Otherwise I would be unable to see it.\u201d\n\u201cOh yes. We think. Don\u2019t we, Telorast?\u201d\n\u201cAbsolutely. Or not.\u201d\nIt sounds like they might be in a different fragment of Kurald Emurlahn (dear God, that is difficult to spell!), especially because they see some Tiste Edur. Oh, and who is the person dead in the canal? And are they dead in the real world or in the shadow realm? Am I reading too much into all of this? Except\u2026mention of \u201ca most delicious throne\u201d\u2026 Curious. The Shadow Throne\u2014the real one? Or another throne? (Especially because Telorast says: \u201cYou have lost your mind. Naught but pain. Suffering. Affliction\u2026\u201d Hey, if it\u2019s affliction is there finally a warren/throne, etc for the Crippled God? I mean, he is in the deck of dragons now\u2026 Maybe he has an associated dragon!)\nTelorast and Curdle aren\u2019t very good at keeping up appearances, are they? \u201cWomen, like you. Like us, too. I forgot. Yes, we\u2019re all women here\u2026\u201d\nApsalar is badass. Needs to be said. She takes down these two Pardu caravan guards effortlessly, and is utterly ruthless in extracting information. Nasty. And then there is the point where the Pardu guard thinks that Apsalar will kill her after she\u2019s given over her info.\nOoh! The Trygalle Trade Guild make another appearance.\nApsalar is actually referred to here as Shadow Dancer\u2014I guess this is some kind of master assassin?\nSo the opening poem mentioned Y\u2019Ghatan and", "What type of agreement have Aubameyang's representatives reportedly reached with Real Madrid", "What is the main commitment of One Stop Media, according to the text", "ll-bearing system that pulls out a silver tongue. A fighter or a chunk of a knife comes from the previous Marine Les George.\nThis is an attractive knife that will pull you within the moment you\u2019re taking it out of the package. It shimmers like a blade, and once placed quite seven inches, it will desire. The edition focuses on Dmitry Sinkevich. It is massive and stylish.\nIts ascendant was a large knife, strictly during a container. For an oversized factory-made piece, this is often more worthy than the trendy adoption name. The flipping action is impressive, lets it set out quick, and therefore the sheer size and stone-washed titanium handle that just about shines makes it a monster during a dark alley.\nThis knife was designed by Todd Rexford. It is Elmax chrome steel, .156 \u201cthick a three.5\u201d drop purpose blade. It has a sharp and high-quality blade. This ZT blade includes a tungsten element DLC blackwash end, a flipper, and a swish ambidextrous one-handed gap cavity ball-carrying system.\nIt has a Titanium handle. It is 4.7 \u201coff, has a blackwash finish, notched texturing for a secure grip, a frame lock, and a lanyard hole. This ZT knife has a side-to-side reversible metal pocket clip mounted on the end of the hinge. It weighs 5.8 ounces.\nThere are many kinds of zero-tolerance blades. Men and women can keep the knives within the pockets through paracords, cut folks off sunken cars, and quickly cut pockets because they need to run out of ammunition for AR-15s and still have hostility. So they should have the best zt knife for self defense.", "What is the significance of personal essays in the UC application process", "What steps should be taken if error 1006 occurs when installing Avast", "What are some advantages of the Sony FE 24-105mm f/4 G OSS lens according to the review", "n\u2019s Holiday, Unbridled\u2019s Song, Marquetry, and Include.\n\u201cBrother Derek won from 4.5 furlongs to 9 furlongs, so I\u2019d expect his progeny to be equally versatile. He has passed on plenty of size so far and has even put some size into the smaller mares we have bred to him. The foals have great shoulders, deep girths, and very strong hind legs. He gets foals with very good bone and a very intelligent eye and head.\u201d\n|Divine Park, photo by Joy Gilbert|\nDivine Park is a son of Empire Maker\u2019s half brother Chester House, who died young but sired 13% stakes winners from foals and got runners on all surfaces. Divine Park was one of his most talented runners, clocking 1:32 3/5 in the Westchester (gr. III) before beating Commentator in the Met Mile (gr. I).\nAccording to Ben, Divine Park has nice foals out of mares by With Approval, Canadian Frontier, Afternoon Deelites, Elusive Quality, Mazel Trick, Tiznow, Red Ransom, Royal Academy, Indian Charlie, Eastern Echo, Came Home, Ghazi, Gilded Time, Chimes Band, Storm Bird, and Cape Town.\n\u201cDivine Park stamps his foals very well. They have that very smooth top line that he has, with a tremendous depth of girth and classic shoulder. They\u2019re terrifically well balanced horses, and they have that same intelligent head and eye as their sire which I just love.\n\u201cI would expect them to be 'second half of the season' 2-year-olds that really start to excel over the classic distances as 3-year-olds, and be able to perform on all surfaces.\u201d\nI asked Ben who he thought would end up the better sire, and he gave me a politician's answer: \u201cHopefully it\u2019ll be a dead heat for champion first crop sire!\u201d So I pressed him on it, and I think he's giving the slightest nod to Brother Derek, but obviously he thinks highly of them both. It should be fun seeing how they go later this year...\ncomments powered b", "What is the reason the author hasn't updated their blog often", "What should I look for when buying an AR Rifle?\nWhat should I look for when buying an AR rifle? That\u2019s a really good question! Besides the fact that they both shoot bullets, ARs are about as different from other guns as they can get. It is for that reason that I decided to do today\u2019s post on this subject. This subject is wildly debated and has often led to disagreements among even the best of friends. Everyone seems to have their own idea and I am no exception. The difference is that I will try to cover some of the things that many do seem to agree on. If you are getting ready to buy your first AR rifle, then this would be a good place to start, as for looking up information and knowing what you should be looking for.\nLike I said, everyone has their own opinion on these just what you should looking for. The first things you need to ask yourself is exactly what do you intend to use it for? Self-defense, Hunting, SHTF, or something else? This is an important question because it defines the requirements for the rifle. If you are planning on using it for self-defense then you are looking at needing it for close in fighting and not trying to hit a deer at 300 yards. For close in, you will want a shorter barrel for maneuvering in tight places. If you are looking at using it in a situation where the target is less than 10 yards away such as in a house, then you won\u2019t need to worry about barrel twist. But if you are looking for a good midrange weapon, then you will want to pay attention to it. A 1 in 9 twist is a good average twist rate for shooting at targets up to 200 yards, but after that you will want to look at a different rate. The Twist rate of 1 in 9 is the spiraling in the barrel that makes the bullet twist one full revolution for every 9 inches it travels while it is in the barrel. This spinning action helps the bullet to travel straighter and stays accurate. You can over compensate for the bullet and then you have issues. The 1:9 is recommended for a round with a 55 Grain bullet weight. Whereas a 1:7 or 1:8 would work well for a 62 or 77 grain weight. There is a lot of science behind this, but just look at the bullet weight to know what Twist rate you need.\nThe next thing about the barrel is be sure that it is Chrome lined. This will make the barrel last longer and be easier to clean. It is a small detail but a very important one. You will also see some listed as having a \u201cChromalloy\u201d barrel interior. This is not the same a being chrome plated, it is just a marketing ploy, so keep your eye on the ball and get one with a chrome plated interior barrel. You will be glad you did. Again, this is just my opinion and others may vary. I know that there are a ton of them on the market that do not have this and are often less expensive than the ones that do. Another thing to be aware of is the term \u201cMil-Spec\u201d. It means that the parts used in the rifle are of the same size and dimensions as those used by the military. This is important because it means that replacing worn parts and upgrading can be easily done because everything fits without the need to modify things for your weapon. This often refers to things like pin sizes, etc. Being able to mix and match parts to create th", "has been on its last legs for months now...it's so slow I can barely send and email, let alone post pictures and blog entries. And I do have some ideas...like a photoessay pertaining to a certain boyfriend's hilarious record collections. And there are still durians to be had.\nBut for now, you can amuse yourselves with this collection of bad yearbook photos. (thanks, Jos!", "What was the cost of the three motor mounts purchased from Napa and how long has the user had them without issues", "What are the features of the ZT0770CF folding knife that make it suitable for self-defense", "What type of support is requested from individuals on the day of the hearing for the planning application", "ny literature, including journal articles and academic books.\nWe provide tailored academic editing solutions for individual needs. The service is entirely transparent; any changes made to the original document can be clearly seen and can be accepted or rejected, while explanations of complex corrections are provided.\nA human element in editing and proofreading, especially pertaining to academic writing, is essential. Our expertise and thorough analysis will identify and correct mistakes that Microsoft Word, Grammarly and other leading software packages will miss.\nWe offer affordable pricing plans for the specific service that each client requires. Prices are agreed with the client in advance. Minor adjustments can be made after the document is returned. However, subsequent complex editing will incur an extra cost", "What is the purpose of the correct installation spacer in relation to the power steering pump pulley", "Who is eligible to enter the JBL 70th Anniversary Competition", "me. Please consider whether you could do this; if you are in any doubt, consult a medical practitioner.\nAs part of the course content, your tutor may record your image for initial and ongoing assessment purposes. You are entitled to decline to participate in the recording of your image.\nAre there any other costs? Is there anything I need to bring?\nWear comfortable shoes and clothing that you can relax and move freely in. A notebook and pen is useful.\nWhen I've finished, what course can I do next?\nYou can enrol onto Acting: improvers; Improvisation or take one of our Stanislavski courses.\nSean trained at \u00c9cole Internationale de Th\u00e9\u00e2tre Jacques Lecoq, a world renowned school for physical theatre. Over the two years he trained in devised theatre, ensemble building, character development, mask work, mime, object manipulation / puppetry and clowning, among a vast array of other training. Sean also trained at East 15 Acting School on the BA Hons / Acting & Stage Combat degree graduating in 2011, gaining specialist skills in nine different weapon sets alongside an extensive acting program, in contemporary and classical work and practitioners. Sean works as a performer, director and choreographer, and regularly leads workshops and courses for theatre companies across the UK, Europe and Asia. His approach to theatre follows predominantly from his training at Lecoq, with the body and with a playful curiosity, exploring the space and how the body moves within it. In his courses he hopes to open up a deeper understanding of performance technique, emotional engagement, physicality and the exploration of all aspects of life through theatre and to share his deep profound love of what he does with others.\nPlease note: We reserve the right to change our tutors from those advertised. This happens rarely, but if it does, we are unable to refund fees due to this. Our tutors may have different teaching styles; however we guarantee a consistent quality of teaching in all our courses.", "Former Olympic Rower, Pro Cyclist, Pro Triathlete\n- Born: August 3, 1983\n- Height: 6'\n- From: Sandy Bay, Australia\n- Honors: 2004 Olympian, Double Scull\nFollow Cameron Wurf\nBefore making his professional triathlon debut at the Ironman Asia-Pacific Championships in June 2016, Wurf competed in numerous rowing and cycling events, including:\n- 2001 Junior World Rowing Championships in Duisburg, Germany\n- 2003 World Rowing U23 Championships in Belgrade\n- 2004 Athens Olympics\n- 2015 Oceania Road Championships\nAfter finishing third in the time trial at the 2015 Oceania Road Championship, Wurf took time off from his cycling career, making his Ironman debut in July 2015. Wurf debut was a success. He finished ninth overall and won the 30-34 age group.\nHow do you use your Compex device?\nWhat is your fav", "What does Bruce Symington mean by the phrase 'he drank from the cop Kool Aid jug' in relation to his son", "ducting more advanced multi-dimensional lookups based on multiple criteria. However, to use these more advanced functions of Excel, learning how to use the MATCH function effectively is crucial.\nCheck our US - Data Science Programs\nUsing MATCH functions in Excel\nNow, let us learn how to use MATCH functions in Excel to locate numeric values or even text.\nIn this first example, the values in the range A1 to A3 are arranged in ascending order.\nSo, if we wish to locate the matching value for \u201825\u2019, we will be using this MATCH formula in Excel:\nThis will be what is returned: 2\nThis will return the value \u20182\u2019 as that is the position of the row containing the closest number to \u201825\u2019. There was no exact match, so 22 was identified by the function as it has a lower value than \u201825\u2019 and because we used \u20181\u2019 as our Match_type. Additionally, we have used \u2018A1:A3\u2019 as our Lookup_array as this is the range containing the numbers. If the array was sorted in descending order, we would have to use \u2018-1\u2019 in this function for the Match_type.\nIn the case of a negative approximate match type, a number bigger than \u201822\u2019 or any Lookup_value would be identified. However, if we use \u2018-1\u2019 and the array is not in descending order, the matching function will return an error.\nIn the next example, let us try to locate the position of \u2018Cookies\u2019 among the three words occupying the cells inside the range of A1:A3.\nThis will be the formula:\nWhen we locate text, we must keep the Lookup_value inside \u201c \u201d to allow the function to figure out the position of the text. The case does not matter in MATCH functions, as even without using \u201cCookies\u201d (C in uppercase), and by using \u201ccookies\u201d (c in lowercase), we can still find the matching position. However, MATCH functions can be combined with an EXACT function to make the function case-sensitive and accurately find the exact combination of alphabets.\nHere is one final example where we will try locating the location of the approximate value or the next larger number in an array sorted in descending order.\nIn this example, we will use 35 as the Lookup_value.\nThis will be the formula:\nThis will be what is returned: 1\n40 will be chosen as the matching value as it is greater than 35 even though both 40 and 30 are the closest to 35. Also, if there are any issues with the order of the array or in the data, the MATCH function will return \u201c#N/A\u201d.\nNow, let us take the instance where we do not numerically declare the Lookup_value in the formula. We can also choose to mention the position of another cell to use that value as the active Lookup_value in the formula. Since the value occupying D1 is 35, we can also use this formula:\nHere, just D1 is replacing \u201c35\u201d in the formula.\nRead our Popular US - Data Science Articles\nLearning the MATCH function is essential to use any INDEX MATCH formula in Excel for advanced lookups. Also, it is essential to remember that MATCH functions in Excel only work on the text with a maximum of 255 characters. In the case of duplicate values, the function retrieved the first match. For EXACT matches or when the Match_type is \u201c0\u201d, you can also use the wildcards in the Lookup_value.\nThe MATCH function is crucial for Data Science and is extensively used with the INDEX function. A top-tier Data Analytics Program from Upgrad is bound to take you places in your career.\nIf you are already pursuing a career in this field but in a dilemma about what to do next in your career, you can find some of the best mentorship services by industry experts in upGrad.\nIf you\u2019d like to gain in-depth knowledge of Python, we recommend upGrad\u2019s online Professional Certificate Program in Data Science and Business Analytics from the University of Maryland, which is one of the top 100 global universities in the world.\n1. Is the MATCH function case-sensitive?\nNo, the MATCH function is not case-sensitive.\n2. Can the MATCH function be used both horizontally and vertically?\nYes, it can be used horizontally and vertically if combined with the INDEX function.\n3. Are MATCH functions capable of retrieving values and not just row positions?\nMATCH functions can also retrieve associated (related) values or specific values if combined with other functions.", "What factors should someone consider before purchasing an AR rifle", "What is the proper procedure for installing a pulley onto the power steering pump shaft using Special Tool C-4063", "What is the price of the OEM motor mount for a 2000 Ford Focus", "The idea for this post came up one day watching a political debate on the TV. The right wing candidate was standing for a statement while the left wing candidate was, obviously, standing f", "What issue is the author experiencing with their sequencing gels when they run them long", "Joined devRant on 7/8/2017\nDo all the things like ++ or -- rants, post your own rants, comment on others' rants and build your customized dev avatarSign Up\nFrom the creators of devRant, Pipeless lets you power real-time personalized recommendations and activity feeds using a simple APILearn More\nWhat's the best-supported Linix distro to install for AMD Threadripper?\nI know that upstream Kernel 4.15 has support for it, so that narrows it down a bit to the more bleeding-edge options or rolling distributions like Arch. I wonder if others have experience with that.6\nI spent $2500 on a paperweight.\nAMD Threadripper 1950x\nASRock X399 Fatal1ty Professional Gaming Motherboard\nCorsair 32GB DDR4 2666 MhZ RAM\nCan't even power up beyond chassis lights", "honest here, he says a pound of pot, which is quite a bit, but not huge. It is about the size of a loaf of bread. So he would turn in his son to the cops, who would then charge junior, drag him through the courts, give him a criminal record, basically throw the entire weight of the state into messing up this guy\u2019s entire life, all for a pound of pot. Sad, really, when you think of it. He drank from the cop Kool Aid jug so deeply that he would do that to his own son.\nActually, public sentiment is shifting dramatically in the opposite direction, and I assert that not one parent in a hundred would do that to their child. Just the heartless, unthinking ones.\nBruce Symington, Medicine Ha", "What are the key features and qualities mentioned by the user about the lens they purchased", "Wednesday, August 11, 2010\nDCoE's Return to Glory (coming soon)\nRemember how my blog used to be awesome? (okay, my words) And now I hardly ever update anymore, and it's kind of lame? Well, all that's about to change with the arrival of....drumroll, please...my new laptop! See, my new work environment doesn't really allow for internet tomfoolery, and my old personal laptop", "What inspired the author to write the post", "What should participants wear and bring to the course", "What characteristics do the foals of Brother Derek possess according to the text", "Biostimulants World Congress\nDate: 18-21 November, 2019\nLocation: Barcelona, Spain\nCatch TSG Consulting at the Biostimulants World Congress, where regulatory experts Samuel Poidevin, Justo Giner, Daryl Thomas and Dave Rottjakob will be manning booth #89.\nBiostimulants help support the natural nutrition processes of a plant\u2019s lifecycle, which in turn helps to boost its growth, development, and quality as well as protect it from stressors. The Biostimulants Word Congress is a leading event on agricultural biostimulants and allows delegates to get the latest scientific and technical knowledge on the subject. This year panelists will cover topics ranging from the use of biostimulants t", "What are the conditions regarding the nonrefundable status of Disney tickets", "Academic editing services\nScribo provides academic editing services that assist students, academics and lecturers with grammar, vocabulary, sentence and paragraph construction, academic referencing, essay structure and writing style.\nWe provide flexible and tailored packages that include various degrees of academic editing; proofreading, copy editing, some re-writing when required, and extensive feedback notes. All clients can avail of our services. If you are a student:\n- Making the difficult transition from second to third level education.\n- A mature student returning to education.\n- An international student studying in a second language.\n- A masters or PHD student who needs a second eye on their thesis.\n- Struggling with academic writing.\nWe also offer advanced academic editing services for academics writing a", "limited to, changes to travel dates or ticket types, tickets are subject to the Terms and Conditions applicable to tickets at the time the change to the tickets is made and, in the case of changes to travel dates, pricing applicable to the new travel dates.\nDestination vendors reserve the right to restrict changes to any reservation.\nAttractions, Tickets, and Features\nParks, restaurants, attractions, recreation, FastPass+ (if applicable) selections, entertainment, and other products, services, or items are subject to change without notice, cancellation, and may close temporarily due to rehabilitation, refurbishing, capacity, seasonal, inclement weather, or special events and may otherwise change or be discontinued without notice and without liability to the owners of the destination vendor nor Ears of Experience, LLC. Ticket media is not valid for special or premium events or other activities which are separately priced. Admission entitlements are non-transferrable and must be used by the same person on any and all days. Age restrictions apply for access to certain facilities.\nFeatures for all packages are subject to change and may be based on features available on date of guest arrival, not those in effect at time the reservation is made.\nGeneral Conditions and Responsibility\nEars of Experience, LLC, its divisions, directors, officers, employees, independent contractors, agents and representatives, shall at no time be liable or responsible in any way whatsoever for any loss, injury, or damage caused or arising in connection with any transportation, hotel or other services or products of third parties provided through our agency, or as a result of acts of God, acts of Government or other authorities, wars, civil disturbances, hijacks, thefts, or any circumstance beyond its control. The terms and conditions of any transportation services provided by airlines or car rental agencies shall be as represented by those third parties. Terms and Conditions are subject to change by the destination vendors without notice. If these Terms and Conditions contain any provisions construed to be unenforceable or unlawful by a court of competent jurisdiction, the same shall be deemed modified to conform to applicable law, or if this would cause an unreasonable result, such provision shall be stricken from these Terms and Conditions without affecting the binding force and effect of any of its other provisions.\nUnforeseen circumstances may force cancellation of your vacation. Travel insurance provides protection & peace of mind. We can assist you in comparing the policies available. If you haven\u2019t already purchased traveler\u2019s insurance with us, please contact us for more information. If you declined the insurance when initially booking and decide to purchase it afterwards, you may not qualify for coverage of pre-existing conditions. Please verify prior to purchase.\nIndependent Contractor Notice\nThis is to make sure that you are aware that you may have made your travel reservation through an independent contractor of Ears of Experience, LLC. Such person operates as an affiliate of our company but operates from a remote location. This person\u2019s contact information is listed on top of this invoice. Our office can be reached at 1-877-80MOUSE or by email at firstname.lastname@example.org.", "What should you consider when choosing between iron sights and optics for your weapon", "issions and are.\nAdmission writing service - application essay student help, on-time delivery, affordable prices, free features.\nTheir attractiveness, admission is competitive, ranging from 16 percent for ucla and 17. This article is part of a new series where we will be dissecting each of the uc essay prompts in depth, providing examples and tips on how you. Learn about freshman admission requirements for students entering uc davis. Applicants are required to take the act with writing or the sat with essay no.\nWhile the common app asks students to write a single 650-word essay, the uc application asks students to respond to four essay prompts out. Sample essay responses to the new 2016 uc leadership personal statement essay, part of the university of california college admissions. Believe makes you stand out as a strong candidate for admissions to the university of.\nThe uc announced in september of 2018 that it would investigate whether or not sat. The possibility of removing the satact requirement for uc admissions. The act costs 52 without the writing portion and 68 with it. This is the number of searches you have performed with ecosia.\nAs a transfer student, the essay is an important part of your admission application for the.\nIf youre also applying to the ucs, you might consider ordering your process this way write your common app personal statement. Those applying as freshmen qualify for uc admissions if you will have. Draft the two mandated uc essays the ucs require you to write two. What are the uc essay prompts? According to the uc admissions website, each question is considered equally", "What is the chronological range of the Central Middle Sabaic inscriptions", "th a history of attacks on clinics providing abortion services--promoted or committed violent acts, but rather his words reflected the fact that terrorism is a subjective category that is inherently about what the other guys do. Cruz posits that Christians do not commit acts of terror because if Christians commit them as acts motivated by their faith, those acts might step over the line of what is legal--and should be condemned as such when they occur--but because their cause is grounded in principles that he shares, those acts would not constitute terrorism.\nIn the second Republican debate, Carly Fiorina offered the most passionate anti-abortion call to action among the candidates with her testimony regarding a video showing the vivisection of a live fetus--a video that it turned out does not exist in the form she suggested. Fiorina, more than any other candidate, should not have been surprised if it turns out that Robert Lewis Dear was inspired by her words. Abortion has long been an irresolvable chasm in our politics. A woman's right to chose and a fetus's status as a living being set those on each side on a seemingly irreconcilable collision course. If one believes that a fetus is from conception a life endowed with all of the rights of any human being, then what Fiorina claimed to have seen is an abomination that might well in the minds of extremists warrant the action that Robert Lewis Dear--like others before him--took to act against the slaughter of innocents. Instead of deflecting blame for the actions that her words might have incited, perhaps Fiorina should have been true to her convictions and stood with a man who by all appearances put his own life on the line in response to rhetoric similar to her words of passion.\nIf we are going to use the language of terrorism, we have to be careful to apply it consistently. We cannot apply different standards because a person is Christian or because they are white, as some felt the New York Times did in its description of Robert Lewis Dear as \"a gentle loner who occasionally unleashed violent acts towards neighbors and women he knew.\" Given the current usage of the term, Dear should be labeled a terrorist if he did what he appears to have done. But we should not be surprised if doing so, in our current political landscape, turns out to be an unproductive step.\nWhat Robert Lewis Dear did was terrifying and barbaric, and it is becoming increasingly clear that his actions were inspired by the anti-abortion meme. But it is not useful to label any crazy person who does horrific things a terrorist, however much the old definitions might fit. We have to be cognizant in this debate that the global war on terror changed everything, particularly the language of terrorism. Terrorism is no longer simply a word used to describe a political tactic, but has become a moral absolute, a designation of evil. It may be that the word has lost its salience for the application to events of \"domestic terrorism\" that lack an organized, systematic framework, and to which the anti-terrorism tools and tactics do not apply.\nIn his speech declaring the global war on terror, President George Bush assigned equal moral culpability to those who commit acts of terror and those who support them. Translated into our domestic landscape, this suggests that an acknowledgement by Carly Fiorina or Ted Cruz that their rhetoric may have inspired Dear's actions could imply culpability for a terrorist act. Even if that is exactly what their political antagonists would love to see, it would only take us farther down a slippery slope in a year when political rhetoric has already begun to test the limits of what a democracy can tolerate. Instead, we need to move in the opposite direction, and those who assign these labels might begin to consider language that reframes the issue in a way that allows people to confront the linkages between incendiary language in the public square and the violence that can ensue, without falling into the trap of debating who is a terrorist and who is not.", "To the Editor:\nThese cops live in some sort of fantasy construct that sort of resembles reality, but not quite. Witness the letter from former (thank goodness) police officer Rick Dalton published in the Feb. 16 Almaguin News, \u201cFormer officer weighs in on pot debate.\u201d\nHe calls out a serving officer who advocates for legalization of cannabis, ignoring the fact that LEAP (Law Enforcement Against Prohibition) has been saying the same things for years, and ignoring also the courage that it takes for said officer to speak out. He says a bunch of nasty things about said officer, and ends by saying that he, like all good people would turn in their child for a cannabis offense.\nNow, let\u2019s be", "What recommended voltage causes the equipment to get very hot according to Dr. Marcos Egea Cortines", "What challenges are associated with bringing biostimulants to market in the US and Europe", "Excel is one of the most commonly used data science and data analytics tools. The MATCH function is one of the many useful features this powerful software offers. By enabling MATCH functions in your current position (or any cell of your choosing), you can locate values you are looking for inside a table, column, or row.\nYou can locate the exact value you are looking for and also the closest value to it. Additionally, one can also choose to use the INDEX function to reflect the value occupying the position of the row the function brings up or even certain associated values. Just by using MATCH functions in Excel on their own, you can identify the exact row the matching (or partially matching) value occupies inside a given range.\nWith MATCH functions, you can manually provide the input value for identifying a matching value in the array and allow the function to automatically locate matching values for whatever is the current value occupying your reference cell. For example, if you use the cell D4 for reference in the matching function instead of using a number or value inside the function, the function will automatically identify the row number occupied by a similar or identical value as D4. As soon as you change the value of D4, the function will again immediately retrieve the row number of the next closest value.\nMATCH functions in Excel work with both alphabets and numbers while not being uppercase or lowercase sensitive, thus identifying the same combination of alphabets regardless of their case. This function is crucial for different automated workflows (Excel-based) and, in general, analytics.\nLearn Data Science Courses online at upGrad\nThe syntax for MATCH functions is:\n=MATCH (lookup_value, lookup_array, match_type)\nFor example, this is a MATCH function: =MATCH(E4,C2:C12,1)\nNow, let\u2019s break down the syntax of the MATCH formula in Excel.\n- Lookup_value: This value is compulsory and must be the exact value or a value close to what you want to find in an array. For example, if you are looking for a number close to 2000 (i.e. 2010) inside a range, you should use 2000 as a reference point for your matching function. You can also use wildcards such as \u2018*\u2019 and \u2018?\u2019 when looking for partial matches. The question mark helps match a single character, while the asterisk helps match a sequence or combination of characters.\n- Lookup_array: This will represent the target range (or array) for finding the position of the matching value. For example, C2 to C20 is a range that will be represented as \u201cC2:C20\u201d inside the function.\n- Match_type: This argument is optional in the MATCH formula in Excel but is set to 1 by default. There are three options to choose from when it comes to the Match_type.\n- 0: This is used for an exact matching function where you want to find the position of the value in an unstructured array. An unstructured array would be a range where the values are not sorted in ascending or descending order.\n- 1: This is the default value of a MATCH function if you do not put any value as the Match_type. This will command the function to find the position of either the exact value or the next smallest value. For instance, if you use Lookup_value as \u201825\u2019, in a range of cells having the values 11, 23, 32, 41, the function will bring up the cell\u2019s position having \u201823\u2019 inside. However, the array or the range must be sorted in ascending order (depending on their values).\n- -1: This is used for locating the exact value or the next largest value in an array. When using \u2018-1\u2019, the range must be sorted in descending values.\nOur learners also read: Learn Python Online for Free\nIf you wish to allow the automatic retrieval of the value of a matched position (row), you can use the INDEX function along with the MATCH function. MATCH functions in Excel identify the position of the match while INDEX functions retrieve the value occupying that row in an array.\nThis is how an INDEX function is used with a MATCH function:\nWith the help of the INDEX MATCH formula in Excel, you can also implement a two-way lookup function, like so:\nWith the help of the INDEX MATCH formula in Excel, the MATCH function becomes more powerful and becomes capable of con", "What have been some of the difficulties mentioned in the text segment", "What special feature does the limited edition of the Elite 700s headphones celebrate", "2016 has been the year when your most annoying Eeyore friend has been proven right, over, and over again.\nReward them for their prescience and counsel that everything is terrible, with this map, which shows how likely (or unlikely) it is that you will survive World War Three.\nThe map, created by 'Would I Survive a Nuke'.com, comes with several options that allow users to personalise their demise.\nOne can choose the location, and what type of weapon of mass destruction will be used in the conflict.\n'Dinosaur ending meteor' is one of many WMDs that also include 'Fat-man' atomic bomb, and the LG-30 'Minute Man' or the LG-18 'Peacekeeper' intercontinental ballistic missiles, depending on your Megaton preference.\nBased on his gung-ho comments regarding the use of nuclear weapons, president-elect Donald Trump appears to be emulating the 'mad man Richard Nixon' strategy of deterrence, by speaking about the use of thousands of warheads so brazenly, that enemies of the US will fear he might actually do it.\nAccording to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons the nine nuclear countries have a combined 15,000 nuclear weapons at their disposal.\nTrump's acquisition of the launch codes for 6,970 warheads, makes this map not only a morbid reminder that we are all one miscommunication away from a fiery death, but also a useful tool for assessing just how bad that death may be.\nThe graphics show exactly what areas will suffer first, second, and third degree burns respectively in the event of a nuclear strike on any chosen location.\nThe site doesn't log any kind of location data, so there are no statistics for the most searched nuclear targets.\nThe only entity which can track user data on the s", "What not to do on the uc personal insight questions (uc application essay).\nWant to write the perfect college application essay? Get professional help from prepscholar. Your dedicated prepscholar admissions counselor will craft your perfect college essay, from the ground up. Well learn your background and interests, brainstorm essay topics, and walk you through the essay drafting process, step-by-step.\nHere are some of the most frequently asked questions about the uc application. 6 tips for mastering the uc application part 1 college coach blog. It guarantees you admission to the uc system, though not to any particular campus. Introducing appview college application essay questions and.\nHidserp comuncategorizedhow-to-write-compelling-admission-essays myessayreview essays? Admission compelling write to 1how.\nTips from an editor on answering the uc personal insight questions. Admissions evaluators want to learn more about you, and while its not always easy to. And although they might be huge supporters, this essay is about you, not them.\nIve been under the impression that gpa is a major factor in uc admissions, with test scores coming at a far 2nd, and thus ecessays becoming.\nRemember, you must write 4 uc essays the word limit is 350. This idea is important because uc admissions officers love to see that.\nNotion that hardship equals some sort of admissions advantage, many students.\nBest possible light on the undergraduate admission application and in their personal statement.\nSome of the best uc berkeley essays insider reviewed focused on specific. Personal essays are a crucial part of college adm", "How does Carly Fiorina's rhetoric about abortion relate to the actions taken by Robert Lewis Dear", "Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. will debut the St. Regis brand in Kazakhstan\u2019s lively capital city with the opening of The St. Regis Astana and The Residences at The St. Regis Astana.\nThe project, which is scheduled to open in 2017, is perfectly timed to the increasing global interest in Kazakhstan as the country prepares to host Expo 2017.\nThe St. Regis Astana will encompass one of the most prestigious addresses in the capital city, located in Astana Central Park \u2013 known as the heart of the city, and nearby embassies, corporate headquarters and banks. The new-build hotel will feature 120 luxurious guest rooms, including 18 spacious suites and a Presidential Suite. The hotel will also offer unrivalled event and meeting space for special celebrations including a ballroom, five meeting rooms and a business centre.\nThe hotel\u2019s sophisticated culinary offerings will include an all-day dining restaurant, a specialty restaurant, the distinguished St. Regis Bar & Wine Vault, a cognac bar and library. Luxury leisure faciliti", "What options does Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang have for a potential move at the end of the season", "Corpus of Central Middle Sabaic Inscriptions (work in progress)\nThe Central Middle Sabaic inscriptions are those Middle Sabaic texts originating from the areas of M\u0101rib, \u1e62irw\u0101\u1e25, some cities of the Jawf, and the Yemeni highlands north of \u1e62an\u02bf\u0101\u02be (P. Stein's Zentrale Dialekte). Chronologically, they are set in the period from the late 4th century BC up to the 3rd century AD. The linguistic border dividing the Central and the Raydanite inscriptions lies in the area of \u0120aym\u0101n and No\u02bf\u1e0d. Although this frontier is not clearly defined, at present only the \u0120aym\u0101n texts have been included in the Central Sabaic corpus.\nThe inscriptions whose provenance is not univocally ascertained and which do not provide clear Central Sabaic features have been also included in this corpus. Up to now, this collection comprises more than 1600 inscriptions, most of them from the CIH collection and from the CSAI Corpus of Inscriptions from the", "What items are included in the TSX Classifieds Archives listing", "Special Tool C-4063, or\nequivalent into the end of the power steering pump shaft. Tighten the installer into shaft.\n4. Holding the Pulley Installer with one wrench so it will not rotate, turn hex down threaded rod of installer pushing the pulley onto the shaft of the\npower steering pump. Ensure that the tool and the pulley remain aligned with the pump shaft so pulley does not become cocked on shaft.", "han cash!\nNo matter what you are wearing or what kind of cash you are hoping to spend, Berlin has something for you. Part of its charm though, is the what the locals refer to as the inside scene. Touristy areas are not for the real Berliners, most of whom are actually not from Berlin. Hackesher Markt and Mitte are full of fun bars and restaurants, but the insiders can be found in Friedrichshain, Kreuzberg, and Neuk\u00f6lln.", "They walk down a hallway towards each other.\nTheir eyes meet.\nWithout breaking stride, the visitor nods and says, \u201cBarry, how \u2018ya doin\u2019? Mark Ingram\u2019s goin\u2019 pro.\u201d\nThey pass, still smiling.\nFiled under Nick Saban Rules, Recruiting\nPretty smooth, ain\u2019t he.\nApparently Mr. Saban is unconcerned about the possible fallout from a minor rules infraction. Just a minor advantage in recruiting. No worries.\nCan you blame him? He\u2019s running an extremely unethical oversigning regime that has Alabama being exposed via investigative reports in the Wall Street Journal\u2026 yet his Alabama superiors couldn\u2019t care less.\nAll they want is wins.\nCalling the University of Alabama a community college level joke isn\u2019t fair to community colleges. At least most of them are simply trying to provide legitimate education.\nSooooo\u2026. you\u2019ve been very vocal here. Yet outside of pointing out the deficiencies what might be \u201d your\u201d plan as to how we re-calibrate college athletics with regard to these blatant shortcomings?\nOversigning, secondary violations\u2026.When we have a program that is as speaky clean as they can be this is very frustrating.\nIn comes Bama with the Auburn and Ohio State defense.. and the NCAA will probably let it go. It doesn\u2019t involve a player taking money away from the NCAA, so what\u2019s the big deal?\nWouldn\u2019t you love to hear the conversation between the compliance office at Alabama and Nick Saban? That is if there ever IS any conversation.\nObviously, having the death penalty hanging over Alabama\u2019s head, still isn\u2019t enough to rein in the Great Sabana.\nI am sure a lot of shrugging of shoulders going on at Alabama over this one.\nI doubt there is any concern at", "What benefits does the editing service provide over automated software packages like Microsoft Word and Grammarly", "Zt knife, also known as the zero-tolerance knife, was made for a specific motive. We know that military personnel, police officers, first responders, firefighters, and other life-saving professionals need the superior quality and best zt knife for self defense.\nHere are some zt knives for self defense given below:\nZT0770CF Folding Knife:\nThis is an original and award-winning knife. The blade is 3.5\u2033 long. The blade fans are more interested in it. The 0770CF offers a slightly smaller, more streamlined version of the style and performance.\nIt is a carbon fiber handle. It\u2019sIt\u2019s a comfortable feeling that is less strategic or aggressive than their other options. It\u2019sIt\u2019s a loving, stone-washed look that makes it sound mutes for work around the home or office.\nIt carries the impressive ELMAX tool steel, which has been hardened once the ZT0770CF becomes the edge of a razor. It may hold through many powerful programs. It is thin and fresh. It is a beautiful back pocket knife. So it is easy to carry for self-defense.\nLes George\u2019sGeorge\u2019s ZT0900 zt Knife:\nYou are introduced to a slatey body that appears to catch the sunshine just like the rocks of the sun. The scales are made from titanium, and that they create the S35VN steel simply to open or not thus loose that it flops freely.\nEvery line is supposed to slide into your hand and mix in along with your employment, either to alleviate fatigue once you slash on the carpet or simply to waste time carrying a beautiful piece of hickory. This small flipper may be a manual open with a sleek cavity ba", "Time: 18:30 - 21:30\nLocation: Keeley Street\nCourse Code: DRB008\nChoose a start date\nDuration: 6 sessions (over 6 weeks)\nPlease note: We offer a wide variety of financial support to make courses affordable. Just visit our online Help Center for more information on a range of topics including fees, online learning and FAQs.\nWhat is the course about?\nThis course will introduce you to the craft of acting. Through a series of practical exercises, drama games and warm ups you will develop your creativity and find the freedom to act in a friendly and supportive environment. You will focus on some initial exercises that will free you and develop your spontaneity, presence and ability to engage truthfully in the moment. The emphasis is as much on learning to engage fully and discover the joy of working well with other actors as it is on developing an initial skill set. You will be introduced to techniques that will help you to build character and explore some basic text.\nWhat will we cover?\n\u2022 Drama games and group exercises\n\u2022 Improvisation and scene work\n\u2022 Character work\n\u2022 Performing truthfully and believably\n\u2022 Text work.\nPlease note that acting classes by their very nature can involve exercises and the exploration of material that some students may find challenging.\nWhat will I achieve?\nBy the end of this course you should be able to...\n\u2022 Work collaboratively and confidently with others.\n\u2022 Present yourself confidently in the space.\n\u2022 Develop and play character\n\u2022 Prepare and perform a short scene.\nWhat level is the course and do I need any particular skills?\nThis course is suitable for complete beginners and those wishing to increase their confidence when acting. It is also suitable for those returning to acting after an extended break who wish to build confidence.\nHow will I be taught, and will there be any work outside the class?\nYou will be involved in group, pair and some individual work.\nYou may or may not be asked to participate in rigorous activity from time to ti", "What does the text suggest about the subjective nature of labeling incidents as terrorism", ". If we receive no further requests then we will organise the presentation with the Town Planner we have hired without delay. If you do not want to speak publicly but have a skill set we can make use of then please get in touch.\nYOUR SUPPORT ON THE DAY\nWhat we do need is a show of support on the day of the hearing. I have it on good authority that this does help our case. So please watch this space as apprently we do not receive much notice. If you could sacrifice an afternoon then it would be greatly appreciated as it will show the Committee members how strongly Woodstone Village feel about this planning application.\nPotential dates for the North Durham Planning Committe to sit are:-\n- 31st May 2012 (Thursday)\n- 28th June 2012 (Thursday)", "Let&39;s Holiday. Common objects at this time of year are pine trees, holly, decorations, fairy lights, candles and presents. \u00b7 The main reception building, hotel and O Terraco restaurant at Martinhal Martinhal Beach Resort & Hotel Review.\nChristmas is celebrated on December 25 and is both a sacred religious holiday and a worldwide cultural and commercial phenomenon. Christmas Surely one of the biggest holidays of the year, the Christmas season honors family traditions. Snowy coconut loaf cake.\nA youth choir director (Chenoweth) needs to write a big song for the Christmas Eve show but \"finds herself distracted\" when a boy with a golden voice (Kevin Quinn) joins her choir, which will come as news to his widowed father (Wolf). Add Event to Calendar. Traditions and celebrations in the &39;Christmas Traditions and Customs&39; and &39;Christmas Around the World&39; sections are how Christmas is celebrated in a normal year. Martinhal Sagres Beach Family Resort Our family friendly resort overlooks Martinhal Beach and is set within a protected natural park, featuring a five star hotel and a selection of luxury family villas It has now been 10 years since we founded Martinhal Family Hotels & Resorts. 9k Followers, 205 Following, 855 Posts - See Instagram photos and videos from Martinhal Martinhal Sagres Beach Family Resort offers 238 air-conditioned accommodations, which are accessible via exterior corridors and feature iPod docking stations and espresso makers.\nChristmas, Christian festival celebrating the birth of Jesus. Festive greeting cards, photo cards & more. This tasteful designer temple sits within the protected Costa Vicentina national park on the cliffy western rather than flat southern coast - in fact, on the very bottom left-hand corner of Portugal, sticking out into the Atlantic. Martinhal Cascais is a modern, large building that seems out of the pages of an interior design magazine (I felt as if I had stepped into a tv programme about celebrity mansions! Located along the coast in the tony Cascais suburb of Lisbon, the hotel combines the best of the Lisbon city experience with the scenic beauty of Portugal\u2019s coastline.\nVisit our kids\u2019 Christmas shop, for top toys, books, and stocking stuffers that are just waiting to be cherished. LCD televisions come with satellite channels and pay movies. Shop their site to get the look and ready your home for the. Martinhal Quinta gave us the independence of a villa holiday along with the facilities of a luxury hotel complex. Beds feature premium bedding. Christmas cards provide the opportunity to reach out to those you might not have spoken to in a while.\nThe resort has 5 swimming pools in total. Browse our online store today! Sort: Relevant Newest christmas disney vintage christmas tree 1950s christmas elf will ferrell revolving door christmas xmas holidays merry christmas feliz christmas ugly christmas sweater christmas red green holiday colors christmas holidays. Read hotel reviews.\nSending Christmas eCards by email is a wonderful way to spread the joy of the Christmas season to loved ones. Christmas 22881 GIFs. Yes, Martinhal Lisbon Chiado does have fully refundable rooms available to book on our site, which can be cancelled up to a few days before check-in.\nThe main restaurant, O Terra\u00e7o, serves local seafood dishes and \u00e0 la carte. The top-selling real christmas trees product is the Online Orchards 5 ft. CMA Country Christmas Encore Presentation | Monday, December 21 at 10|9c on ABC. However, many traditions that are around today have their roots in pre-Christian winter festivals. From unboxing ornaments to family dinners to baking cookies. Martinhal in The Algarve is a sheltered beach break that does not work very often. These Merry Christmas wishes will definitely help you create a Christmas atmosphere in. Prices are calculated as of based on a check-in date of.\nDan from Fun Kids has opened an Advent shop. Martinhal Beach Resort & Hotel View other hotels in Algarve Anantara Vilamoura Algarve Resort Conrad Algarve Hotel Quinta do Lago Martinhal Beach Resort & Hotel Pine Cliffs Resort Encapsulated by a protected natural park, this luxury resort on the unspoilt Western Algarve Coast boasts sensational views and a true family friendly vibe. A classic Christmas tree, an evergreen tree decorated with lights and ornaments to celebrate Christmas.\nBrowse the wide selection of Christmas video backgrounds, countdowns, and longplays. The Martinhal Sagres Beach Family Resort is the original Martinhal resort. Whether it\u2019s your Christmas tree wrapped around with a few strands of twinkling string lights or a well-lit porch, find lighting ideas to welcome the holidays. Learn more about Christmas trees, including their history. Band Aid PLAY Washington, DC 107.\n8 out of 5 stars 722. Most real christmas trees range from to 0 in price. Public transit systems do not run on their regular schedules. Find the perfect Christmas ornaments to trim your tree, home d\u00e9cor to make your home cozy for the holidays, and outdoor decorations to spread the holiday cheer. 2k Followers, 837 Following, 4,339 Posts - See Instagram photos and videos from CHRISTMAS ABBOTT CHRISTMAS TREE ; Reindeer ; Christmas Decorations ; PAPER WINTER ; KROKOTAK EOOD. Okay, thanks. Explore the 105-acre garden with a delightful Christmas trail and illuminated features from dusk.\nJohnson created the first Christmas lights in his home in New York City. For those looking to explore Lisbon and its surroundings such as the elegant coastal towns of Estoril, Cascais and Sintra with its fairy-tale Pena Palace, Martinhal Cascais Family Hotel, provides the perfect base. Christmas (which means \"Feast day of Christ\") is a Christian holiday that refers to the birth of Jesus (whom Christians believe is the Son of God), and a cultural holiday for non-Christians. Download 27,475 christmas free vectors. Martinhal Beach Resort & Hotel is the finest luxury family resort in Europe.\nCustomer service Login. Christmas, a Christian holiday honoring the birth of Jesus, has evolved into a worldwide religious and secular celebration, incorporating many pre-Christian and pagan traditions into the. Whether you choose individual or group pieces, they\u2019re sure to add wonder to your world.\nThere&39;s so much excitement around Christmas. Enjoy free WiFi, free parking, and an indoor pool. Martinhal Family Hotels & Resorts, Sagres, Portugal.\nThe English term Christmas (\u201cmass on Christ\u2019s day\u201d) is of fairly recent origin. See full list on timeanddate. \ud83c\udf99\ud83c\udfb5 mrchristmas. And, it\u00e2&x20AC;&x2122;s right on the doorstep. Plus, this is where you&39;ll find how-to articles to help you master everything from royal icing to a classic gingerbread house, and when things don&39;t go according to plan--well, we&39;ve got advice for.\nJust make sure to check this property&39;s cancellation policy for the exact terms and conditions. Martinhal Cascais Family Resort Review. Interior Christmas Decorations. Over 1 hour of the top Christmas songs featuring all of your favorite classic Christmas songs. Martinhal Beach Resort & Hotel - \u043e\u0442\u0437\u044b\u0432\u044b \u0442\u0443\u0440\u0438\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0432, \u0444\u043e\u0442\u043e \u0438 \u0446\u0435\u043d\u044b. We shop and deliver, you enjoy. There's so much excitement around Christmas. As part of the car sharing scheme, residents at Martinhal Residences will be offered access to a fleet of on-site BMW and.\nMatch mahjong tiles in identical Christmas. Included with Garden and Christmas at Chatsworth tickets. NEW THIS WEEK. Director: Robert Zemeckis | Stars: Tom Hanks, Chris Coppola, Michael Jeter, Leslie Zemeckis.\nChristmas Decorating Ideas. The evergreen holly was worshiped as a promise of the. \u00b7 Martinhal, it is a renowned watersports location such as windsurf, surf, paddel (SUP), kayak and scuba diving. Martinhal Sagres is the first in the small collection of hotels and resorts that the owners of the brand are building up. Our Christmas Lecturers. Martinhal Village is the perfect spot for families looking for privacy, splendour and comfort. Create today! Vegans sh", "sequence involving Karsa getting into Moraval Keep is a joy to read, from the little Falah\u2019d to the way Karsa insists to Samar Dev that his name is not Toblakai and then the way he breaks into the Keep single-handedly through iron doors. Fantastic. I love him!\nBut\u2026 I don\u2019t love the fight between him and the demon. Occasionally Bill has talked about fights and whatnot that jar him out of the reading\u2014well, this was my moment. The sheer amount of damage? The fact that the creature is so enormously destructive? I know Karsa took down the two Hounds and we know he is some sort of super human but it just seems too much.\nThere is really dark humour in the line: \u201cHe\u2019s probably raping someone!\u201d given what we know of Karsa and his history.\nAnd I do love the scene as Karsa emerges from the keep, and his statement that this massive demon was nothing important.\nThis is simply stunning and I love the ideas therein: \u201cThey could be naught but celestial roads, the paths walked by the dragons of the deep, and Elder Gods and the blacksmiths with suns for eyes who hammered stars into life; and the worlds spinning round those stars were simply dross, cast-offs from the forges, pale and smudged, on which crawled creatures preening with conceit.\u201d\nA slug? With roe? *feels nauseous*\nTeehee\u2014we\u2019ve already discussed the possible identity now of Dassem Ultor, and here we\u2019re having a little re-emphasis of the matter:\n\u201cNo, my friend, the First Sword did not die, and he lives still.\u201d\n\u201cThen where is he?\u201d\n\u201cWhere doesn\u2019t matter. You should ask: Who is he? Ask that, Corabb Bhilan Thenu\u2019alas, and I will give you answer.\u201d\nHow does Leoman know? And what does he know about Dassem Ultor\u2019s ascension?\nSmiles is really prejudiced against the Seti, isn\u2019t she? It\u2019s a little foul to read since it smacks of racism.\nThere are lots of little hints about Bottle starting \u2013 the fact he knows Leoman is heading for Y\u2019Ghatan, possibly those lizards? Aha, yes, the lizards are used for spying. I remember from Memories of Ice.\nSo Bottle has the potential to draw on more warrens than Quick Ben? Is this because of the Eres\u2019al? And where did Quick Ben get his power from? Dear Lord, it does get frustrating when we get back to the points where I am asking more questions during the reading than answering.\nAnother hint that the warrens are pretty unbalanced: \u201cBy warren? They shouldn\u2019t be doing that, you know. Not now. Not here\u2026\u201d\nYep, those warrens are pretty messed up! Nice little cliffhanger there featuring Quick Ben and Kalam en route to Y\u2019Ghatan\u2014where are they now? And what chaos is in store for them. Oh, and I totally laughed at:\n\u201cThe Fourteenth\u2019s motto,\u201d Stormy said, with a loud sigh.\n\u201cWhich?\u201d Gesler asked. \u201cAnd then we leave or No heroic stands?\u201d\n\u201cTake your pick.\u201d\nBill\u2019s Reaction to Chapter Three\nClearly the poem is clueing us in that Y\u2019Ghatan is going to be of some importance and by the end of the chapter it seems the final battle between Leoman\u2019s army and the Fourteenth will take place there. The sense of the buried past, the past that lives, is a constant theme in this series, so no surprise we see it mentioned here, but perhaps also not a coincidence that \u201cbones\u201d play such a role as well in this poem, considering our book\u2019s title.\nAnd from the tragic dignity of the poem to our resident comic relief\u2014this cracks me up every time this discussion over the urn. And coming after our earlier introduction to these two, where we learned they were familiar with Starvald Demelain and where Telorast hissed in \u201creptilian fashion,\u201d we should perhaps as Amanda says note Telorast\u2019s desire for a body with wings.\nA nice transition echo from the poem that opens to Apsalar\u2019s view of the city: \u201ccrouched on the sun-baked clay . . . the city . . . like something dead in the night.\u201d\nI find her musings over Cutter\u2019s naivety sad and a bit moving. Her use of his original name\u2014Crokus\u2014for one. The fact that he had been na\u00efve and no longer is for another. And the way it also calls up the image of a na\u00efve young girl on a road near her fishing town who is now a reluctant assassin who thinks herself unworthy of love. And then a few paragraphs later, equally sad is her attempt to force herself to be that assassin, uncaring and unthinking because it is what she is. And her dream of walking away into a new life.\nI like the two mystery folks we get teased with in her thoughts: the final target and the one she might ask about walking away (we have met him before if you can recall someone near this city who had in fact made himself a new life by disappearing)\n\u201cYou are so unsuited to be a god, Cotillion.\u201d That has to be one of the nicest things anyone has said about him. And I think it is a great way to sum him up.\nOkay, the Apsalar near-caress. Let\u2019s have at it\u2026.\nHave I mentioned before how much I love this character\u2014Cotillion? His humanity, his compassion, his empathy. The sad way he reacts to that touch. His heavy remorse over what he has done to her. The way he can smile at the thought of her visiting an old friend.\n\u201cThe east horizon was in flames with the rising of the sun.\u201d\nI also like how Apsalar is taking the initiative to find out what was going on with Mebra because Cotillion had been \u201cshaken\u201d by the news.\nAnd again, you have to laugh at Telorast and Curdle\u2019s response to the sun: \u201cBy the Abyss, there\u2019s a sun in this world? Have they gone mad?\u201d\nI think you\u2019re okay with where Apsalar is in the canal city. I think it\u2019s another example of how Shadows overlay Shadows, how the warren is layered, almost like parallel dimensions sharing the same space-time.\nRuthless is right in the description of Apsalar, which is an interesting and somewhat jarring to the reader depiction coming after seeing her so sad and depressed and then so soft with Cotillion. Keeps us on our toes and reminds us these characters are multi-faceted.\nKarpolan is one of the original founders of the Guild and therefore pretty high up, and, as we\u2019ve seen in Deadhouse Gates, pretty good at what he does (he delivers the box of munitions to Fiddler at the end amidst all that madness).\nThere\u2019s that city Y\u2019Ghatan again.\nAnd yes, those Guild rides are \u201chairy\u201d indeed.\nThe Shadow Dance is part of the Shadow cult and yes, is connected to assassination. Think of Cotillion known as \u201cDancer.\u201d Recall as well that Lostara is a Shadow Dancer.\nYou\u2019re right on all points regarding Veed, Amanda.\nLoved Karsa getting into the Keep. Loved the reactions outside though. Loved the exit scene. Not so much the fight itself, like Amanda, though I did enjoy one aspect of it\u2014the very \u201cHuge Barbarian\u201d/Conan/Tarzan aspect of it. But let\u2019s not go away without filing \u201cshort tail\u201d reptile.\nIt\u2019s rare I think that Erikson waxes so poetical as that description of the stars\u2014wouldn\u2019t mind if we had more of that throughout. This is just a beautiful passage.\nLeoman\u2019s knowledge of Dassem is certainly intriguing. It\u2019s a bit slapsticky, but I did like the humor in Corabb\u2019s ignorantly ironic \u201cBlessed Dessembrae . . .\u201d And the little throwaway \u201che wanders . . .\u201d I have to admit I don\u2019t recall if we know why or learn why Leoman knows this. Anyone?\nLeoman is pretty ominous in his words I\u2019d say. What does he have planned that makes him wonder if Corabb will follow his orders? What about those orders will seem like \u201cmadness\u201d? What will make the Malazans \u201ccurse\u201d the name of Y\u2019Ghatan \u201cfor all time\u201d? Why are his plans a \u201cburden\u201d? Why does he care if it is \u201cpast cursing season\u201d with the olives?\n- Leoman \u201cthe gaze seemingly fixed on the licking flames\u201d\n- Leoman \u201cslowly nodded, eyes once more on the flames.\u201d\n- \u201cThe trail of fire.\u201d\n- \u201cOur trail of fire.\u201d\nAnother one of those nice Erikson transitions, from the fire of Leoman and Corabb to Koryk blowing on a fire, \u201cinhaling a cloud of ashes.\u201d\nNeffarias Bred, if you recall, was an infantry \u201cheavy\u201d whose exploits were the thing of legend mentioned in House of Chains: \u201cI heard he killed eighteen raiders all in one night . . . Killed fifty raiders they say . . .\u201d\nYes, Bottle is being r", "Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has dropped the strongest suggestion yet that he will be looking to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season.\nThe striker has been in sensational form, scoring 40 goals in 46 appearances across the campaign, and has naturally attracted the attention of some of Europe's biggest clubs.\nEven a reported asking price of \u20ac100million has not put the likes of Manchester United off, who, amongst others, seem determined to take the Gabon international away from the Black and Yellow this summer.\nSIGN UP NOW\nWant to become a GMS writer? Sign up now and submit a 250-word test article: http://gms.to/haveyoursay4\nArticle continues below\nBut Aubameyang has already suggested that he would reject the Premier League for a move to Spain and has now reiterated his desire.\nWith Barcelona, Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid to choose from, it is no wonder that the 26-year-old fancies a transfer to La Liga, but it is the Bernabeu that is most appealing to him.\nArticle continues below\nAffinity to Los Blancos\nWhile stating that he is currently committed to a long-term contract with Borussia Dortmund, Aubameyang struggled to hold back his affinity to Zinedine Zidane's side.\n\"I am focused on finishing the season with my team. We do not know what can happen, but I have a contract until 2020,\" he told Cadena Cope.\n\"I've always said it would be a dream for me to play in", "What aspect of the arguments presented by the candidates stood out to the observer", "Beyond frustrated, exhausted38\nScared the shit out of g/f by using festival on Linux.\nSSH'd into computer in bedroom from bathroom, announcing\n\"I am Lucifer. I'm coming for you, Jenny!\"\nFollowed by a shutdown of PC. She shit herself banging on the bathroom door.\nNote to self:\nFifty shades of gray is not about CSS or any other subject you care about. Delete mental association so as not to react like Pavlov's dog every time you hear/see title mentioned in mass media.\nNo, I didn't hack your Facebook. You gave me your password. Thank you for assuming I'm qualified to break into a multi-billion dollar company network, though I am definitely not nefarious enough or petty enough to contemplate wasting my time to find out who likes your cat videos.", "What amenities and services will The St. Regis Astana offer to its guests", "Web Design Services\nIn the tech-orientated world, the website\u2019s functionality and layout are the faces of the business. One tends to judge a business by the features it offers. Your first impression decides whether the visitor is going to be your potential customer or not. Here at One Stop Media, we are Melbourne\u2019s leading website design company and are committed to creating an ever-lasting impression. We specialize in innovative web designs that will not only attract traffic to your website but convert your potential customers into buyers.\nGet In Touch\n5 Steps that can make any Business Grow\nWe are Melbourne\u2019s leading web design age", "odified to access spare tire amp rack.\n1 sub-floor panel.\n$400 for all parts.\nAble to paint or upholster fiberglass parts for additional fee.\nNot sure how to..", "What types of individuals can benefit from Scribo's academic editing services", "What are the main components of the MATCH function's syntax in Excel", "Spain, [but] I do not know when.\n\"I cannot say [where] because I do not know how things are, but I have more family links to Madrid than Barcelona. And, yes, I like Real Madrid a little more than Atletico.\"\nA recent report from Spanish newspaper AS claimed that Aubameyang's representatives have already spoken to Real Madrid officials and agreed on a pre-contract agreement ahead of the summer window.\nAll is needed now, it would seem, is for Florentino Perez to cough up to required \u20ac100m to sign him. While Real Madrid certainly have spent that kind of money in the past, they may have to generate some funds through player sales first.\nSecond blow for Dortmund\nThe quotes come at a bad time for Dortmund manager Thomas Tuchel, who has had to deal with Mats Hummels's alleged request to join their Bundesliga rivals Bayern Munich in the summer.\nDortmund officially confirmed the request on their official website but claimed that no transfer fee had been agreed with Bayern and have since confirmed their (unknown) asking price is non-negotiable.\n\"We named our price and that is non-negotiable,\" Watzke told Suddeutschen Zeitung. \"They either match our asking price or the deal is off.\"\nHummels was jeered by large portions of theWestfalenstadion during Saturday's 5-1 win over Wolfsburg while some fans also displayed a banner instructing the centre-back to leave sooner rather than later.", "40. Does anyone have any experience using these mounts. The reviews on Amazon for one brand - were not very good.\nHas anyone had any positive experience with a aftermarket motor mount?\nI purchased the 3 motor mounts for my 2000 from Napa 3 years ago for $113. So far, no problems", "What prank did the narrator play on their girlfriend using their computer", "- All Products are New and from Manufacturer Authorized Retailers\n- 30 day return policy\n- Free Shipping\nNo Additional Fees\n|Weight||1.46 lb (663 g)|\n|Dimensions (DxL)||Approx. 3.28 x 4.46\" (83.4 x 113.3 mm)|\n|Filter Thread||Front: 77 mm|\n|Focal Length||24 - 105mm|\n|Camera Mount Type||Sony E|\n|Aperture||Maximum: f/4Minimum: f/22|\n|Diaphragm Blades||9, Rounded|\n|Elements/Groups||17 / 14|\n|Maximum Reproduction Ratio||1:3.2|\n|Minimum Focus Distance||1.25' (38 cm)|\n|Angle of View||84\u00b0 - 23\u00b0|\n|Format Compatibility||35mm Film / Full-Frame Digital Sensor|\nOverall the Sony FE 24-105mm f/4 G OSS is an obvious choice in the Sony lineup. It may not be able to touch the center quality of the Sony FE 24-70mm f/2.8 GM but the border quality is surprisingly high for such a lens - at least when stopping down to f/5.6. Lateral CAs are moderate.\n+ Consistently sharp at all focal lengths, + Fast, silent autofocus, + Relatively compact and lightweight, + Impressively resistant to flare\nAutofocus failure in AF-C on the Alpha 9\nI recently am a convert to the Sony line of cameras and lenses. I had a Canon 24-105 f4L before on my old setup and picked this lens up as soon as I got my A7RIII. I am very happy with the accurate AF, light and compact form factor, quiet AF, and OSS in low light shots.\nJust got this lens a", "What inspired Britton Matthews to create the website WouldISurviveANuke.com", "What key values do the specialists emphasize in their work process", "The Elite 700s are normally finished in either black or white, but to mark the company's founding by James B Lansing in 1946, JBL has spruced up a limited number of pairs with a special Platinum finish.\nThese JBL headphones boast Bluetooth wireless connectivity and active noise-cancelling, TruNote Auto Sound Calibration software to tune the sound to your taste, plus built-in controls for music playback and a mic for hands-free calls.\nThe headphones officially go on sale for \u00a3250 in the next few weeks, but we've got one pair to give away to a UK reader.\nEntries close on Friday 27th January, UK residents only. Full terms and conditions below.\nTerms and Conditions: 1. No purchase necessary: JBL 70th Anniversary competition is free to enter for all UK residents who have a Facebook account, subject to these Terms. 2. Terms: By following the instructions provided in the Facebook post you are agreeing to these terms and conditions (\u2018the Terms\u2019). 3. How to enter: Simply follow the instructions in the JBL 70th Anniversary Competition post. The JBL 70th Anniversary Competition will only be hosted on Facebook. Only one qualifying entry per person will be considered. 4. Entry requirements: The JBL 70th Anniversary Competition is only open to UK residents aged 18 years or over at the time the Prize is awarded. Emp", "o improve yield, all the way to understanding the best practices and market trends.\nHow TSG can help:\nBiostimulants are emerging as an increasingly important sector in the crop protection industry, and the path to market is challenging due to different states having their own rules. In the US, TSG has extensive experience working with biostimulants at the state level. In Europe, recently a new regulation has been approved which lays down the rules on EU fertilising products. The European parliament adopts it under the Regulation (EC) No. 2019/1009 and will apply from Jul 2022.\nPlease contact us should you wish to arrange a meeting.\nTo find out more about the event, follow this link", "ite is Google.\nSpeaking to indy100, the creator of the interactive map, Britton Matthews, explained how it evolved from a disagreement with his boss:\nWouldISurviveANuke.com actually started as a joke. I developed it by myself over a weekend five years ago. I am a software developer in Washington state. During lunch one day, my project manager and I got into this discussion about if a nuke dropped on Seattle would we survive.\nMatthews lives in Tukwila, just outside Seattle:\nMy project manager at the time was this loud mouth, cocky, always right kind of guy. He did have a sense of humour though and didn\u2019t mind us poking fun at him. So after this argument I went home and over the weekend made the site just to prove him wrong. I came back Monday and showed him he was wrong. What was humorous to me and my colleges was that someone would go so out of their way to just prove this project manager wrong. We all had a good laugh.\nIn addition to telling you how bad your burns will be in the nuclear fall out, the website also throws up helpful tips in the form of gallows humour. Matthews explained his inspiration for the jokes:\nI am a big fan of the old computer games from Sierra On Line (Kings Quest, Space Quest - all those games from the 80s where you had to type in commands). I decided to pay homage to these games by putting in funny death messages, similar to those games, in my site. Josh Mandel, a comedian and game designer who wrote 'Space Quest 6', 'Freddy Pharkas Frontier Pharmacist', and 'Callahan's crosstime saloon' contributed by also writing some of the death messages.\nMatthews said that the point of the map, despite the jokes, was to prove that \"there really is no surviving a nuclear war\".", "Prowler V6-3.5L VIN G (1999)\naccessory drive belt noise. It also prevents the pulley from contacting the power steering pump when it is installed, causing power steering pump\nor pulley damage.\n2. Install the correct installation spacer into the hub of the power steering pump pulley.\n3. Insert the Pulley Installer, Special Tool C-4063, (without adapters) through hole in spacer. Thread the Installer,", "loyees/ their families of the Promoter, its group companies or any other company involved in the creation and/or administration of the JBL 70th Anniversary Competition are not entitled to enter. 4. Entries close 5pm Friday 27th January 2017. 3. Prize is as stated. 5. Open to UK residents aged 18 or over 6. No cash alternative and prizes are non-transferable. 7. Only one entry per person. 8. Individual winners will be listed at random for each listed prize. 9. Where applicable, prizes may be subject to additional terms and conditions as provided by the prize supplier, and must be agreed to accept the prize. 10. This JBL 70th Anniversary Competition is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter. By entering this JBL 70th Anniversary Competition, entrants understand that they are providing their information to the Promoter and not to Twitter, Instagram or Facebook. All information submitted by entrants will only be used for the purposes of administrating this JBL 70th Anniversary Competition. 11. Entrants will need to adhere to Facebook Guidelines. Which can be found at: https://www.facebook.com/page_guidelines.php. 12. For full terms and conditions click here. The Promoter: Haymarket Media Group, Bridge House, 69 London Road, Twickenham, TW1 3SP.", "What should a customer consider regarding changes to existing travel dates and ticket types", "nd had a hard time finding reviews on this. This is a great \u201ceveryday\u201d lens. I have this on my camera most of the time as it is a great range for most occasions.\nI haven't had a chance to use it extensively yet, but I was able to take it out for a landscape shoot this past weekend and was very pleased with the sharpness and contrast. I would like it better if it was a little faster lens of around 2.8 for better bokeh.\nI bought this lens because I wanted two things: a step up in quality from my Sony 28-70mm kit lens and a greater focal range for travel. Although this lens adds quite some weight to your bag, the results are worth it.\nGood Build Quality, Great Picture Quality\nFocussing performance much better than the A711 kit lens and the increased zoom range is useful. I have not found the additional weight to be an issue. Images are very sharp with good colour balance.\nbought this lens to go with my new A7iii, a great match, great images\nGood general use Lens which is light enough to carry\nGot the lens in the mail along with brand new Sony A7iii, and headed off to a national volleyball tourney. Photos are tremendous! Not sure if it's the camera, the lens, or (probably) both.\nI Bought this lens recently but have been using almost daily.\nThis is a great walk around lens. Crisp and a joy to use.", "Ears of Experience Terms and Conditions\nDisney Ticket Store Terms & Conditions Tickets are nonrefundable and revocable. All prices are in US dollars.\nProfessional service packages (if included) are non-refundable. Please speak to your travel advisor about travel insurance plans that could include this service.\nTicket orders are not accepted until confirmed with confirmation number. Due to various restrictions and limitations, tickets cannot be shipped to all locations. Title to the tickets passes upon delivery of the tickets in Lake Buena Vista, Florida to the shipper. The recipient is responsible for any duty or custom charges or expenses. Persons who are requesting tickets to be shipped to friends or family members outside the USA should so note.\nEach ticket admits one person. Each ticket is nontransferable and must be used by the same person on any and all days. Disney is not responsible for lost or stolen tickets. Parks, attractions or entertainment may change operating hours; close due to refurbishing, capacity, low demand, weather, special events or other reasons; and may otherwise change or be discontinued without notice and without liability to the owners of the Walt Disney World\u00ae Resort. Unless otherwise specifically stated, tickets are not valid for special or premium events or other activities which are separately priced. Tickets are not valid for any park commencing operation after November 1, 2019. It is agreed between owners of the Walt Disney World\u00ae Resort and ticket users that all claims for injury or loss arising incident to presence on owners\u2019 property shall be litigated in Florida. The owners of the Walt Disney World\u00ae Resort reserve the right to refuse admittance to any person or persons.\nPersons under the age of 14 years must be accompanied by someone 14 years of age or older while attending Magic Kingdom\u00ae Park, Epcot\u00ae, Disney\u2019s Hollywood Studios\u00ae, Disney\u2019s Animal Kingdom\u00ae Theme Park, NBA Experience, Disney\u2019s Blizzard Beach Water Park, or Disney\u2019s Typhoon Lagoon Water Park. Please see park rules at https://disneyworld.disney.go.com/park-rules/\nTickets may not be resold. Disney reserves the right to cancel the sale of any unshipped tickets.\nThese Terms and Conditions for Ticket Orders are subject to change by Disney Destinations, LLC.\nAll sales of tickets take place in and are consummated in the State of Florida. These Terms and Conditions for Ticket Orders shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.\nFor ticket only purchases, the total cost is due at the time of booking for the reservation to be confirmed. The deposit is determined by the destination vendor. All payments are due according to the payment requirements for each destination vendor. Gifts cards and credit cards should be kept until travel is complete Most travel require that refunds go back to the original form of payment.\nCancellation and Refund Policy\nDisney Ticket Store Terms & Conditions Tickets are nonrefundable and revocable. Any refunds allowed by a destination vendor is its sole discretion and they reserve the right to make refunds in accordance with the method that payment was received.\nChange Fees and Changes to Tickets Made Prior to Guest Arrival\nIf changes are made to the tickets, including but not", "An Insider\u2019s View\nBerlin has a little bit of something for everyone. Guest lists, trendy outfits and high society are all things of the past. If the bouncer tells you that your name is not on the guest list, it just means that he doesn\u2019t like you. There are no guest lists. In fact, some bars will turn men away if they have a button down shirt on. \u201cPlease, Only T-shirts tonight.\u201d Grungy clothes may even get you further t", "What is the deadline for submitting objections to the planning team", "What are the components the user purchased for their AMD Threadripper build", "What should you do to potentially solve the problem of an Error 1006 (000003EE) when installing Avast antivirus", "When is The St. Regis Astana scheduled to open", "aph Travel. While Christmas trees are traditionally associated with Christian symbolism, their modern use is largely secular. Martinhal Cascais Family Hotel. More effort.\nDepicted with round, variously colored ornaments and topped with a yellow star. More Christmas Fun Because of the COVID-19/Coronavirus Pandemic, many of the ways that Christmas is celebrated might be different this year. The word is recorded as Cr\u012bstesm\u00e6sse in 1038 and Cristes-messe in 1131.\nChristmas Carols, Hymns and Songs Free for you to enjoy during the Christmas Season from Shiloh Worship Music as we remember that \u201cJesus Is The Reason For The Season\u201d. The main pool is set in stylish wooden terrace. Coloring In Pictures, Christmas Karaoke, Christmas Puzzles, Make the Magi and lots of yummy Christmas Recipes. In 1882, three years after Edison invented the first sensible light bulb, Edward H.\nChristmas is an annual holiday commemorating the birth of Jesus Christ. Listen here for timeless Christmas carols across all decades and genres. More Christmas images.\nThe development is the latest in the series of luxury family experiences by the award-winning Elegant Group, the owners and developers of the luxurious Martinhal brand. Martinhal Residences will offer a range of attractive options designed for multi-generational living. Its versatile, spacious rooms and its closeness to Lisbon makes the Martinhal Cascais the place to stay for an unforgettable family vacation. 65 Beautiful Christmas Tree Decorating Ideas 88 Photos Trim your tree with our unique DIY projects and design tips from holiday decorating pros.\nCHRISTMAS LECTURES. Carefully detailed, designed and sold fully furnished to the highest standards these stunning apartments \u2013studios to 5 bedroom residences will be the best in their class and enjoy access to unique Martinhal services. Start our 7-day trial and you can send free Christmas. If you find a mistake, please let us know. Here you will find a wide collection of santa jokes and funny christmas jokes for you to enjoy, use, and forward. Overall the staff are excellent but could do more to organise activities especially on poor weather days. Wish a Merry Christmas to loved ones this holiday season with Christmas cards from Zazzle! The Martinhal brand has another resort in the prestigious Quinta do Lago area in the Algarve surrounded by 4 award-winning golf courses \u2013 Martinhal Quinta Family Resort.\nDownload free and high-quality christmas images you can use for xmas cards, Facebook posts or anything else. Positioned within a protected natural park near the historic fishing port of Sagres, on Portugal\u2019s unspoiled western Algarve coast, Martinhal is where luxury meets Nature. Indoor Christmas D\u00e9cor. Start a Free Trial Today to Send Unlimited Christmas Ecards. Christmas in the garden 7 November \u2013 3 January.\nWith Kaitlyn Leeb, Scott Cavalheiro, Mark Ghanim&233;, Kristen Kurnik. The Industry Starting Price (ISP) for MARTINHAL (IRE) was 5/2 (Betfair SP 3. The classic ghost story by Charles Dickens, abridged in 9 episodes. See more videos for Christmas. For a stay in the heart of Lisbon\u2019s city center, Martinhal Chiado Family Suites, in the prestigious Chiado neighborhood is the perfect spot for families on a city break. Fortunately, this is something the Martinhal hotel group in Portugal knows only too well. These include the importance of candles and decorations made from evergreen bushes and tree, symbolizing everlasting light and life. I visited their Sagres hotel a few years ago, and stayed in their family resort in Cascais just after Christmas last year, but I figured this was going to be a totally different experience.\n\u041f\u044f\u0442\u0438\u0437\u0432\u0435\u0437\u0434\u043e\u0447\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u043a\u0443\u0440\u043e\u0440\u0442\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u043e\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044c Martinhal Sagres \u0441 \u0432\u0438\u0434\u043e\u043c \u043d\u0430 \u043f\u043b\u044f\u0436 \u043d\u0430\u0445\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0442\u0441\u044f \u0432 \u0440\u0435\u0433\u0438\u043e\u043d\u0435 \u0410\u043b\u0433\u0430\u0440\u0432\u0435, \u0432 3 \u043a\u043c \u043e\u0442 \u0438\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0440\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0433\u043e \u0440\u044b\u0431\u043d\u043e\u0433\u043e \u043f\u043e\u0440\u0442\u0430 \u0421\u0430\u0433\u0440\u0435\u0448. Martinhal Club is a luxury resort located in front of the 5th roundabout in the heart of Quinta do Lago, Algarve. Spreading cheer with Christmas gifts is only one part of the season. Martinhal-beach-resort In a stunning position overlooking Martinhal Beach and set within a protected natural park, Martinhal Beach Resort & Hotel is located close to the historic town of Sagres on the unspoiled Western Algarve. Christmas Tree Decorations - use alt shift right arrow to open the sub menu. Martinhal Sagres Family Resort is an Algarve luxury hotel in Sagres on the beachfront, with stylish rooms and spa. Credit: Paul Wilkinson and John Allen. If you would like to know how many sleeps there are left until Christmas then all you need to do is add 1 to the number of days.\nFind yummy Christmas recipes, Christmas stories, Christmas entertainment and free games to play. Designed to reflect an eclectic blend of modern sophistication, Portuguese cultural influences, and family-friendly features. Find out what to see and do as the capital is transformed with huge Christmas trees, festive decorations and twinkling London Christmas lights. Martinhal offers a luxury family holiday experience with high class family-friendly facilities in some of the most prestigious areas in Portugal. For outdoors, find Christmas light projectors, Christmas reindeer, Christmas gnomes, Christmas yard signs, holiday placemats, Christmas outdoor mats, Star Wars Christmas projector, white Christmas village houses and blue and white outdoor Christmas decorations to give your friends and family a warm holiday welcome.\nGet prepared for Christmas with the Good Housekeeping Christmas countdown, Christmas recipes, tried and tested Christmas toys and Christmas gift ideas. Hier sollte eine Beschreibung angezeigt werden, diese Seite l&228;sst dies jedoch nicht zu. The award-winning Elegant Group that delivered the luxury Martinhal Family Hotels & Resorts in Portugal\u2019s premier locations, has tailored its successful managed buy-to-let Real Estate scheme to these new apartment residences in Lisbon\u2019s most modern yet family-friendly neighbourhood. Beautiful Merry Christmas wishes, Christmas cards and ecards to share the spirit of peace and joy with your friends and family and make their Christmas a memorable one. For unforgettable family holiday memories, look no further than Martinhal. Alfredo Mart\u00ednez-\u00c1lvarez and his cousin, Miguel Qui\u00f1ones Coll, began, with the Martinal Companies, the administration of residential and commercial properties.\n1 Place for Fun! The earlier term Yule may have derived from the Germanic j\u014dl or the Anglo-Saxon ge\u014dl, which referred to the feast of the winter solstice. Follow horse racing with Alex Hammond on Sky Sports - get live racing results, racecards, news, videos, photos, stats (horses & jockeys), plus daily tips.\n5\u201d turquoise blue vintage-inspired radio and enjoy songs by the original artists such as Smokey Robinson and Bing Crosby. For two millennia, people around the world have been observing it. In Roman times, a mi.\nCreated with MAGIX Video Pro X3. Add cozy accents with decor staples like flameless candles, cheerful figures, decorative. Fill up the biscuit tin for the Christmas holidays with these gorgeous lemon star biscuits with a lemon curd filling. From the can&39;t-miss classics to fun, new twists, we&39;ve got hundreds of reasons for you to turn your oven on this holiday season\u2014and leave it on! 12p/11c: A Wish for Christmas 2/1c: Finding Santa 4/3c: A December Bride 6/5c: Christmas Getaway 8/7c: The Most Wonderful Time of the Year 10/9c: Christmas Town. Prices from 260,000 \u20ac (studio) till 1,400,000 \u20ac (3 bedroom apartment). Rooms open to furnished balconies or patios.\nWhy did God do such a thing? Martinhal Family Hotels & Resorts Go to All Members Specializing in hassle-free travel for parents with kids in tow, families need not look further than Martinhal Family Hotels & Resorts. &0183;&32;Hotel Martinhal Deals Shipping is free. They're made with little pieces of peppermint candy canes for. Now, count your blessings and share the Christmas spirit.\n&0183;&32;Directed by Eric Close. Listen to Christmas Music 365 days a year on the K-LOV", "What issues regarding ethics and recruiting practices are raised in the investigation of Nick Saban and the University of Alabama", "Yemeni Museums and Corpus of Inscriptions from the British Museum.\nMost part of the texts comes from the region of Hamd\u0101n (jabal Riy\u0101m, al-\u1e24uqqa, \u1e24\u0101z, N\u0101\u02bfi\u1e6d), and consists of dedications to local varieties of the God T\u02belb or other deities. Some of those are written on bronze, like the corpus of the tablets from \u02bfAmr\u0101n. Particularly relevant from the cultural point of view are an edict regulating homicide (CIH 126) and a dedication to T\u02belb which is also a political \"manifesto\" of a king of S\u00b9m\u02bfy (CIH 37). Interesting inscriptions from cities of the Jawf (al-Bay\u1e0d\u0101\u02be, as-Sawd\u0101\u02be) and from the temple of Ma\u1e25r\u0101m Bilq\u012bs in M\u0101rib, mainly housed in the museums of Yemen, are also included in this corpus.\nThis is the corpus home page. You can begin the consultation of the whole corpus by using the indexes and tools menu on the left or you can consult only one of its sub-corpora, when present, by choosing from the list below.", "Airdrie Looking Beyond Indian Charlie\nWritten by Ian Tapp | Feb 20, 2012 |\nLast year didn\u2019t end well for Airdrie Stud\u2014how could it when you lose a top stallion like Indian Charlie? Curious to hear how everyone at the farm is adjusting, last week I spoke with Ben Henley, who handles bloodstock services at Airdrie. Ben summed it up pretty well:\n\u201cLosing Indian Charlie was a terrible blow, not only to everybody here at the farm and his shareholders, but to the industry as a whole. He was a terrific outcross for most sire lines that are around at the moment and his best days were ahead of him. He\u2019d been covering some outstanding books of mares the past few years and I think we\u2019ll see his impact reflected in the success that these unraced babies will achieve. From a personal note, I will dearly miss him as he was the most kind and trustworthy character you could imagine. But we must move on. We all feel very lucky to have had the opportunity to work with such an outstanding sire as Indian Charlie.\u201d\nAnd in moving on, Ben and the rest of the Airdrie team are very excited about Brother Derek (TrueNicks,SRO) and Divine Park (TrueNicks,SRO), who have first crop 2-year-olds this year. Airdrie has supported both stallions with over 25 of their own mares each season, so Ben is quite familiar with their young progeny.\n\u201cWe feel they both have a chance to have a real impact on the breed,\u201d Ben said. \u201cHopefully they can follow in the footsteps of the barn mate they recently lost.\u201d\n|Brother Derek, photo by Joy Gilbert|\nBen said that Brother Derek\u2014who won the Hollywood Futurity and Santa Anita Derby (both gr. I)\u2014has nice foals from a wide range of broodmare sires. Among these are Copelan, Indian Charlie, Smart Strike, Tiznow, Carson City, Wild Event, Fortunate Prospect, Proud Citizen, Lil E. Tee, Thunder Gulch, Kennedy Road, Harla", "What was the impact of losing the stallion Indian Charlie on Airdrie Stud and the breeding industry according to Ben Henley", "What is the modern use of Christmas trees associated with", "or the opposing statement. The arguments used by both candidates looked well built, from the logical point of view. I wondered then, [\u2026]Read more \"UNVEILING LIES. THE SCHOPENHAUER\u2019S FILTER", "Long seq/runs faint\nmarcos at techunix.technion.ac.il\nTue Nov 22 05:57:10 EST 1994\nI have a problem with my sequencing gels. Even when the\nreactions look perfect and strong, if we try to run them long, the whole\nthing just faints, and we hardly can read the longest runs. The short\nones are OK. We have an Owl system with\n43cm long gels, and run the st", "TSX Classifieds Archives\n2 15inch fiberglass sub enclosures.\n1 fiberglass amp rack.\n2 factory side panels, modified to fit enclosures.\n1 factory floor panel, m"]}