{"q_indices": [106, 87, 124, 79, 31, 45, 53, 89, 98, 74, 113, 7, 19, 51, 83, 23, 91, 41, 13, 96, 64, 121, 42, 22, 62, 0, 46, 26, 116, 43, 15, 12, 44, 3, 4, 76, 103, 100, 75, 85, 71, 2, 97, 38, 56, 84, 105, 92, 82, 40, 102, 39, 72, 86, 1, 107, 33, 80, 18, 47, 118, 101, 27, 57], "a_indices": [94, 20, 9, 99, 90, 6, 11, 28, 117, 34, 95, 60, 70, 8, 10, 24, 88, 55, 54, 108, 119, 67, 65, 104, 21, 59, 122, 127, 63, 37, 35, 17, 48, 109, 81, 69, 29, 52, 111, 114, 32, 73, 110, 58, 5, 120, 25, 93, 115, 36, 78, 77, 126, 16, 50, 123, 49, 30, 61, 68, 125, 66, 14, 112], "texts": ["What qualities do clients attribute to the company, and how is their relationship with clients described", "What is the name of the first free plug-in released by SoundBytes magazine for its readers", "Which teams are the Falconets scheduled to play against in the tournament", "What advice does the author give regarding asking for help in difficult times", "When did Disneyland Paris first open its doors to guests", "Did US nuke Hiroshima, Nagasaki to advance 'imperialistic goals'?\n'The B-29 bomber the \u2018Enola Gay\u2019 arrived over Hiroshima early on that summer\u2019s morning carrying a nuclear payload symbolizing the exaltation of death, destruction, and brute force as the summit of an Enlightenment, which had ushered into being the liberal values that underpin Western democracy. They were encapsulated by the painter Pablo Picasso, who said of the event, \u201cThe genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima.\u201d\nThat the dropping of the bomb was justified in the cause of those democratic values merely adds another layer of insanity to what by any measure was one of the greatest crimes in human history.\nThose who defend the dropping of the bomb on Hiroshima, followed by a second bomb on Nagasaki days later, assert that they actually saved lives in bringing a speedier end to the war than would have occurred otherwise. They cite the heavy casualties US forces suffered during the series of battles to take control of the Pacific islands that lay between Hawaii and Japan, a casualty rate which suggested that a land invasion of Japan itself would exact a terrible price on the troops, convinced that the fanatical resistance by the Japanese army hitherto would be even more fanatical when it came to defending mainland Japan.\nHowever this view was refuted by General Douglas McArthur, the top US commander in the Pacific, who said that the Japanese were \u201calready beaten\u201d by the time of the bomb, a view endorsed by the head of US air operations in the Pacific, General Curtis LeMay, who asserted that, \u201cEven without the atomic bomb and the Russian entry into the war, Japan would have surrendered in two weeks.\u201d\nMcArthur and LeMay had good reason to hold this view, as by the time of Hiroshima the country\u2019s military was both exhausted and decimated, while Japan\u2019s infrastructure had been almost completely destroyed. Compounding the sense of defeat was the prospect of a Soviet invasion erupting across its northern border, what with Germany defeated months previously and the complete attention of the Allies having now turned to the Pacific theater.\nIndeed, the scale of destruction and the loss of civilian life as a consequence of the US conventional bombing campaign that had been waged against Japan in the weeks and months previously qualified as a war crime by itself. The fire-bombing of Tokyo on March 9-10, 1945, for example, involved 334 aircraft dropping incendiary bombs consisting of napalm, thermite, and white phosphorous. An estimated 100,000 people were killed and thousands more injured, many horrifically. Curtis LeMay, rather than lamenting, gloried in the carnage it wrought, revealing that the victims were \u201cscorched and boiled and baked to death.\u201d\nOver a hundred Japanese cities were fire-bombed prior to Hiroshima, prompting future US Defense Secretary Robert McNamara, a member of LeMay\u2019s staff, to conclude that, had the United States lost the war, \u2018they\u2019 would all be charged as war criminals.\nFrom the scientists and engineers who applied themselves to the task of creating and building the world\u2019s first atomic bomb, to the pilots and aircrew who flew it to its target, doing so in the knowledge of the awful destruction it would unleash, it is still difficult to comprehend the ability of so many to carry out a process with such a horrific objective in mind. Yet by then the Japanese had been so dehumanized and demonized by US propaganda there was little if any sympathy when it came to slaughtering them in large numbers. The brutal atrocities committed by the Japanese armed forces against prisoners of war and people under their occupation fed a narrativ", "fired a bone javelin out of his forearm that managed to lightly damage the half-Oni juggernaut Gouta.\nWhile they did not have any obvious weaknesses, Nakamura Eiji dispatched one by slicing open its chest and impaling the heart. The other two were, after starting to grow bone at an uncontrolled and alarming rate, thrown by Gouta into the nearby woods, where they exploded into shrapnel.", "What is the purpose of the Professional Readiness Engagement Program (PREP) at the University of South Alabama", "uggested Pairing: Coffee from the Original Starbucks just down the road\nTry the Macarons (via @Foodspotting)\nYou can't go wrong here. Don't mistake it for a tourist trap, it's the closest you can get to actual French bread\nMore Dessert Restaurants in Seattle\nReviews and News\nThe Dish: Now that Thanksgiving is behind us, just try finding a pumpkin pie in Seattle. It sells out pretty quickly around... More on Le Panier - Very French Bakery \u00bb\nBakeries/Pastries Bakery Nouveau 4737 California Ave. S.W., 923-0534bakerynouveau.com/welcome B&O Espresso 204 Belmont... More on Le Panier - Very French Bakery", "Neville Brody is an alumnus of the London College of Communication, and Hornsey College of Art, London. After graduating, he designed record covers for artists, such as Cabaret Voltaire, and Depeche Mode. It was a natural next step to move into magazine design. Neville is acclaimed for his ground- breaking work as Art Director for The Face magazine in the 1980s. In 1994 he formed his own studio (now Brody Associates). He has designed identities for the Guardian, Th", "I spent the day at home, accomplishing just enough work to say that I did something, but mainly resting. Our Nanny came and took ChellBell swimming, and the house was very quiet most of the day. It was interesting to see what our house must be like while we are at work.\nThe Big Dog slept all day except when his senses told him that there might just be a squirrel in the yard, and then he would get up, lumber around to the closest window, and begin barking loudly at the squirrel (or the yard if there was no squirrel) just to make everyone knew that a Big Dog was waiting inside.\nThe Little Dog is a cat-napper. He sleeps for just a short bit and then walks around looking for someone to give him attention, either trying to pick a fight with the Big Dog (just to have someone to play with), or coming over to see if I w", "THE FOURTH largest island in the Cooks group, Mitiaro is of volcanic origin. Standing in water 14,750 feet deep (4500 m) it is four miles (6.4 km) across at its widest point. It is surrounded by the belt of fossilised coral -- makatea -- between 20 and 40 feet high (6 to 9 m) characteristic of islands in the southern group. The centre is almost flat, quite swampy and contains two freshwater lakes teeming with eels (itiki) and the imported tilapia from Africa where it is known as bream. Beaches are limited but there are crystal clear pools ideal for a cooling swim in the subterranean limestone caves and the beach at low tide abounds in interesting marine life.\nMitiaro is definitely a place for visitor", "What mechanisms are outlined in the legislation to enforce compliance regarding the employment of noncitizens without work entitlement", "What renovation did the author have planned for their bathroom", "ROME, May 7 (Reuters) Roger Federer once again came off second-best to arch-rival Rafael Nadal when he was knocked out in the first round of the doubles at the Rome Masters today.\nFederer and his fellow Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka were edged out by Nadal and former French Open champion Carlos Moya 6-4 7-6.\nThe defeat was Federer's third to Nadal in less than a month, having already been beaten in the final of the Monte Carlo Masters and then again in an exhibition match on a half-clay half-grass court in Mallorca.\nNadal and Federer had only met once previously in doubles -- at Indian Wells in 2004, w", "What are the primary reasons the Australian government believes it is important to curb illegal work practices", "ay was successfully turned in. 3 out of 5 essays completed! Then, in the midst of making plans for the next week, I got an email from my boss asking for a 1200 word essay on a marketing research topic for our company blog. Alas. I can\u2019t complain, as I\u2019m paid well for my work. But goodness, when it rains it pours (or should I say, when it snows, it really comes down\u2026there, you can anticipate what\u2019s coming later in this post).\nSunday was a nice break from all the writing. Diana, Dori, Wendy, Edel and I went to Nando\u2019s for lunch after church. Nando\u2019s is known for their spicy chicken, seasoned with peri-peri sauce. If you know me well, you\u2019ll know I doused my salad with extra hot sauce.\nDiana and I then enjoyed an afternoon together, ending with a nice cuppa and chat in her flat.\nThe next day, I had the 4th and 5th essays of my exam period. They were great. After relaxing a bit, I banged out a bit of the 6th and final essay, and then enjoyed a tellie serial called \u201cBroadchurch\u201d with Margaret. It is a complex crime drama and different from anything I\u2019ve ever seen before. We agreed that you can\u2019t sit back and relax during the show. You have to focus pretty intently to figure out the connections between characters.\nWell, Tuesday morning rolled around and we had quite the blanket of snow on the ground. It wasn\u2019t too bad getting into to town. There, Rachel Smyth and I enjoyed an afternoon\u2019s outing together. Getting back home was a different story. The bus came late and then took 45 minutes to go a quarter mile. I knew I\u2019d be much better off walking, so I hopped off the bus and walked the 3.5 miles home in the snow. It was fine until the last stretch when the snow was blowing in my eyes. It was invigorating if nothing more \ud83d\ude42\nDiana and I were planning to go to the cinema in the evening to watch \u201cThe Theory of Everything\u201d \u2013 the new movie about Stephen Hawking. I was really excited to see it, but the snow precluded our going.\nUnfortunately, it\u2019s just gotten worse this morning. Most of the schools are closed and public transportation is limited. This would be fine, except\u2026.Lauren is leaving DC today to come visit me. Humph\u2026.the snow has impeccable timing.", "s achieved through graduated tiers of education, warnings, infringement notices, non-fault civil penalties and criminal penalties. The legislation\u2019s key amendments include amending the criminal offences and creating new non-fault civil penalty provisions and an infringement notice scheme for people who allow or refer an unlawful noncitizen to work, or allow or refer a lawful noncitizen to work in breach of a work related condition; creating statutory defences where reasonable attempts are taken at reasonable times to verify a foreign national worker\u2019s entitlement to work; broadening the application of criminal offences and civil penalty provisions to hold a person liable for participating in an arrangement, or series of arrangements, that result in a foreign national working without lawful entitlement; extending both criminal and civil liability in certain circumstances to executive officers of bodies corporate, partners in a partnership and members of an unincorporated association\u2019s committee of management; and creating search-warrant and notice-to-produce powers specifically to facilitate the investigation of suspected breaches of these offences and civil penalties.\nSo, I will explain the tiered enforcement model. Firstly, businesses are informed and educated on the requirement that only noncitizens with a visa that allows work are entitled to work. This will be achieved through a revamped education and information campaign. Then, where departmental officers identify a business or employer who is not complying with the legislation, they will usually issue an illegal-worker-warning notice. Subsequent infringement notices may be issues where repeated noncompliance with the legislation is detected. Finally, proceedings for a civil penalty order or prosecutions for criminal offences may be pursued where persistent noncompliance occurs and/or where serious breaches of the legislation are detected.\nWhere departmental officers identify an employer who is not complying with the legislation they will usually issue an illegal-worker-warning notice. These notices are available under the current act. Where repeated noncompliance with the legislation is detected, the department can then issue an infringement notice. Proceedings for a civil penalty order or prosecutions for criminal offences may be pursued in cases where the department finds persistent noncompliance or serious breaches of the legislation.\nThere has been extensive consultation on the measures contained in this bill. Mr Howells undertook consultation with key stakeholders, including employer groups, before releasing his report and recommendations. The government conducted further consultations on the recommendations in Mr Howells\u2019s report before releasing an exposure draft of the legislation. And of course there was then consultation on the exposure draft.\nIn drafting the bill, we have given careful consideration to the submissions made by employer and employee groups, government agencies including the Department Immigration and Citizenship and a range of other key stakeholders. Contained within this bill is a comprehensive package of measures, which, I am certain, based on international evidence, will be effective in significantly clamping down on illegal work hire practices. I would like to congratulate the former Minister for Immigration and Citizenship, Chris Bowen, for his carriage of this legislation.\nNow I would like to comment on one of the objections that has been typically raised to sanctioning employers for illegal work hire practices. Some employers say they cannot reasonably be expected to know the work entitlement of prospective employees. The department has overcome this problem with the visa entitlement verification online, or VEVO, system. Through VEVO, employers are able to check whether a named person has a current visa and whether they are permitted to work. Employers without internet access can use the department\u2019s toll free visa entitlement verification faxback service.\nMr Howells took into account the concerns of business when he recommended the creation of statutory defences where a business took reasonable steps to check that a worker or prospective worker had permission to work. These defences are now contained within the bill and define what a reasonable step is. It can include checking a computer system as prescribed by regulations or viewing original documentation such as a visa label in the noncitizen\u2019s passport which demonstrates that they have permission to work. Another defence recognises that an employer or a referee should not be expected to know whether a non-citizen worker is also working elsewhere. In other words, when a noncitizen has a limited entitlement to work, their employer can only be penalised if that worker exceeds their entitlement through the hours worked with that employer. None of these defences, unfortunately, have satisfied the opposition.\nI note that in their contribution to this bill in the other place, the opposition criticised this legislation for introducing new obligations on employers and for imposing red tape and compliance costs. This, as the former Minister for Immigration pointed out in reply, is a furphy. There has not been one additional requirement added to what was already required under the 2007 legislation introduced by the previous government. With this bill, the opposition\u2019s usual negativity appears to have reached new heights. They are now opposing a bill on the basis of something that is not even in the bill. These mythical extra obligations to which those opposite refer do not exist. In fact, as Mr Howells pointed out in his review and as I mentioned earlier, the implementation of the VEVO system means that there is less of a compliance burden on business when it comes to verifying whether a visa holder has an entitlement to work in Australia. VEVO makes it easy for employers to conduct a check, and this is not an onerous requirement.\nThe suite of measures contained in the current bill, the measures which Mr Howells recommended, are not much different to the recommendations handed to the Howard government by their own 1999 review. The coalition rejected them back then too. Those opposite still refuse to accept this advice. They refuse to provide the Department of Immigration and Citizenship with the tools necessary to stop employers engaging in illegal work hire practices and to deal with them under the law.\nThose opposite are just not serious about more jobs for Australians. They opposed the economic stimulus plan, putting 200,000 thousand jobs at risk; they opposed assistance for the auto industry, putting a further 46,000 jobs at risk. Now they oppose effective action to prevent 100,000 or so noncitizens working without permission in Australia, taking jobs that could be going to Australians. I am proud to be part of a government that, by contrast, has created over 800,000 jobs since 2007 election during great global turmoil when jobs were being lost in the millions in other advanced economies. We created 800,000 jobs and kept the unemployment rate steady. We kept it lower than the average unemployment rate during the 12 years of the Howard government, despite the doom and gloom of the coalition when they predicted that the mineral resources rent tax, the Fair Work legislation and the carbon price would result in wholesale job losses. They peddled their doom-and-gloom scenarios and what happened? We did not see wholesale job losses throughout the economy. No, productivity tripled because of the economic reforms put in place by this Gillard Labor government and over 800,000 additional jobs were created.\nThis just goes to show that the Labor Party is the party of jobs. It demonstrates that we are the only party in this place which is serious about creating jobs for Australians and protecting the employment rights and conditions of Australian workers.", "What type of analytics does Market Street use on their website", "What types of pastries and coffee does Le Panier offer", "usually spend the day humming all day long I'd biddy biddy bum, if I was a wealthy man.On our way back, I drop a Twoonie in Violin Guy's case. He gives me a wink. We smile at each other. I feel great!\nThen Robi points out that perhaps street musicians are the answer to weddings and other social functions. And when you think about it, it actually makes sense.\nYou've heard them play already, so you don't have to conduct an audition. And ... they can just prop their case open for donations, so you don't even have to pay them", "SJ Geomatics offer a professional, friendly, cost-effective and time-sensitive service and a wealth of experience.\nSJ Geomatics offer a professional, friendly, cost-effective and time-sensitive service with a wealth of experience. We work nationwide and have worked for national companies, local authorities, small to large building companies, architects, project managers, facilities managers, structural engineers and many other clients.\nOur equipment is state of the art. From our RTK GPS units to our dedicated Measured Building Survey software and hardware, y", "What critical considerations are emphasized regarding the assignment of male gender, particularly in relation to intersex individuals", "What action do the dogs take when the refrigerator door is opened", "ould scratch his ears. Then he'd lay down for another 15 minutes and start his little social parade all over again. I am convinced that this is where the shoe chewing and bad behavior must take place when I'm gone -- it cures his boredom.\nInteresting that both dogs will snap out of the deepest sleep when the refrigerator door is opened. I know people say that dogs have a keen sense of smell, but my dogs have bionic ears. No bag of chips or pantry door can be opened without the dogs waking up and racing downstairs to beg for a treat.\nChris and ChellBell are back home, dinner dishes need to be washed, the TV is on, the dogs are no longer tired (on account of them sleeping all day). The phone is starting to ring, and there is no more quiet in this house.\nAh, but it was nice while it lasted.\nBack to work tomorrow...", "Students flying in from out of town will be arriving at the Raleigh-Durham Regional Airport better known simply as RDU. RDU is located in North Raleigh and is 18 miles or about 20 minutes south-east of Chapel Hill. RDU is very user-friendly regional airport with two terminals. serves Southwest and Air Tran airlines while Terminal 2 serves Air Canada, American Airlines, American Eagle, Continental, Delta, Jet Blue, United, US Airways, and Vision.\nare available to get you to Cha", "What features are included in the personalized search engine mentioned in the text segment", "Who did Roger Federer lose to in the first round of the doubles at the Rome Masters", "s who like peace and quiet and a chance to read those big books they have always promised themselves they would finish!\nThe unfortunate islanders had a pre-European history of harassment and subjugation by the warlike Atiuans and suffered greatly from this. When the ubiquitous ex-ironmonger-turned-missionary, John Williams arrived to convert the Mitiaroans on June 20 1823 the population was fewer than 100.\nAir Rarotonga flies to Mitiaro from Rarotonga Monday, Wednesday and Thursday.\nAlso in Swedish\n|Contents | Location | History | People | Art | Religion | Travel | Events | Sea sport | Govt | Offshore | Investment | Bulletin Board|\nSite designed, constructed\nand maintained by\nRevised: September 3 201", "I'm pretty new to mastering and I recently did a Master for a friend and we're trying to figure out a problem to a solution that I was hoping someone would know. Hopefully I attached the file correctly haha.\nHe said on his Dad's Bose system that the song sounds \"wavy\" and \"over driven\" I think I figured out the wavyness. On my TV has a audio setting called \"steady Audio\" turning that off seemed to work for the wavyness, but I'd have to hear it on his system to know. Also, he said when the vocal comes in on the verse the guitar goes away. (im thinking its because you start focusing on the vocal, but I didnt key input the vocal on the guitar when I mixed it) As for the distortion I think I maybe be hitting the limiters to hard and not compressing enough...??? It defiantly sounds like an over saturation type distortion to me because it didn't distort before I \"mastered\" it haha\nIf you listen to the file, obviously he wanted it as loud as possible. I don't really want to start a \"loudness war\" debate type thing, I just want to maybe get/share ideas, pointers, and techniques. Thats the whole point right?\nAny pointers on this master? Maybe even changing the mix or tracking?\nSounds waaaaaaay too loud to me.\nToo much compression/limiting artifacts eg \"vocal comes in on the verse the g", "t least six months of the year.\nCanadians moving from another province must wait three months before applying. During this time, they can still receive coverage in their home province.\nNewcomers to Canada will need to provide proof of permanent residency. If you have permanent resident status, you're eligible for coverage the day you arrive. Otherwise, you'll need to wait until you receive your card.\nThe Manitoba Health Card\nOnce you've proven your eligibility, you will receive an MB health card. This is a paper certificate, which lists you and your dependents. It declares you eligible to receive health services in Manitoba.\nYou need to carry your Manitoba medical card with you everywhere. You never know when you may be in an accident or need emergency health services. Carrying your card will ensure you have access to the health services you need whenever you need them.\nYou should also make sure your card is up to date. If you change your name or get married, you should update your card. You'll also need to update it if you change addresses.\nWhat Happens if You Leave Manitoba?\nMany Manitoba residents travel. Some people travel for work, while others will travel for pleasure. If you travel outside of Manitoba, you may wonder what kind of coverage you have.\nGenerally speaking, you have limited coverage once you leave the province. If you travel outside of Canada, you will have coverage for emergency services only. If you were admitted to the hospital because of a car accident, you would have coverage.\nYou could still end up with a large bill, as Manitoba Health only pays what a Manitoba doctor would receive. Manitoba Health also uses a fixed rate to determine how much it will pay for hospital services. Where costs run higher, such as in the United States, it may be up to you to pay the rest.\nDo You Need More Coverage?\nManitoba's health care plan covers a wide range of health services. It's designed to meet many of the health needs of residents of Manitoba. Despite this, it most definitely doesn't cover every health service you may need.\nIf you plan to travel outside the province, it's a wise idea to look into travel insurance. A good insurance policy will ensure you're well covered while you travel. It can also help you make up any difference Manitoba Health won't cover.\nEven if you don't travel much, you might want to consider more private insurance to top up your coverage. Private plans may offer extra funds for some partially covered services. They may also provide coverage for services Manitoba Health doesn't cover.\nGiven the limits of the provincial Pharmacare program, private health benefits are a good idea.\nGive Your Coverage a Check-up\nManitoba health insurance covers many health services you and your loved ones need. Additional health insurance can offer you even more peace of mind.\nIf you need more information about what health insurance is right for you, take a look at our guide. Taking care of your health has never been so simple", "What were the physical characteristics of the ronin who attacked the Nakamura army", "WorldStage Newsonline-- The U-20 Women National Team, known as Falconets, departed for Korea Republic on Wednesday for a two-week final training camp ahead of this year\u2019s FIFA U-20 Women\u2019s World Cup finals.\nA delegation including 25 players flew out of the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja in the morning to catch an Emirates Ariline flight to Dubai from Lagos in the afternoon, from where the contingent will proceed to Seoul on Thursday morning.\nHead Coach Edwin Okon, whose girls swept past Zimbabwe and Democratic Republic of Congo in the African qualifiers without conceding a goal, said his mission is to get the reigning vice champions of the world in super competition-mood before the end of the two-week camping period.\n\u201cWe have conquered Africa and now, it is time to prepare for the world. We have a massive task on our hands because the 2010 Class got to the final of the World Cup. We just have to prepare ourselves adequately to be able to go one better,\u201d said Okon.\nThe Nigeria Football Federation has perfected all arrangements for the team\u2019s two-week stay at the Namhe Sports Park,", "What factors are contributing to the population growth in Manitoba", "must choose.\nSo how to present the Exclusive Or? (\"XOR\" when seen in code.) I had vague ideas of someone airborne having to choose between two ledges before I settled on the idea of the choices both being the part that would complete a heart. In each half, I intended to fill the half-hearts with symbols that would could interchange with each other. I considered including references to the red pill and blue pill in The Matrix and maybe montages with serpents and trees. But, ah, entropy.\nThe first design looked very plain. I had neither a working DSL connection at home, nor much of a great personal image library at my disposal. Or more to the point, I didn't have enough time to set up the scanner and sort through boxes of images. But I did have some quick digital photos of an abandoned puzzle along my walking commute. And - the pieces would work well, being suitably abstract. They reflected my renewed zest for puzzles and games at the time I created this card. Being a mental activity, they reflected the Air Sign significance of Gemini.\nI discovered the hard way just how quickly I forget how to use Photoshop and how abominably slow it runs on my Mac. It's a G3, dammit. I read most of Understanding Comics while waiting for the processor to catch up with me.\n(And wow, Kinko's may be wonderful, but they're not cheap.)\nIf I were to redo this card, I'd add wings to the heart, since the real angel of truth is in one's heart of hearts. In the hemi-hearts, I'd make the whole puzzle piece the contrasting one (I had just figured out those filters and flattened some layers when this occurred to me, exactly too late.) I'd hope to switch in real arms and hands, one wrapped in flowers, the other in snake.\nPhotography & Design: Julia C. Tenney\nPuzzle pieces on a Cambridge sidewalk, February 2001\nPrevious Tarot Cards|\nThree of Swords\n0: The Fool", "I rise to speak in regard to the Migration Amendment (Reform of Employers Sanctions) Bill 2012. The problem of people working illegally in Australia is one that this government intends to curb as much as it possibly can. Clamping down on illegal work practices is important not only for the protection of our immigration regime but for the protection of workers themselves.\nNoncitizens engaged in paid employment where their visa conditions do not allow them to do so has a number of consequences. Working without permission takes away work that could be available to people, citizens and noncitizens, who are legitimately entitled to it. We need to maintain the integrity of our migration system and ensure that the economic opportunities available to workers in Australia go to those who are entitled. Large numbers of noncitizens working illegally can distort the labour market; undermine the pay and conditions of legitimate workers, including health and safety conditions; and give employers an unfair competitive advantage over those who are doing the right thing.\nFinally, the practice of working illegally in Australia can have consequences for the illegal workers themselves. The Department of Immigration and Citizenship has found in its investigations that the deliberate and systematic use of illegal workers in significant numbers is often associated with the abuse of these workers, including sexual exploitation, unsafe work practices and underpayment. It is also associated with crimes such as taxation and welfare fraud. At the extreme end of the scale, some of the practices are very disturbing.\nIn the other place, the member for Wills, Mr Kelvin Thomson, included in his contribution to the debate on this bill a detailed explanation of some of the tactics used by criminal organisations to bring women into Australia on student visas for exploitation in the sex industry. I will not go into the detail on that matter as deeply as he did, but I would certainly encourage senators to read his contribution or look at some of the work undertaken by the Victorian parliament\u2019s Drugs and Crime Prevention Committee in its investigations into this issue. I have also spoken on the issue of trafficking and sexual exploitation of workers\u2014just this week, for example, in my contribution on the Crimes Legislation Amendment (Slavery, Slavery-like Conditions and People Trafficking) Bill 2012.\nIt is important that we, the Australian government, do all we can to stop the exploitation of workers. The integrity of our industrial relations system and the benefits this provides for Australian workers relies on having an orderly process for providing work for noncitizens when we authorise it and when it is in Australia\u2019s national interests. Of course, where noncitizens are needed to fill skill shortages that cannot be filled by Australian citizens, there are a range of visa subclasses available to employers and employees under the skilled migration program. In addition, limited work rights are given to some visa holders to allow them to support themselves financially during their stay in Australia.\nThe number of people in Australia on a valid visa who either have no permission to work or have limited permission was around 960,000 as of 31 December 2009. These temporary migrants include students, tourists, business visa holders and working holiday-makers. Among those people are three groups of noncitizens who work in Australia without permission: noncitizens who have a current visa that does not permit work and have taken a job and commenced work; noncitizens who have remained in Australia after the expiry of their visa and have taken a job and commenced work; and noncitizens whose visa permits work, subject to certain conditions, but who are working in breach of these conditions. An example in this last category are noncitizens on student visas who are limited to 20 hours per week but who work in excess of those hours.\nIt is impossible to know how many of these noncitizens are violating the work conditions of their visas, although recent estimates have put the figure at around 100,000. What we can quantify is the number of noncitizens who overstay their visas, which in the past decade or so has fluctuated between around 40,000 and 60,000 every year. The problem may appear relatively small compared with our overall labour market of 10 million workers. However, 100,000 people working without permission is not an insubstantial number.\nAustralia\u2019s lifestyle and living standards are the envy of the world. Noncitizens working in Australia without permission threaten this lifestyle by taking away employment opportunities and undermining hard-won working conditions. The previous government, in recognising this problem, introduced the Migration Amendment (Employer Sanctions) Act in 2007 to provide criminal sanctions for employers and labour suppliers who knowingly employ or refer for work noncitizens who do not have permission to work in Australia. The act quite rightly put some of the onus on employers to check that the workers they were hiring actually had permission to work. It also provided a mechanism to punish those employers and labour hire organisations actively involved in the recruitment and exploitation of illegal workers. The introduction of this act was coupled with an education campaign and administrative warning notices.\nIn 2010, barrister Mr Stephen Howells was engaged by the government to conduct a review of the act. Mr Howells\u2019s review was wide-ranging, examining the effectiveness of the current sanctions, the impact of the regulation on business, and the effectiveness of the systems verifying a person\u2019s right to work based on their visa entitlement or Australian citizenship. Mr Howells found that the criminal sanctions contained in the 2007 act had been ineffective as a deterrent to illegal work hire practices.\nI will paraphrase a few sections of Mr Howells\u2019s report, which goes some way towards explaining why these sanctions have been ineffective. Since the commencement of the Migration Amendment (Employer Sanctions) Act 2007, departmental officers have considered more than 100 instances of possible breach. They have thoroughly investigated at least 10 matters involving what appears to have been the deliberate and systematic use of these workers in significant numbers at identified workplaces. There have been no successfully contested prosecutions under section 245AA to 245AK of the Migration Act 1958 resulting in a recorded conviction and sentencing.\nIn December 2010, one offender was convicted and sentenced after entering a plea of guilty and acknowledging a prior criminal record. The principal reason for the failure of the Migration Amendment (Employer Sanctions) Act provisions is that the best evidence of breach would almost always come from the workers themselves, but their evidence is affected by their complicity or independent culpability under section 235 of the Migration Act. They would normally be removed from Australia as soon as reasonably practicable, as required by section 198 of the Migration Act. The cost and the administrative inconvenience of detaining them pending a trial would be prohibitive.\nIn his report, Mr Howells noted that similar patterns of illegal work practices appeared in the United States, Britain and New Zealand and that the successful responses appeared to be those that included other enforcement mechanisms, such as civil penalties and infringement notices. The compliance regime recommended by Mr Howells is contained in the bill currently before the Senate: the Migration Amendment (Reform of Employer Sanctions) Bill 2012.\nWhat the government is proposing through this bill is a tiered enforcement approach. The scheme is designed to encourage voluntary compliance by business, through education and deterrence, and provide effective sanctions where this does not occur. This i", "er of ideas and resources from veteran educators and researchers for students of all ages and proficiency levels.\nYour esl students need to keep their english skills sharp at all times otherwise, writing english will be as frustrating as cutting veggies with a dull blade it\u2019s time for your students to put pen to paper and explore their creative sides. This esl writing activity is a bit more intensive and will allow your students to employ many different aspects of their esl knowledge crafting a class newsletter will build collaboration, communication, listening, speaking and, of course, writing skills. Writing a formal paragraph: these worksheets are all included in our e-textbook write right: transitions: download this book, including all of the intermediate/advanced worksheets on the left, as well as several additional worksheets, review exercises, and essay assignments for intermediate/advanced esl students.\nCreative writing is a valuable asset both in and out of the classroom in this lesson, you'll be provided with creative writing prompts specifically designed for use in an esl (english as a second. Writing is often one of the last skills mastered by english as a second language students proficiency is usually achieved only after learners can listen, speak, and read at a beginner level it.\nEsl writing exercises beginner writing lessons unit 1 these worksheets are all included in our e-textbook write right: esl writing lessons for beginner students: download this book, which has a total of 9 units (including the units at the left), for just $999", "Hill takes about one hour.\nThe extremely popular NC Museum of Life and Science Santa Train is going to run for 15 nights this holiday season, giving rides every 20 minutes from 5:40 p.m. to 8:20 p.m. on December 3-7, 10-14, and 17-21. Members of the NC Museum of Life + Science can purchase Santa Train tickets starting on November 10 at 12:00 noon. Tickets will be made available to the general public on November 12 at 9:00 a.m. Tickets can be purchased online, or in person at the museum. Apparently, the tickets sold out in four days last year, so act fast if you want to secure a spot on the Santa Train", "What are the different types of mapping facilities mentioned for the distribution map of Flustra foliacea", "What percentage of houses in Suffolk County have cesspools, and who modified previous statements according to Hall", "What writing activities are suggested for ESL students to enhance their skills", "Will replacing the sensor help resolve the P0420 Catalytic Converter issue, and is the vehicle still under emission warranty", "What is true hermaphroditism and what physical findings are observed in the discussed case report", "When will tickets for the NC Museum of Life and Science Santa Train be available to the general public", "What happened to the author while they were on a canoe trip with friends and their church", "How did Nakamura Eiji manage to defeat the half-Oni juggernaut Gouta", "What are the features that make MySearchEngine different from general OS file search engines", "What information is retained about subscribers to the email newsletters, and in what circumstances is it deleted", "I\u2019m guilty of saying, \u201cI got this,\u201d even when I\u2019m drowning. No, seriously, not metaphorically drowning, literally drowning. I was in my late twenties when my wife and I went with our church on a canoe trip. I had been a couple of times and seemed to have the whole paddling and steering thing down. I was thinking, \u201cI got this.\u201d I mean it\u2019s not rocket science, and after all, I was the \u201cman of my canoe.\u201d\nWe decided to break for lunch on a sandbar that was at a turn in the deceptively lazy river. It was a hot day, so we waded out into the water to cool off a bit. I couldn\u2019t help but notice that the sandbar beneath my feet was extremely soft. I stepped forward and again, the sand gave way. This happened several times before I realized that not only was the sand giving way, there was an undercurrent. With each step, I was literally losing ground and falling deeper and deeper under the water. I would pull myself up for a gulp of air thinking the whole time, you guessed it\u2026I got this.\nScreaming for help was not an option, but my face must have conveyed a deep sense of urgency as I one more time pulled myself to the surface. It was feeling close to the last time that I could muster the power in my limbs to thrust myself up.\nA couple of my friends saw what was happening and sprang into action. While I was still attempting to downplay how much danger I was in, there was no denying, I needed help and quick. Had it not been for the quick thinking and observation of my friends that came to my aid, I would not be alive to share this story.\nHad I been prideful and turned down their offers to help, I would have drowned. Played out a bit farther, had I resisted them, and emphatically declared, like we often do, \u201cI got this!\u201d They would have recoiled and remained where they stood, all the while painfully watching me drown.\nEv", "The population of Manitoba is growing faster than the Canadian average. According to Statistics Canada, the province has seen 5.8 percent population growth in recent years.\nOne of the factors in this growth rate has been the migration to the province. Newcomers to Canada are choosing to settle in Manitoba. Canadians from other provinces see job opportunities and other benefits.\nWhether you're a newcomer to Manitoba or a longtime resident, you need to know your Manitoba health care coverage. When you're sick, you want to know where to turn and what coverage you have.\nThis guide will walk you through Manitoba health insurance, including what's covered. We'll also go over how to make sure you have access to the health services you need when you need them.\nWhat's Covered Under Manitoba Health Insurance?\nLike other provinces in Canada, Manitoba health care is publicly funded. Residents of Manitoba have health care coverage for a variety of health services. Taxes fund the health care system.\nCovered services include:\n- visits to your family doctor or other specialists\n- trips to the hospital emergency room\n- some prescriptions\n- most in-patient hospital services\n- some personal home care services, such as basic nursing and daily living assistance\nThe list of covered services is quite lengthy. This means Manitobans have access to many of the health care services they need to live their best lives.\nWhat Isn't Covered?\nManitoba health coverage isn't comprehensive and doesn't cover every health service. There are many procedures and services you'll need to pay for out of pocket. Even if you're eligible for Manitoba health care coverage, you'll need to pay for:\n- most dental services\n- visits to the optometrist for people aged 19 to 64\n- ambulance transportation costs\n- psychologists, dietitians, chiropodists, and podiatrists\n- non-medically necessary procedures, such as cosmetic surgery\nThere are exceptions to the rules. For example, the provincial health care system covers dental procedures performed in hospitals. There are also community clinics, which may see you for a reduced fee if you don't have private insurance.\nA Word About Pharmacare in Manitoba\nAs a rule of thumb, prescriptions are not covered by Manitoba health insurance. This means most Manitobans will need to pay out of pocket for medications prescribed by a doctor.\nThere are exceptions. Medications administered in a hospital are usually covered by Manitoba Health. You may also qualify for the Pharmacare program, which helps cover the costs of prescription medications.\nThis program doesn't cover all medications. You must qualify separately to receive coverage under it.\nWho is Eligible?\nMost Manitoba residents can receive health care benefits, provided they meet certain criteria. To qualify, you must be a Canadian citizen, a permanent resident, or have a work/study permit.\nYou must also establish a permanent residence in Manitoba. To be covered, you'll need to live in the province for a", "Hi Cubase fellows,\nSoundBytes magazine just released its first free SoundBytes plug-in available for all SoundBytes readers. It is SoundBytes Wusik Station 8. A fully functional version of this virtual sampler/rompler with reduced sound content. All of our readers get one gigabyte of hand picked selectio", "What is a recommended drink to try alongside the Macarons at Le Panier", "uitar goes away\", kick is gone compared to the beginning, highs are distorting.\nAlthough its hard to tell what you have happening without the unprocessed mix.\nI would suggest not thinking of \"mastering\" as just \"making things loud\".\nThe master at the very least should sound just as good as the mix when you pull it back to the same level. Otherwise what is the point?\nDito. This is one of the hottest masters I've heard and it's not even the type of song where people typically want it super hot. There's just no way to get the mix that hot without harming the quality. I'll ask yet again why making people jump for their mute button is so important to everybody.\nThanks for the feedback guys! I don't hear the highs distorting of kick going away at all. I did more than throw a limiter on the track and pull the threshold down so I wouldn't really call it JUST \"making it loud\"\nI don't really like tracks slammed either but its what he wants so, yeah I dont know haha.\nI defiantly appreciate the comments guys! I'm going to listen again to see if I can hear what you're hearing\nStinky fingers, these articles are awesome dude! thanks for the link! I did use a limiter with ISP but like a said, I'm still pretty new at it so I'm probably doing many other things wrong haha. Everyone go read these", "What is notable about the center of Mitiaro island and the marine life found there", "It seems like a long time since I\u2019ve done a \u201cStuff\u201d post. That could be because it HAS been a long time.\nOne of the things that I\u2019ve really been aware of since coming back from my extended absence is how dreadfully out of date this blog is. It\u2019s time for a revamp as I\u2019m still showing books I read in 2011. Who cares? I don\u2019t even care. That was 3 years ago. I will slowly be working on this but with only an IPad working it\u2019s going to be slow progress. But I\u2019ve also been checking out the links to fellow bloggers on the sidebar and by the looks of things, I\u2019m not the only one who took a powder. Some of my fellow bloggers haven\u2019t posted anything new since 2011. And there are probably/hopefully many more new ones. I was thinking if you drop me a quick note, I can add you to my sidebar as I (very sadly) delete some of the older former bloggers who haven\u2019t been active for a while.\nNow this won\u2019t be a quick process. I still can\u2019t get onto the internet on my home computer, only at work and through my IPad. Without the ability to do Control C and Control \u2013 man do I love those buttons \u2013 it\u2019s kind of hard to do much. And even though work has dried up quite a bit lately \u2013 as opposed to those bygone and much missed days when it was even tough to get a bathroom break in it was that busy \u2013 I don\u2019t feel right doing it at work. I think management would frown and deservedly so. It may just take a while.\nI got some rather disappointing news today. The contractor that I have renovating the bathroom has run into quite a snag somewhere else thus putting my reno back. I was hoping to get it done next week; all the new stuff is in the store now and they said they would deliver it on the weekend. But now he says he can\u2019t get to it until the end of August. I hope they will hold it at Home Depot until then. Son #1 who moves about every 3 months it seems, is using my basement as his storage facility and no room down there. I don\u2019t want to leave my stuff outside for that long and I don\u2019t have enough room to store it on the main floor. *sigh* Even more of a bummer \u2013 I already love my new bathroom in my head and I now hate the one I live with. I don\u2019t WANT to wait another month. We\u2019ve been working on getting it done since May and I\u2019ve waited long enough says I. It\u2019s going to be ever so nice; no tub but nice big walk-in shower with gorgeous gray swirl tiles. The floor will also be grayish gray swirls \u2013 they will look good together \u2013 and a blingy like black counter top on the vanity and very dark, almost gray, copper hardware. The walls I\u2019m having painted a gorgeous shade of salmon and will accent with shades of gray.\nThere will be those missing my tub though. I have 2 new kitties. I wasn\u2019t going to get new cats after I had to have Cally put down when she got outside and was hit by a car, breaking her leg. It was just too sad- and practically, too expensive. But I realized I needed at least one cat again when I started talking to my fire detector. You see, the battery was dying and it was \u201cchirping\u201d to let me know. The chirping it made sounded ju", "only? Also, do you think replacing that sensor may resolve the P0420 Catalytic Converter issue? Still under the emission warranty so hopefully if it doesn't that will cover it. Thank you", "What reasons does General Douglas MacArthur give for believing Japan was already beaten by the time the atomic bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki", "What did Nadal and Federer say about the significance of their doubles match result", "ped segments.\nKey Identification Features:\nDistribution Map from NBN: Grid map (fast) : Interactive map (slower, requires login to view records) : National Biodiversity Network mapping facility, data for UK.\n|Picton, B.E. & Morrow, C.C. (2016). Flustra foliacea (Linnaeus, 1758). [In] Encyclopedia of Marine Life of Britain and Ireland. |\nhttp://www.habitas.org.uk/marinelife/species.asp?item=Y6940 Accessed on 2016-10-25\n|Copyright \u00a9 National Museums of Northern Ireland, 2002-2015|", "ou will see results that are incredibly accurate and in presentation quality.\nWe have a large amount of repeat business from clients who have found us to be approachable and friendly. We believe that our relationship with our clients is paramount..\nOur Director, Steve Jones is well known within the surveying world having been in the business for 17 years. For more information on our services and what we offer please visit our Services page. Or to get in touch visit our Contact Page. I hope we can be of service to you and look forward to taking your enquiries", "unsurprising that many of its innovations come in marine science, coastal weather forecasting and research, coastal resilience and environmental fields.\nAt The University of South Alabama (USA), undergraduate and graduate students have opportunities to work with faculty researchers in a wide range of areas, from medical research, to engineering, to sociology to music. As the region's premier healthcare provider, USA continually generates medical research aimed at improving the quality of life. At the same time, USA's cybersecurity experts are working hard to stay ahead of the hackers, and the USA Technology & Research Park is home to a technology incubator for new tech businesses.\nMitchell College of Business\nThe faculty and staff are committed to providing resources that students need to be academically successful, including a Student Advising Center and Student Academic Success, which offers academic success workshops, first-year experience courses, peer mentoring and peer tutoring.\nOne program in particular we would like to highlight is the Professional Readiness Engagement Program, PREP, which is designed to meet the professional development needs of undergraduate students majoring in business. PREP delivers activities to help students identify career options and prepare for the workforce. The PREP Career Advisory Board is composed of business professionals who provide real-world business perspective and advice on the knowledge and skills needed in their respective industries.\nTheir beautiful campus, equipped with state-of-the-art facilities, is rich in diversity and student life. This includes research labs, libraries, gyms and housing.\nMitchell Center view from street\nSome of the university\u2019s most recognised facilities include: the Mitchell Center, a 10,000 seat multipurpose arena; the John W. Laidlaw Performing Arts Center, which includes three performance spaces; the Alfred and Lucile Delchamps Archaeology Building, a resource center and public museum covering 12,000 years of history; and the Gordon and Geri Moulton Tower and Alumni Plaza, an open-air plaza for festivals, ceremonies and photo opportunities.\nHome to approximately 14,000 students from over 60 countries, the University of South Alabama is committed to fostering global perspectives on its campus and strengthening connections between the University and the world.\nIf you are interested in joining them, please contact a representative via the form below.", "Who we are\nWe are Market Street Technologies Inc. doing business as \u201cMarket Street\u201d. We are an online marketing and technology consulting and services firm.\nWe are located in Lisbon, IA 52253, USA. Our mailing address is: PO Box 309, Lisbon, IA 52253, USA. We do not conduct business with any organizations outside of the United States of America.\nOur phone number is: 1 (319) 775-0249.\nOur website address is: https://marketstreet.me.\nWhat personal data we collect and why we collect it\nUnlike many other websites that send data to a third party for analytics, we self-host our analytics using Koko Analytics. With Koko we use a cookie to detect returning visitors. Without the use of a cookie, Koko Analytics can not reliably detect returning visitors. To our knowledge our website doesn\u2019t collect any personally identifiable information to do our analytics.\nIf you fill out a Contact form, we will use that information to contact you regarding the issue you raised. It will not be used for any other purposes and will not be given to any third party other than law enforcement.\nThe Contact form submission data is stored in the database of this website and is emailed to the appropriate person at Market Street. As is normal on any website, this email may include the submitter\u2019s IP address, timestamp, name, email address and your message. We may retain this information in our database for as long as is legally required or until manually deleted.\nAt this time we do NOT allow the creation of user accounts other than for our employees. Browsing our website\u2019s public information doesn\u2019t require having a user account or logging in.\nIf you are an employee, and have a user account, and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.\nIf you are an employee, and have a user account, and you log in to this site, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If an employee selects \u201cRemember Me\u201d, your login will persist for two wee", "What type of companies and professionals have SJ Geomatics worked for in the past", "Tickets for the Town of Selma's Polar Express are already sold out (they went on sale September 2nd!), but, luckily, Santa is taking several other train rides in the Traingle this holiday Season: The New Hope Railway, located Southwest of Raleigh, in Bonsal, NC (near Apex) and the North Carolina Museum of Life + Science in Durham are both going to have Santa Trains this year.\nThe New Hope Railway's Santa Train is going to be running on December 6-7 and 13-14 this year. Tickets cost $9.00 for adults and $6.00 for kids ages 2-12, and can be purchased online. The round trip train ride from Bonsal to New", "What is the name of the second block you can trace and stitch in the quilt project", "Duncan, N. D. ; Gabay, L. ; Williams, E. ; Dundas, S. E. ; Plummer, N. ; Leake, P. A.\nAuthor Affiliation, Ana.\nHermaphroditism: cytogenetics, gonadal pathology and gender assignment: a case report\nWest Indian Medical Journal\nDate of Publication\nTrue hermaphroditism is a rare intersex disorder in which individuals possess both testicular and ovarian gonadal tissue. A case of true unilateral hermaphroditism presenting with ambiguous external genitalia, right scrotal testis and left pelvic ovotestis is herein outlined Phallic, gona", "of a play called Challenged. The mention of the two \"Copyists\" being fined in Germany is interesting. One is certainly Miss Undina. But who was the other", "e quilt...\nThe pattern is a free download HERE in my shop.\nLeave a comment below telling me (and my lovely readers) what fabrics, colours, threads etc you've chosen to embroider and piece the \"Lord's Prayer\" quilt. We'd love to know", "ks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.\nUnlike many other websites that send data to a third party for analytics, we self-host our analytics using Koko Analytics. With Koko we use a cookie to detect returning visitors. Without the use of a cookie, Koko Analytics can not reliably detect returning visitors.\nEmbedded content from other websites\nArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.\nIf you submit a request to be added to our email newsletters we will use that information to subscribe you to our email newsletters. You may request at any time that your subscription be removed. The only information that we request is your first name and the email address that you want to have the newsletter sent to.\nInformation gathered from the Newsletter subscription form will not be used for any purposes other than to send you your requested email newsletter and will not be given to any third party other than our newsletter email service provider and if requested by law enforcement.\nWe retain this information in our database for as long as you are an active subscriber or is legally required. If you are inactive/unsubscribed the data will retained until manually deleted.\nWho we share your data with\nWe don\u2019t believe that our website shares any personally identifiable data with any other third party.\nHow long we retain your data\nFor users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.\nWhat rights you have over your data\nIf you have an account on this site you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes", "hat will dazzle guests after dark with thousands of lights, colours and magic, thanks to never-before-seen special effects, showcased at Sleeping Beauty Castle\nDisney Magic on Parade! \u2013 new music, new floats, new choreography and new characters will provide guests with a completely fresh experience\nMeet Mickey Mouse \u2014 The famous mouse himself will welcome guests in a rehearsal room full of amusing props and his favourite costumes. All guests will be able to take a photo with Mickey, amid the sumptuous theatre decor\nThis year is one not to be missed", "Le Panier - Very French Bakery\nSeattle, WA 98101\nSeattle Weekly's Description\nA respite from the hustle and bustle of Pike Place Market, Le Panier allows you watch passers-by amidst the aromas of pain du chocolate and espresso. The croissants are perfectly respectable and the coffee is from top-notch local roaster Caff\u00c3\u00a8 Umbria. Grab a seat at the window counter\u00e2if you can snag one\u00e2 and watch the foot traffic go by. If there are none, grab a baguette or savory croissant to take home.\nTips from foursquare\nPain au chocolat as good as in Paris, yum!\nGo to Le Panier at Pike Place and buy an Almadine. S", "What is the main goal of the U-20 Women National Team's training camp in Korea Republic", "What was the purpose of the author's post", "where Okon will drill the 25 players and finally drop four of them to make a final list of 21 for the tournament. A number of friendly matches have been sealed.\nThe Falconets play Korea Republic in their opening match on Sunday, August 19, in what is expected to be a showdown of huge proportions at the Saitama World Cup Stadium.\nWhile the Falconets finished second behind hosts Germany at the last edition of the competition two years ago, Korea Republic picked up bronze after beating Colombia in the third place match.\nNigeria will then play Brazil (also in Saitama) on August 22 before clashing with Italy at the Kobe World Cup Stadium on August 26.\n25 PLAYERS ON FLIGHT TO KOREA REPUBLIC:\nIbubeleye Whyte, Blessing Edoho, Gloria Ofoegbu, Ugo Njoku, Cecilia Nku, Jennifer Osawaru, Esther Sunday, Ebere Orji, Desire Oparanozie, Ngozi Okobi, Stella Henry, Ugochi Okafor, Asisat Oshoala, Josephine Chukwunonye, Damilola Akano, Francisca Ordega, Charity Adule, Osarenoma Igbinovia, Chioma Nwankwo, Prudent Ugoh, Fasilat Adeyemo, Winifred Eyebhoria, Chidinma Okoro, Abosede Olukayode, Grace Aluko.", "What design element does the author want to incorporate into the card if it were to be redone", "What item did Mam hand over after their discussion about the grill and cleaning", "What new attractions and experiences are guests invited to enjoy this year", "Hall reported, 70 percent of the houses in Suffolk County have cesspools, meaning they are not a part of the public sewer system.\n\u201cThe primary cause for this significant decline in water quality is nitrogen. Primary source, but not the only source of nitrogen pollution, is failing septics and cesspools,\u201d Bellone said.\nAdrienne Esposito, of Citizens Campaign for the Environment, said the people most at risk to the effects of water pollution are those with private wells, Hall reported.\n\u201cI think for the people who have private wells, there is a very big concern about what\u2019s in the water and what people are drinking and illnesses. For people who have water districts, their water is being monitored and filtered,\u201d Esposito said.\n\u201c3 million people get their water from under their feet \u2013 not from a reservoir, not from any other source. So what goes into the ground, ends up in their water,\u201d said Richard Amper, of the Long Island Pine Barrens Society.\nThe report said the health and safety of those not connected to public sewers could be threatened within a decade, McLogan reported.\nCheck Out These Other Stories From CBSNewYork.com", "Bellone: Long Island\u2019s Water Quality Is No. 1 Priority Of My Administration\nNEW YORK (CBSNewYork) \u2014 In the wake of a new study on Long Island\u2019s water pollution, Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone says improving the water quality is his new No. 1 goal.\n\u201cI consider this issue the most important priority of my administration,\u201d Bellone said during a news conference in Hauppauge Thursday.\nAccording to the report, nitrogen levels in the Island\u2019s ground and surface water have become so critically high that it is impacting drinking water, recreational waterways, and reducing wetlands. Wetlands act as Long Island\u2019s last line of natural defense against disasters such as Superstorm Sandy.\nStony Brook professor Chris Gobler told 1010 WINS\u2019 Mona Rivera that the new water study is alarming. \u201cCertainly in our coastal waters too much nitrogen is leading to things like brown tides, red tides, loss of shellfish, loss of fisheries,\u201d Gobler said.\nWhile most of New York gets its tap water from upstate reservoirs, Long Island\u2019s drinking water comes from fragile aquifers in the ground, CBS 2\u2019s Jennifer McLogan reported.\nAs WCBS 880\u2019s Sophia", "What prestigious roles and accomplishments are associated with the individual mentioned in the text segment", "What do newcomers to Canada need to provide in order to be eligible for health coverage in Manitoba", "DAPs Magic Disney News \u2013 PRESS RELEASE\nOn April 12th 1992, Disneyland Paris opened its doors to thousands of eager guests for the first time. 20 years have gone by \u2014 20 fairytale years, 20 years of enchantment, 20 years in which the dreams of millions of adults and children have come true.\nAs Disneyland Paris reaches this magical milestone, you are invited to join the 20th Anniversary celebrations from 1st April 2012, so get ready for lots of surprises and new entertainment, providing an explosion of magic, lights and colour. Don\u2019t miss:\n\u2013 a show t", "What challenges do immigrant students face that make encouraging them to write especially important", "What activities did the Big Dog and Little Dog engage in while at home", "What factors motivated the United States to invest in the development of the atomic bomb, according to the text", "What were the implications of the copper coloured cloth according to Mam", "What were some of the activities the narrator did on Sunday before returning to writing essays", "What suggestion does Robi make about street musicians in relation to weddings and social functions", "Oxygen Sensor W204\nMy 2013 C300 is throwing P0133 and P0420. The P0133 is the Bank 1 Sensor 1 oxygen sensor. Can this be accessed from the top of the engine compartment or from underneath", "What historical events affected the Mitiaroans prior to the arrival of John Williams in 1823", "Rise of the Nakamura\nA trio of ronin who attacked the Nakamura army upon its return to Shimosa Province. When uncovered, their features were pale and lifeless, with empty sockets in place of eyes and neat stitches lining their flesh.\nThe ronin attacked by a painful-looking method of rapidly growing their bones out of their skin and into a variety of shapes to use as weapons. One of them", "Where can the Bank 1 Sensor 1 oxygen sensor be accessed in a 2013 C300", "What is the average taxi fare from RDU to Chapel Hill compared to the Triangle Transit Bus fare", "pel Hill as are Triangle Transit Buses. The average taxi fare will cost you approximately $37.00 one way as opposed to the which will cost you $2.00-$2.50. Depending on where you are renting the Chapel Hill Transit Buses may deliver you pretty close.\nRDU Taxies: (919) 840-7277 or make a reservation at\nRDU Bus to Chapel Hill: Triangle Transit Bus 100 then transfer to either Bus 800 or Bus 801\nRDU Bus from Chapel Hill: Triangle Transit Bus 800 or Bus 801 then transfer to Bus 100", "And very yummy!!\nBut I digress ...\nThe closest Michel's is in Union Station. So we have to walk through some doorways, pass by the violin-playing street musician, and head to Union.\nIt's always the same Violin Guy. Sometimes he's accompanied by another man (who I think is his brother or cousin). He's really good. I like him. Often I walk through in the morning on the way to work and he's playing If I was a Rich Man from Fiddler on the Roof. (Side note: Fiddler and The Sound of Music are my all time favourite musicals.) I", "The University of South Alabama on the United States\u2019 southern coast can offer a unique education.\nOne of the largest cities in Alabama, as well as along the United States\u2019 Gulf Coast, Mobile is widely recognised for its Mardi Gras celebrations.\nBut more than offering just simple fun, Mobile is a place to develop your education and growth as a person with the University of South Alabama, who offer a vast range of educational specialties in America\u2019s warm and inviting south coast.\nTo find out how you can study on Alabama\u2019s coast, please contact them directly below.\nAlabama\u2019s major coastal city Mobile developed around a thriving international shipping port.\nIt\u2019s a vibrant 300-year old city that is widely recognized for its verdant beauty, unique colonial history, Mardi Gras celebrations, music festivals, and art scene. The city is the cultural center of the Gulf Coast region; a melting pot of people, cultures, and traditions. These varying cultures are celebrated during the Mobile International Festival each Autumn, and other events throughout the year.\nMobile\u2019s particular development makes it a unique city, not just in Alabama, but of the world at large. It is home to many different architectural styles, which can be seen on a bike ride through one of its 7 historic districts, each of which has its own unique history and presence. You can turn any corner in these historic districts and see French, Spanish, African, and Creole influences, alongside its modern Americanness..\nFortunately though, Mobile is more than just a tourist destination. It is a place where you can truly develop with a high-quality academic program.\nThe University of Alabama\nThe University of South Alabama (USA) is a comprehensive, global research and teaching university that provides its students with an exceptional education in any of business, the liberal arts, education, engineering, computing, the sciences or healthcare.\nStrategically located in an international commercial hub providing unprecedented opportunities for scholars and students to explore the frontiers of their fields, the University of South Alabama provides academic programs at the undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral levels.\nFirst-rate Research Opportunities\nAs a high-level research institution, the University of South Alabama\u2019s research efforts span from medical research, to cybersecurity, to engineering, to marine science, to sociology.\nGiven the University's coastal location, it is", "What are the names of the two male kittens mentioned in the text", "What is the typical habitat of the Flustridae bryozoan", "What are some traditional interpretations and depictions of 'The Lovers' card in tarot", "e Times, Christian Dior, the BBC and Dom P\u00e9rignon. He is a founding member of the type foundry Fontworks, and has designed over twenty different typefaces during his career. Internationally recognized as a pioneer in the fields of graphic design, art direction and brand strategy, his work is included in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), New York. He was the Dean of the School of Communication at the Royal College of Art, London until 2018", "What is suggested about the role of mastering in music production according to the text", "Who is one of the two 'Copyists' being fined in Germany mentioned in the play called Challenged", "What did Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone designate as the most important priority of his administration", "What issue did the friend experience with the song on his father's Bose system that the person mastering it is trying to address", "dal and genetic factors were considered before male gender was assigned. Gender assignment procedures have been questioned by intersex activists opposed to early genital surgery. Western societies have a binary perspective on gender and this leads to a stigma being placed on intersex cases. A multidisciplinary approach to this problem involving paediatric specialists in the field, of endocrinology, surgery and psychiatry is necessary, along with educational programmes that promote tolerance in society to variations in gender....", "Which airlines serve Terminal 2 at Raleigh-Durham Regional Airport (RDU)", "What is the name of the violin song that the musician often plays in the morning", "What is the total amount of content provided to subscribers of SoundBytes magazine with the purchase of SoundBytes Wusik Station 8", "st like a guinea pig we owned years ago and I was talking to it for about a week before I realized I either needed to get something living or see someone professionally. I ended up getting to male kittens from the same litter I names Munch and Fin \u2013 I\u2019ve long been a fan of Law and Order SVU.\nDang \u2013 I\u2019ve missed doing this kind of \u2018stuff\u2019\nNow I\u2019ve had cats all my life but I don\u2019t think I\u2019ve ever been as fond of any as I am of these two. I\u2019ve had them for a while now so they are no longer kittens. They were taken away from their mama too early; I got them from a girl at work that got them from a neighbor who lied to her about how old they were. They still suckle on stuff a lot. A lot of different kinds of stuff; my head, my hair, my arm. You should see them on fleece or flannelette. They spread themselves out flat like pancaked squirrels, get their purring motors revved up full throttle and are off to the sucking races. Munch \u2013 the more mischievous one loves to play fetch with a straw. I throw it, he runs and gets it, brings it back to me and drops it right in front of me. It\u2019s a very fun game for both of us, though not so much for me at 3:30 in the morning when he\u2019s up and rarin\u2019 to go. I found myself wondering if perhaps I was getting to carried away this morning though when I started giving them smootchie kisses \u2013 right on their kitty lips.\nEeewwww. Their favourite place to hang out now is in the tub. I love watching them jump and run when I turn the shower on and they are still in there.\nAnd a warning - though it's eeewwww to talk about kitty kissing, there will probably be many a story about my kitties.\nAnd going back to the Shades of Grey \u2013 am I the only one not looking forward to the movie? I haven\u2019t read the books, don\u2019t want to read the books and I haven\u2019t watched the trailer. I\u2019ve seen bits of it on some of the entertainment shows and I\u2019m totally meh on the guy who plays the lead \u2013 Christian isn\u2019t that his name?\nAnd speaking of books into movies, what I AM looking forward to is Outlander. Now the guy who will be playing Jamie DOES do it for me. It\u2019s going to be playing on Showcase here in Canada though not starting until near the end of August as opposed to earlier on Starz in the US.\nOne of my more popular posts a number of years ago was one I did on how much I hate the Charmin commercial with that stupid bear family. I thought that would be the worst series toilet paper commercials ever. Part of me is morbidly curious to check out the website \u2013 enjoythego.com. But I was wrong. Dead. Wrong. Scarily and frighteningly wrong. There truly is worse and now I\u2019ve seen the worst of the worst and I\u2019ll never be the same. I\u2019m referring to those commercials where the English lady takes a roll of toilet paper and I don\u2019t know \u2013 wipes or something \u2013 into a dimly lit speed dating lounge and asks prospective men about their toilet paper/pooping habits. There is a series of them but it wasn\u2019t until this particular add came out that I started humming that song \u2018How low can the go.\u201d Sometimes I greatly fear for our society", "en as I write the recollection of this account, I feel the breathlessness, the overwhelming powerful pull beneath of the deep, and the suffocating effects of the water swirling around my nostrils and mouth. I beg you friends who are reading this, PLEASE don\u2019t wait until it\u2019s too late. The sad truth is, not all of those men who helped were great swimmers and I could have potentially put them at risk by waiting as long as I did.\nThink about it like this, if you aren\u2019t willing to do it for yourself, be willing to do it for your family, your friends, and those who care deeply for you.\nDon\u2019t wait until it\u2019s too late. Please reach out for help, or accept the help that kind and caring friends and family may be offering. There are just times when what you\u2019re facing can cause you to drown; maybe not in water, but in pride, arrogance, and self-pity. It\u2019s not worth it. Saving face, or thinking you\u2019re admitting failure, in the grand scheme of things, pales in comparison to the relief you\u2019ll feel when stepping back onto the safety of the shore.\nThere will just be times you must be willing to admit\u2026You don\u2019t \u201cgot it!\u201d\nTwo are better than one; because they have a good reward for their labor. 10 For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is alone when he falleth; for he hath not another to help him up. 11 Again, if two lie together, then they have heat: but how can one be warm alone? 12 And if one prevail against him, two shall withstand him; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken. Ecclesiastes 4:9 \u2013 12\n\u201cSerminutes\u201d \u2013 Sermon in a Minute. One Minute Inspirational Sermonettes, Devotionals, and Sermon Ideas for Busy Christians, Pastors, Teachers, and Bible Students! Visit our ABOUT PAGE for details on what exactly that is. Thank you for visiting today! May the Lord richly bless you. ~ RD Mangol", "|BRYOZOA : CHEILOSTOMATIDA : Flustridae||SEA MATS|\nDescription: This bryozoan consists of branching flat fronds and is sometimes mistaken for a seaweed.\nHabitat: A typical species of sand-scoured areas, attached to bedrock, boulders and cobbles.\nDistribution: Common and widespread throughout the British Isles.\nSimilar Species: Several other bryozoans are similar in shape and habit, but smaller. Securiflustra securifrons has narrower blades which tend to be divided into wedge-sha", "SOME TIME IN THE PAST:\nMam: What do you use to clean your pans and oven?\nMam: What do you use?\nMe: Er \u2013 a cloth I suppose.\nMam: But how do you get the grease off? And all the gunk?\nMe: I don\u2019t know what you\u2019re talking about\nMam: What colour is your grill?\nMe: D\u2019you mean the metal thing I make the toast on?\nMe: Black \u2026 I think\nMam: Not the pan itself. The grid that sits in it.\nMe: The grid thing?\nmam: How long\u2019s it been black?\nMe: What do you mean?\nMam: How long?\nMe: It\u2019s always been black.\nMam: It\u2019s stainless steel\nMam: I\u2019ve got you this.\n(HANDS OVER A B", "hen Nadal and Tommy Robredo knocked out Federer and Yves Allegro.\nWorld number two Nadal denied his latest win would give him any advantage over world number one Federer in the singles competition this week.\n''We are in the second round of the doubles. That's it,'' he said.\nFederer also played down the significance of the result.\n''Other people always consider Nadal versus Federer to be a singles match, but I don't,'' he said.\n''I was doing this to help Stan, who has been coming back from injury. We'd been talking about it for over a year, so I thought it would be a good idea.'' REUTERS SAM RK2224", "What kinds of programs does the University of South Alabama offer to its students", "EAUTIFUL SHIMMERY COPPER COLOURED CLOTH)\nMe: That\u2019s nice. What is it?\nMam: It\u2019ll make your silver bits silver again.\nMe: What silver bits?\nMam: The ones you think are black\nAND THEN TODAY:\nA woman (see \u201cme\u201d above) who has only two days left to finish the second draft of her first ever commission for the BBC, who has never scoured a single thing in all her life, remembers the coppery gift from moons ago and spends the next happy hour scouring a grill pan grid and her fingers. And though the grill pan grid is glinting once more, outside it is almost dark..", "Teachers often also prioritize the other skills above writing it is harder to teach and more time-consuming to correct make sure you schedule regular writing assignments every month - you may choose to make it once a week, once a month, or at the end of a unit business english students may have more frequent, but shorter assignments but make sure they are assigned in regular intervals.\nErs a way to draw out students\u2019 stories and help them communicate their thoughts through writing encouraging immigrant students to write is so important because it helps them better weather the enormous stress they experience as they learn their hard-won english language and adjust to life in a new land far away from their original homes. For examples of student writing projects, see our student voices section approaches to writing instruction for adolescent english language learners: a discussion of recent research and practice literature in relation to nationwide standards on writing writing and english as a second language(learn nc, university of north carolina.\n6 short writing activities for beginning esl students by susan verner 112,786 views when you are teaching beginning esl, english literacy, or any low level english courses, you may find your students are not quite ready for standard writing class assignments.\nThis lesson will discuss a variety of strategies for english as a second language learners to improve their writing in order to effectively. What does it take to help english language learners (ells) become successful writers this section offers a numb", "Where can one find alternative Santa Train rides after the Polar Express tickets sold out", "Postmarked February 14, 2001 (From Somerville, MA)\n| The 6th card of the Traditional Major Arcana is \"The Lovers.\"\nEarly decks depict a man choosing between two women, two potential lovers. Some decks depict Adam and Eve, standing before the Tree of Life and the Tree of Knowledge (entwined by serpent), with an attendant angel overhead. More recent decks often depict a couple at the altar, or otherwise consummating the romance, sometimes attended by an armed cupid.\nTraditional meanings of the card run from youthful fickleness to marriage/union to the choice between the Sacred and Profane. The astrological assignment is Gemini, the Twins. Two or more choices that may seem identical and interchangable but truly are not, ask any twin.\nFor me, it is a card of choice, perhaps not so extreme as sacred and profane, but certainly between competing heart's desires that cannot coexist. As I rambled about it with Jason at the Diesel Cafe, he responded in programming terms. \"The Exclusive Or! Yes! That's It!\" Selecting one means by definition rejecting the other option.\nThe hard part was coming up with a design.\nDepicting it as a man choosing between two women becomes a poster tarot card for people who aren't monogamous. This isn't the most suitable meaning for the card.\nDepicting a pair of humans may put too a heavy emphasis on the sexual potential of the card, and hey, that's not what The Lovers is really about! You have an entire suit (cups) to deal with that. Getting The Lovers in your reading does not automatically mean that a true yin/yang, sacred/profane union is going to happen with your latest crush (unless perhaps you *also* get a lot of Cups). So while the Cosmic Tribe tarot is pretty and socially progressive by offering three variations on the union (girl-girl, girl-boy, boy-boy), it distracts you from the point of the card: you", "What does Houdini refer to when he mentions the 'Special Licence'", "How did you go stitching block 1?\nHave you pieced your finished block into the top row of our 'mystery' quilt?\nToday you can trace and stitch block 2, \"Our Father\"....\nIt is the first of four blocks that make up the second row of th", "e depicting all Japanese \u2013 men, women, and children \u2013 as subhuman whose extermination was justified.\nMost of all, what must be understood about the inordinate resources applied to creating the world\u2019s first nuclear bomb by the United States was less to do with defeating Japan in World War II and more to do with ensuring US world domination in the aftermath. This was the view held by the Soviet Union\u2019s Marshal Zhukov, who in his memoirs reflected that, \u201cIt was clear already then that the US Government intended to use the atomic bomb for the purpose of achieving its imperialist goals.\u201d\nThe intended message was certainly received loud and clear in Moscow, as within days of the bomb being dropped the Soviets embarked on a crash program to develop their own bomb, thus joining a nuclear arms race that over ensuing decades saw untold money and resources given over to researching and developing ever more destructive bombs and missiles that could have been applied to curing disease, ending hunger, poverty and creating a world founded on peace and justice rather than the one we have known and know today, punctuated by war, conflict, mistrust and fear.\nFor the men who actually flew the mission to drop the world\u2019s first atomic bomb, known as \u2018Little Boy\u2019, over Hiroshima, the sight and spectacle was something they would never forget. Abe Spitzer, a radioman on an accompanying aircraft, described it as \u201ca dozen colors, all of them blindingly bright, and in the center the brightest of all, a gigantic red ball of flame that seemed larger than the sun.\u201d Meanwhile, the co-pilot o the Enola Gay itself, Robert Lewis, wrote in his flight log: \u201cMy God! What have we done?\u2019\nFor those on the ground, words such as \u2018spectacle\u2019 do not come close to describing the unimaginable horror they experienced. Hiroshima at that time was a city of approximately 300,000 civilians, 43,000 soldiers and 45,000 Korean slave laborers. There were also several thousand Japanese-Americans living in the city, mostly children whose parents had been interned in the United States. Thousands were killed instantly, completely incinerated, while an estimated 140,000 died as a result of the bomb by the end of the year from their injuries or radiation poisoning. By 1950 this figure had increased to 200,000.\nThe scale of the destruction and carnage did not concern US President Harry S Truman, however, who upon receiving news of the mission while dining aboard the USS Augusta, is said to have jumped up from the table and exclaimed, \u201cThis is the greatest thing in history.\u201d\nPerhaps the words of Japanese poet, Sankichi Toge, who survived Hiroshima, offer a more apt description of the event than those of President Truman. In his poem titled \u2018August Sixth\u2019, Sankichi writes:\nHow could I ever forget that flash of light!\nIn an instant thirty thousand people disappeared from the streets;\nThe cries of fifty thousand more\nCrushed beneath the darkness\u2026\nThen, skin, hanging like rags,\nHands on breasts:\nTreading upon shattered human brains\u2026\nYears later, towards the end of his presidency, Truman hosted a private dinner attended by Britain\u2019s Winston Churchill, the wartime prime minister. At one point, according to Truman\u2019s daughter, Churchill turned to the president and said, \u201cMr. President, I hope you have your answer ready for the hour when you and I stand before St. Peter and he says, \u2018I understand you two are responsible for putting off those atomic bombs. What have you got to say for yourselves?\u2019\u201d\nThere is no record of Truman\u2019s response.\nThe statements, views and opinions expressed in this column are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of RT", "Where can you find the pattern for the 'Lord's Prayer' quilt", "MySearchEngine (Personalized Search Engine) is a Java software to search files and folders in an OS file system. It differs from general OS file search engines in that it personalizes the indexing setup so that users can choose which directories to index or remove from an existing index and it can also suggest queries just like Google's \"Did you mean\" feature. The customization of indexing and query suggestion greatly improves search speed and make user experience more comfortable. eLibrary can also extract text content from files of many wildly used file types such as pdf, doc, ppt, and mp3 to impro", "ns of its finest sounds, along with an additional 500 MB for all of our subscribers.\nVisit SoundBytes site at http://soundbytesmag.net to get your copy of SoundBytes Wusik Station 8 with one gigabyte content and subscribe to our magazine to get additional 500 MB.\nAlex, editor at SoundBytes music magazine", "What is Neville Brody known for in the world of design", "|Click to enlarge.|\nThe \"Special Licence\" Houdini is referring to is the license he received in 1911 when he first presented the Water Torture Cell as part", "It\u2019s about time I\u2019ve written again\u2013sorry to keep you all waiting. This post is for two purposes: 1) to generally update you about my life and 2) to lend certainty that I am, indeed, taking classes here (I\u2019ve heard through the grapevine that several of you have wondered whether I am doing school at all\u2026:))\nWhen I got back from London, my dear church friends, the Smyths, picked me up from the airport and had me over for dinner. It was lovely to see them again, and they were the perfect ones to ease my transition back to Derry.\nOn Sunday, I enjoyed catching up with friends at Cornerstone, including my lovely friend Fiona from Magee. She is a nursing student, but is on placement at Antrim Hospital near Belfast for the next semester. She was in Derry for exams, and we enjoyed brunch at Primrose after the service.\nThe following Monday, I began studying for exams (four essays) and working on another non-exam essay. It was an interesting week, in a great way. In other words, I loved how the time slowed when I was truly applying and disciplining myself. I also really enjoyed the breadth of topics into which I delved. Ask me about the integrity of Piaget\u2019s cognitive development theory, the theories and stages of sleep, accumulation of powers and tyranny, the dopamine theory of schizophrenia or theories of language acquisition and I\u2019m your gal. So there\u2026hopefully that convinces you that I have been studying this semester \ud83d\ude09\nOn Tuesday, Diana and I reconnected. It was just lovely to see her again. We patronized \u201cThe Sooty Olive\u201d for coffee before heading to church for a prayer meeting. You might be wondering about our choice of restaurant. I assure you that it is NOT where \u201colive the dirty fun\u201d takes place. It\u2019s a class establishment with lovely food and drink. It\u2019s actually named after the \u201csooty olive\u201d\u2013which, in the the restaurant\u2019s own words, \u201cderives from the famous Irish lough fly that has been used for generations to catch wild Trout.\u201d\nThe prayer meeting was also wonderful. My fellow church members have such hearts for God. We prayed over each other in small groups and enjoyed fellowship after.\nOn Friday, my exam went remarkably smoothly and my ess", "ve the index quality.\n- Content based personalized search engine\n- Embedded advanced retrieval models\n- Customized indexing where users can choose which directories to add into or remove from the search index\n- Did you mean like query suggestion\n- Text extraction from files of many wildly used file types\n- Support of opening a search result and its file location\n- Drag and drop support for indexing\n- Copy and paste support for indexing\n- Simple search operators\n- Automatic query completion\n- Mouse gesture recognition\n- Undo and redo support\nBe the first to post a review of Personalized Search Engine!"]}