{"q_indices": [108, 12, 32, 66, 116, 36, 73, 47, 118, 16, 39, 46, 17, 49, 121, 78, 4, 15, 58, 29, 61, 64, 81, 127, 77, 92, 124, 88, 34, 97, 75, 38, 45, 93, 44, 84, 40, 43, 55, 9, 26, 48, 91, 72, 25, 83, 7, 107, 82, 10, 57, 23, 28, 74, 6, 30, 8, 76, 110, 109, 63, 18, 33, 14], "a_indices": [22, 21, 37, 125, 1, 52, 56, 112, 94, 60, 126, 41, 120, 27, 111, 106, 35, 65, 113, 3, 104, 67, 2, 123, 86, 119, 54, 115, 100, 99, 80, 24, 105, 98, 19, 20, 42, 69, 90, 0, 103, 70, 95, 62, 122, 53, 102, 50, 71, 96, 68, 51, 59, 85, 101, 117, 114, 5, 13, 31, 89, 79, 87, 11], "texts": ["illwright Services accepted a scope of work to collect the lifting system from Caldwell and complete installation onsite. Previously, Scott Anderson, its chief operating officer, led a site visit to shoot elevations of the floor compared to the elevation of the floor-mounted track system. Cream City Scale, also of Illinois, was then tasked with completing load tests utilizing test brackets, slings, and test weights. The process involved turning the hand-wheel to raise all weights off of supports to maximum height, holding them for two minutes, before lowering them down again. Two sizes of test weight\u20141,000-lb. and 500-lb.\u2014were used to complete three testing procedures.\nPIP-II will provide powerful, high-intensity proton beams to the laboratory\u2019s experiments. PIP-II will enable the world\u2019s most intense neutrino beam and help scientists search for rare particle physics processes. These investigations will require intense beams of protons, which will produce gushers of other neutrinos that scientists can then study in greater detail.\nAt the heart of the PIP-II accelerator is a technology that provides for a highly efficient way to accelerate particle beams. Superconducting radio-frequency (SRF) cavities make it possible to accelerate intense proton beams to higher energies in relatively short distances. A string comprising several of these cavities nestles in a cryomodule, which bathes them in liquid helium and keeps them at the ultra-cold temperature that is key to their operation and efficiency.\nSakash added: \u201cPhysics has always been something of a guilty pleasure of mine so to get an opportunity to help [Fermilab] with this fascinating project was a huge honor. We are proud to be associated with the laboratory and have enjoyed productive conversations recently about providing additional equipment for upcoming material handling challenges.\u201d\nJohn Sakash Company and The Caldwell Group are currently working on two additional lifting equipment projects for the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory.", "EBVS\u00ae European Specialist in Small Animal Surgery\nSarah graduated from Massey University, New Zealand in 1995 and spent five years in mixed practice before joining the University of Liverpool where she held the position of surgical resident gaining the RCVS Certificate in Small Animal Surgery in 2003, and European College of Veterinary Surgeons diploma in 2007, becoming an EBVS\u00ae European Specialist in Small Animal Surgery.\nSarah is one of Fitzpatrick Referrals\u2019 most talented surgeons with all the necessary skills to manage your patient with joint disease (stifle/elbow/shoulder, arthroscopy, joint replacement, elbow unicompartment resurfacing), fracture repair and surgical spinal problems at any level. She has a particular interest in total hip replacement (THR) and contributes data to the BVOA-UoL THR Registry; this database follows patients post-THR throughout their lifetime. We hope information acquired from data acquisition can assist clients in their decision-making.\nSarah recently held the position of chairperson of the British Veterinary Orthopaedic Association, a UK network of veterinary orthopaedic surgeons\u2019 keen to share knowledge and educate the next generation of veterinary surgeons. In conjunction with CPD Solutions, Sarah developed the PGCert(SAS), a training program for budding surgeons. Sarah is a current member of AOVET faculty; a global network of surgeons, scientists and other professionals in the human and veterinary field dedicated to the advancement of orthopaedics with education as their legacy. Sarah is an occasional consultant to Arthrex and makes a daily commitment to the onsite training of our surgeons in training (ECVS). But first and foremost, Sarah is present for our patients at Fitzpatrick Referrals. Sarah and her team firmly believe in putting our patients first and endeavour to their families to make informed decisions regarding treatment, thereby optimising outcome. Fixing broken animals is a passion and a daily reward, the best positive feedback loop ever!\nCorrection of and long-term", "Screw the A-Team van. That thing reeks far too much \u201980s. It\u2019s this 1983 GMC Vandura that has our attention.\nToo bad it\u2019s just a rendering because designer Yasid Oozeear has done it up to tantalizing perfection. While it retains the original boxy body, the rest of it gets amped up treatments liked a matte black grille frame wi", "Or you could try a company such as Love My Lotto who specialise purely in syndicates. Whichever company you choose to go with, it\u2019s easy to sign up, create an account and get started.\nWhat\u2019s more, lots of the companies have special offers when you sign up, so look out for these and you could benefit from a welcome discount, or a free line or two to get you started.\nHow To Bet in Lottery Syndicates\nOnce you\u2019ve registered and created an account with a company, all you need to do is choose the lottery you\u2019d like to bet on, join a relevant syndicate and decide how many shares you\u2019d like to buy.\nThe cost of shares varies according to the company you\u2019re using and the lotto you\u2019re betting on. At Lottoland, for example, one share in the PowerBall250 lotto betting syndicate costs \u00a310, whereas one share in the IrishLotto 210 costs \u00a35.\nIf you\u2019re interested in playing more than one lotto at once, then some sites, such as Lottoland, offer syndicate bundles. With these, you can buy shares in syndicates which play multiple lottos each week, or in each draw, and give even more chances of winning.\nWith some of the companies (eg Love My Lotto), you do need to buy into a membership package for a set period of time. This is useful, as you\u2019ll know in advance how many weeks you\u2019ve agreed to play for and what your outlay is from the outset.\nHow Are Syndicate Lotto Shares and Wins Divided?\nWhen you join a particular online syndicate, you\u2019ll be able to see how many people are included in the syndicate and therefore how many people any wins need to be divided between. This information can be used to help you decide which syndicate is most appropriate for you, or could potentially provide you with the best value for money.\nThe number of people in any one syndicate varies. It could be limited to 50 people, or extend to 150 or 200 people. That may sound a lot, but when you bear in mind that some worldwide lottos have huge prizes (currently \u00a3397m in the PowerBall250 draw or \u00a350m in the EuroMillions 160 draw), even dividing a win between 200 people could still result in a great prize.\nFor example at World lottery Club, you could join the Euromillions syndicate club, which has 150 members. One bet of \u00a33.50 will give you 55 chances to win. If the syndicate wins, you\u2019re guaranteed to receive 1/150th share of the total winnings. Of course, if you place more than one bet on each draw whilst in the club, your chance of winning will increase.\nOnline lotto betting syndicates are big business. If you\u2019ve ever dreamed of winning a jackpot, then your chances will definitely be increased if you join a syndicate. The lotto syndicate betting process is quick and easy to complete online and it\u2019s highly beneficial to have an independent, professional company handling all the admin and organisation. With multiple huge lottos available worldwide, is it any wonder so many people are opting to join online lotto syndicates", "What is the title of the latest collaboration between Snoop Dogg and Charlie Wilson", "shake, shake.\nSo, I spent the money and took it to the car wash.\nProblem solved. Snow can get in your wheels and throw off your balance. And it shakes over a certain speed. I hadn't noticed it until I got on 295. And then I thought, 'I'm a gonna die!' Nope. A quick car wash and all is better.\nDon't freak. It's just another awesome side effect of all the storms.", "What incident involving an Edmonton teenager was reported on a Monday morning", "What was the purpose of the demonstrations at the Museum of Natural History on October 11", "What had the author been using their Kia Sorento for that might have caused it to shake", "What is the role of PIP-II in accelerator technology and its implications for particle physics research", "What is the primary concern expressed by Linda Ellerbee regarding children watching violent media and the importance of parental supervision", "ds of things\u2014legitimate things, for the most part, but sometimes not. Pain fills a lot of hearts. People are unhappy at work. Or their homes are less than ideal. Or they feel great economic stress. Or they strain under the demands of a job. When troubled people come to church, their thoughts suppress the appetite for God's menu. My job as a preacher is to overwhelm the careworn with the aroma of the gospel.\nSo when I preach, I'm continually thinking. How am I going to hold and use the attention so tenuously lent me? I ...", "What was the year-over-year percentage decrease in the number of ships passing through the Suez Canal during the second quarter compared to the previous year", "I have zimbra 4.5.6 running on a RHEL 4 virtual machine. I was going to upgrade to 4.5.9 this morning, so I shutdown zimbra then began rsyncing my zimbra directory to another location. When rsync was co", "What is the preacher's job when troubled people come to church, according to the text", "What thematic elements are present in the lyric video for 'Peaches N Cream' despite the song's raunchy content", "What are the standard opening times for molds for plastic, metal, and fabric products", "What are the ideal conditions and maintenance requirements for growing Tall Fescue grass", "What is the mission of Green Flux", "If you have a question, check out the loads of content here first. Please use the search tool at the top of the site to find what you are looking for.", "You can also check out my favorite books! They are packed with info\u2026! If all else fails, send me an email and I will get back with you as soon as I can", "s \u2014 passing through the canal in the second quarter fell 3.4 percent to 4,083 ships from 4,226 a year ago. In the first half of 2013, the number of ships passing through the Suez Canal fell 6.5 percent year-over-year to 8,012 ships.\n\u201cEgypt plays a vital role in international energy markets through the operation of the Suez Canal and Suez-Mediterranean Pipeline,\u201d said the U.S. Energy Information Administration in a release on Friday. \u201cIn 2012, about 7 percent of all seaborne traded oil and 13 percent of liquefied natural gas traded worldwide transited through the Suez Canal. Egypt\u2019s 2011 revolution and the unrest that has followed have not had any noticeable effect on oil and LNG transit flows through the Suez Canal or Sumed Pipeline. Changes to total oil and LNG flows through the Suez Canal in 2012 mainly occurred because of events outside of Egypt, particularly the restart of Libyan oil production and changing dynamics in LNG markets.\u201d The first half of 2013 saw year-over-year decreases of 4.4 percent and 24.8 percent respectively in oil tankers and LNG ships.", "The number of container ships passing through the Suez Canal experienced a drop of roughly 4 percent year-over-year in the second quarter of 2013, the smallest decline in six quarters. The canal has seen year-over-year decreases for the past seven quarters, but the pace of the decline has slowed for the past four quarters. The Suez also saw its first quarter-to-quarter increase since the third quarter of 2012.\nIn the second quarter of 2013, 1,528 container ships passed through the Suez Canal, 66 fewer than during the same period in 2012, according to data from the Suez Canal Authority. Container ship transits rose by 3.3 percent or 49 ships from the first quarter of 2013, the largest quarter-to-quarter increase since the second quarter of 2011. Year-to-date in 2013, the number of container ships passing through the canal has fallen 5.4 percent from the same six months in 2012, to 3,007 ships.\nThe total number of all ships \u2014 including general cargo, oil tankers, LNG ships, bulk carriers, combined carriers, container ships, ro-ro, and passenger ships, among other", "What criticisms does the text raise about the approach of the exhibition and its impact on artists seeking to convey social criticism", "delivery service, that's why so many people recommend us, and shop with us.\nIf you are uncertain on what product you need or are looking for, don\u2019t worry! We have Replacement Parts Experts ready to speak to you. Please call us at (561) 488-5624 or email us at firstname.lastname@example.org and we will be happy to answer any questions.\nReplacement Parts by Bran", "What advantage do younger mutual funds have compared to older funds", "What did Duane 'Dog' Chapman say about his wife Beth after her death", "horoughly to a depth of 3 inches for the first 10 to 14 days. After that initial period, water deeply and infrequently whenever grass is showing signs of dehydration.\nAverage weekly water requirement for a Tall Fescue Lawn in Colorado:\nApril May June July Aug Sept Oct\n.2 .6 1.0 1.0 .8 .6 .4\n00.1 to 0.5 pounds of actual nitrogen per 1,000 sq. ft. per growing month. Needs less phosphorous and potassium. Avoid nitrogen applications during hot, dry months (July through August) because this will increase plant demands for water. A good rule of thumb is to apply slow release fertilizers around the holidays (i.e. Easter, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day and Halloween). Apply iron in the summer to keep a deep green color. Good balanced fertilizer is 21-14-5-3F or 20-10-10-3F. Use a good winterizer for the Halloween application.\nDreamscapes Landscape Center\n6100 E. 104th Ave.\nNorthglenn, CO 80233\nTelephone: 303-288-8877 \u2022 Fax: 303-288-8855\nE-mail: [email protected", "How did Anthony Joshua perform in the rematch against Andy Ruiz Jr. compared to their first fight", "What steps should you take to start betting in lottery syndicates", "What describe the driver involved in the incident", "pying the file zmmtaconfig.log, my VM just shut off. I booted it back up and now zimbra won't start.\nPlease let me know of any additional information you need from me, and thanks in advance for the help", "What type of equipment does Dixie Tractor specialize in", "What work does Gerald Griffith do that involves preparing for his sermons", "What was the amount raised for charities by Primrose Schools through the Primrose Promise program in 2018", "Snoop Dogg and Charlie Wilson go together like peanut butter and jelly, cheese and burgers and peaches and cream, which is the title of their latest collaboration together. The song is taken from Snoop's upcoming album, BUSH, which will be entirely produced by Pharrell Williams and drops on May 12th. To get us good and ready for the jams that are on the way, the winning trio link up on \"Peaches N Cream\" and get the party started right.\nUncle Snoop and Uncle Charlie have been working together off and on for almost 20 years now, and they are on and poppin' once again with \"Peaches N Cream.\" And with Pharrell in the mix, you already know that the groove is something for the dance floor, so have your", "What surgical technique is discussed for treating stifle instability in cats", "Tractors are our Specialty and we service what we sell\nMake sure to check our Specials page often. We always have a pile of great deals.\nClick \"Specials\" below to find out more...\nIf you're in the market for a new tractor, look no further than Dixie Tractor", "Who can you contact if you are uncertain about what product you need or are looking for", "What are some challenges faced when clients approach about development projects", "What types of pollutants and particles can the T-Green D20GF air purifier filter remove", "e extreme. It contains nudity, adult themes, mature language and some ideas about how we can start communicating to get better results and happier clients.\nBetter understand, utilize and communicate agile techniques for client work.\nDigital practitioners moving to or using an agile process.\nFIVE THINGS AUDIENCE MEMBERS WILL LEARN\n- Differences of using agile for client work vs. internal product development\n- Techniques for estimating an agile project\n- Selling clients on the uncertainty of agile development\n- How to avoid fixed scope, fixed cost projects\n- Some major agile shortcomings and how to compensate", "Air Purifier Filter\nT-Green D20GF - High efficiency air purifier filter removes bad smells and TVOC volatile organic compounds, retaining 99.97% of microparticles up to 0.3 microns such as: pollen, mold spores, smoke and odors, bacteria, hair etc. 360 degrees air purification.\nSources of TVOC origin - volatile organic compounds:\nbuilding materials, household and personal care products, paint,\nvarnishes, adhesives, carpets, upholstery, fuel oil, gasoline, cigarette smoke, coo", "What type of air purifier is suitable for the Turbionaire D20AD", "What should you do if you have a question", "What is the performance and power capacity of the 2010 ML350", "What are some of the key topics that audience members will learn about agile techniques for client work", "What types of products does the company provide to enhance the store's display for clothing and jewelry", "What did Beth refer to her fight against cancer as during her Mother's Day service", "What is the average weekly water requirement for a Tall Fescue Lawn in Colorado during the months of July and August", "xploitation by museums in Abu Dhabi, especially the Guggenheim.\nLiberate Tate\u2019s many performances include \u201cHuman Cost\u201d in 2011, in which a naked man was covered in an oil-like substance in a gallery at the Tate, and \u201cBirthmark\u201d this year, in which volunteers were tattooed with the carbon dioxide atmospheric parts per million of the year they were born, all in museums that accept funds from oil companies. Similarly, GULF has done projections on the exterior of the Guggenheim in New York as well as occupational protests in multiple Guggenheim museums around the world.\nWhile Liberate Tate ultimately succeeded in their goals \u2014 the Tate Museum this year ended its relationship with BP \u2014 GULF still has a ways to go. The Guggenheim construction in Abu Dhabi is still refusing to work with the unions recommended by the Gulf Labor Coalition. One of GULF\u2019s spokespeople conceded during the talk that \u201cmaybe the one-issue approach is problematic.\u201d\nThe issues that these groups confront are significant, but the most revealing are the photographs of Liberate Tate\u2019s \u201cHuman Cost\u201d performance. In the background of the photograph, museumgoers can be seen milling about the gallery as they would on any other day. And, at the end of the day, the activists left the museum, and the tarp was removed from Teddy Roosevelt\u2019s statue.\nSince nearly every trace of the protest was removed as the activists left, it was unsurprising that the audience giggled when a GULF representative said that putting stickers on museum labels was just \u201ca warning for what we\u2019re willing to do.\u201d The threat fell flatter than a pancake.\nOne question, too long to quote here, essentially asked if it was really all worth it. Right now, that seems unclear.\nA version of this article appeared in the Monday, Oct. 17 print edition. Email Michael Landes at [email protected", "uation,reveal that: Lucio Costa and Oscar Niemeyer played down a massacre of workers which occurred during the construction of Brasilia; that in Mozambique it is quite possible to make home furnishings out of the remnants of the wars that devastated the country for decades; that if we were to replace the young human figures featured in Superstudio\u2019s historic collages with images of the western world\u2019s increasingly elderly populations they would look pathetically ridiculous; and that sophisticated 3D scanners can also be used to appreciate the value of abandoned places and not merely to justify the approval of major civil engineering projects.\nThe exhibition seems to be trying to intimidate us, in order to force us to adapt to the new reality. In conjuring up a mental image rather than giving answers, it seems to lay bare the weariness to be found in recent art, its inability to go anywhere beyond straightforward condemnation, a stance that may well be justified in the case of young artists who are just starting out, but which appears wholly contradictory when adopted by rich art dealers and their million-dollar installations. That begs the question as to whether the exhibition has perhaps not really understood the pragmatic, realistic character of the 16th-century text. \u201cFaithful to the humanist tradition, More\u2019s work set out to educate through enjoyment, unite morals and knowledge, and provide a pleasing and eloquent description of social otherness,\u201d wrote Bronis\u0142aw Baczko, the foremost utopia scholar. Surely the investigations of this European who became a citizen of Stalinist Poland, but whose name does not appear in the catalogue bibliography, would have been of use in delving further into the specific nature of reformist plans, the way they presented \u201crules\u201d, rather than \u201cmodels\u201d, to borrow from the title of a book from some years ago. That would have been a useful way of getting out of the mainstream, away from the phantasmagoria of images of indignation, but it would also have left visitors with less time to enjoy the view over the river, out on the terrace of this kind of upturned ark, in Belem.\nAbitare \u00a9 All rights reserve", "functional outcome of stifle instability in cats treated with the mini-Tightrope technique\nA Jivcovici, Sarah Girling:\nEvaluation of variables influencing success and complication rates in canine total hip replacement: Results from the British Veterinary Orthopaedic Association Canine Hip Registry (collation of data: 2010-2012)\nE R Henderson, A Wills, A M Torrington, A P Moores, D Thomson, G Arthurs, G Brown, H R Denny, H W Scott, I MacQueen, J Dunne, J Onyett, J D Walker, J Prior, M R Owen, N Burton, R Whitelock, Sarah Girling, S Morrison, S Gilbert, S J Langley-Hobbs, T J Gemmill, C K St\u00f6rk, S Bright, E Comerford, R Pettitt, N Macdonald, J F Innes:\nComplications and Owner Assessment of Canine Total Hip Replacement: A Multicenter Internet Based Survey\nK E Forster, A Wills, A M Torrington, A P Moores, D Thomson, G Arthurs, G Brown, H R Denny, H W Scott, I MacQueen, J Dunne, J Onyett, J D Walker, J Prior, M R Owen, N Burton, R Whitelock, Sarah Girling, S Morrison, S Gilbert, S J Langley-Hobbs, T J Gemmill, J F Innes:\nPartial tarsal arthrodesis and botulinum toxin A injection for correction of tarsal arthrogryposis in a cat\nS Bright, Sarah Girling, T O'Neill, J F Innes:\nSarah Girling, J F Innes:\nUse of biochemical markers of osteoarthritis to investigate the potential disease-modifying effect of tibial plateau levelling osteotomy\nSarah Girling, S C Bell, R G Whitelock, R G Rayward, D G Thomson, S C Carter, A Vaughan-Thomas, J F Innes:\nSarah Girling, A Griffiths, A Kipar:\nNoel Fitzpatrick, Andy Law, Malgorzata Bielecki, Sarah Girling:\nThe double-arch modified type-1b external skeletal fixator: Technique description and functional outcome for surgical management of canine antebrachial limb deformities\nNoel Fitzpatrick, Christos Nikolaou, Mike Farrell, K. Perry, Sarah Girling, T. J. Smith, Russell Yeadon:\nTibial Plateau Leveling and Medial Opening Crescentic Osteotomy for Treatment of Cranial Cruciate Ligament Rupture in Dogs with Tibia Vara\nNoel Fitzpatrick, Jacqueline Johnson, Kei Hayashi, Sarah Girling, Russell Yeadon", "se with less than three years of performance history. \u201cWe\u2019re looking for funds with consistently strong performance relative to their peers,\u201d Michael says. \u201cOtherwise, we have no way of knowing whether their strategies have staying power or is just flashes in the pan.\u201d\nWhen it comes to index funds, however, age isn\u2019t really a factor. \u201cThese funds are passively managed, meaning their entire strategy is to replicate a market benchmark rather than outperform it,\u201d Michael says. \u201cAs a result, investing in a new index fund generally doesn\u2019t carry as much risk as investing in a new actively managed fund, so long as it\u2019s from a reputable source using an established approach.\u201d\n1\u013dubo\u0161 P\u00e1stor, Robert F. Stambaugh, and Lucian A. Taylor, \u201cScale and Skill in Active Management,\u201d Journal of Financial Economics, 2015.\nWhat You Can Do Next\nView Schwab\u2019s lists of funds prescreened by the experts at Charles Schwab Investment Advisory", "Some people bring a bottle of wine or bunch of flowers when they come round for a meal. Our friends Jill and Bruce did both \u2013 and topped it with the munificent gift of a large piece of home-smoked salmon.\nBruce has a well-established system in place: he goes to London in the evening, spends a few hours playing cut-throat bridge with friends, and at the crack of dawn goes to Billingsgate fish market to to take his pick of spanking fresh seafood. Then he brings his booty home, fires up his home-built smoker and sets to work.\nThe salmon he gave us was neatly vacuum-packed but after all his hard work it would have been a crime to just bung it in the freezer. So we waited until we had a few people round and sliced it up as a starter. The salmon was oaky-smoky and delicious and the spicy cucumber salad got five stars from our guests in the taste test. Result.\nSmoked Salmon With Spicy Cucumber Salad\nA quantity of smoked salmon or other smoked fish\n1 large cucumber or 2-3 small cucumbers", "What challenges did the Caldwell lifting device address for the assembly process at Fermilab", "Display Cabinets for Selling Jewelry\nOur Jewelry Displays are designed in a unique way that combines different designs and styles that will give you more value for your money. The variety of natural styles and structures used in our design is reflected in the quality of our displays. Our items are made entirely of stainless steel which is why they make them very durable and attractive. The idea is to provide our customers with the best indicators that best suit their needs.\nOur storefronts and displays bring the promise of durability and performance. We have a wide range of metal display options such as countertop jewelry displays and designs that will suit all of your retail and clothing needs.\nLooking after Costume Jewelry\nNote that display items are very important when it comes to advertising your clothes among other accessories. The main function of getting a good indicator of your sales needs is to attract customers to look at your clothing line. It is important to match the store theme with the color of the display because most customers or customers will not take the time to look at boring and hard-working display items. The kind of", "What is the main theme of the first exhibition at the MAAT in Lisbon, and how does it relate to the historical context of utopia", "What are the advantages of joining an online lotto syndicate instead of playing independently", "Anthony Joshua vs Andy Ruiz scorecard results in full as AJ unifies heavyweight division\nAnthony Joshua reclaimed the WBA, IBF and WBO heavyweight belts as he gained revenge on Andy Ruiz Jr on Saturday night. The Brit put on a stunning performances in Saudi Arabia to avenge his defeat to the Mexican-American six months ago in New York.\nJoshua produced a composed and patient display as the fight went the distance inside the purpose-built, 15,000-seater Diriyah Arena.\nAnd \u2018AJ\u2019 was crowned the heavyweight champion of the world for a second time via unanimous decision.\nThat got his career back on track as he seeks to become the undisputed champion, with only Deontay Wilder's WBC strap evading him in his career thus far.\nTwo judges scored the fight 118-110 and another had it 119-109.\nThe win allowed Joshua to restore his status as one of the division's best, after being stripped of his titles with a shock defeat to Ruiz earlier this year.\nHis loss came after Ruiz stepped in for the disgraced Jarrell Miller with just six weeks' notice and he was knocked down four times before a seventh-round stoppage.\nBut the 30-year-old's boxing skills came to the fore in the rematch, dubbed 'Clash on the Dunes', with his jab and movement crucial as he comfortably outpointed Ruiz.\nSpeaking in the ring afterwards, Joshua said: \"Man the first time was so nice, I had to do it twice!\n\"A man like me makes no excuses, this is about boxing, I'm used to knocking guys out. I got", "c.\nNormally, the time for opening the mold of plastic products is 30 days, and metal products 2 weeks. Fabric products 1 weeks. if customer need 3D approval samples, we can send within 3-5 days.\nOur product and service was on the basis of customer satisfaction. So every order, we do the operation according to customer requirement. even in the productions step, we took the products procedure photos to our customer, tell customer each production links. once the final counter samples was out, we will deliver it to customer, let them to be safe; once the cargos is closed to finish, our QC will go to inspect cargos, we take care of each pieces,and make sure on defective pieces product in the bulk goods.\nOnce the cargos shipment. we will inform customer to pick the cargos timely. and tell customer if any delays will cause to extra dock fee, and container detention charge ect.\nWe have called and asked customer for cargos status once cargos get to customer warehouse.\nand keeping communication timely. and realized products quality to be punctual to provide products information to clients. It's useful to customer to sell it. we have delivered new quality pieces to customer once found defective pcs.\nWe have surveyed customer market timely. also reported to customer any market conditions.\nEMS, DHL, UPS, FedEx, TNT, China Post, E-packet\nWe ship worldwide by EMS, DHL, UPS, FedEx, TNT, China Post, E-packet, Singapore Post, Hong Kong Post and so on. We are unable to control the delivery time because it is processed by Third-party service, but if the parcel has not arrive within expected time, please contact us, we will help you to track it and give you a satisfied reply.\nWe accept: L/C, D/A, T/T, Wester union, Paypal, VISA or others.\nL/C payment, when the order value more than $10,000.00, it will be accepted.\nT/T payment, It is available for any orders once the value more than $1000.00.\nD/A payment, It is available for any orders once the value more than $5000.00.\nD/P payment, It is available for any orders once the value more than $5000.00.\nWester union payment, It is available for any orders.\nPaypal Payment, It is available for any orders once the value less than $1000.00.\nVISA payment, It is available for any orders once the value less than $20,000.00.\nF A Q\nQ1: Are you a manufacturer or trading company? A1: A company integrated with industry and trade.\nQ2: What about the shipping methods? A2: For urgent order and light weight, you can choose the following express: UPS, FedEx, TNT, DHL, EMS. For heavy weight, you can choose to deliver the goods by air or by sea to save cost.\nQ3: What about the payment methods? A3: We accept T/T, L/C for big amount, and for small amount, you can pay us by Paypal, Western Union, Moneygram, Escrow and etc.\nQ4: How much does it cost to ship to my country? A4: It depends on seasons. Fee is different in different in different seasons. You can consult us at all times.\nQ5: What's your delivery time? A5: Usually we produce within 25-30 days after the payment confirmed.\nQ6: Can I print our logo/barcode/unique QR code/series number on your products? A6: Yes, of course.\nQ7: Can I order some sample for our testing? A7: Normally, sample is free. But as for special samples, it needs some expense.\nQ8: Can you customize my products in special shape? A8: Yes, we can offer OEM and ODM.\nQ9: How can you make sure we will receive the products with high quality? A9: Our QC team will inspect each batch of products before delivery and all the raw material we use eco-friendly material and meet EU standard and US uniform, we have certificates of CE, ROSH, REACH, LFGB, IEC6082.", "What contributions has Laura Bush made to women's rights, particularly in Afghanistan and Burma, as discussed in her remarks at the Council on Foreign Relations", "emas based on files.* It\u2019s a great way to automate things if you have been granted the right permissions.\n- Create a table manually (generate a SQL-like script).\n- Using AWS Glue on S3\n- Choose the manual option and click \u201cNext\u201d, which will bring you to this screen:\n- Choose your database (or create a new one)\n- Choose a table name and the folder your table will be connected to (the Folder we created earlier) and click \u201cNext\u201d.\n* note the external bullet, which is selected, and can\u2019t be changed.The reason for this is that we can\u2019t insert data into Athena. Athena doesn\u2019t save any data, only meta data. There is no insert clause in Athena. (There is, however, an insert into s3.)\n- Choose CSV/JSON and click \u201cNext\u201d:\n- Name your Columns and their Types (You can also add multiple columns as bulk.) and click \u201cNext\u201d\n- The last step is configuring partitions\n* It\u2019s important to note that if you have a column that functions as the partition key, you should not include it in the columns, but instead only in the partition section.\n- Click \u201cCreate table\u201d, and you your SQL Query is completed. \ud83d\ude0a\nNow, you should be able to see your table on the left panel and you can query it.\nAnother way to accomplish this is from the screen seen here below:\n* It\u2019s important to know that Athena isn\u2019t actually creating tables.\nWhat it\u2019s doing is creating schemas from tables, which enables us to design queries using the tables, despite the fact that the data is located in unrelated files.\n* pay attention not to put files in your source folder, if they do not correspond to the schema you just defined.\nTreat this folder as a place you insert only files that contain rows or objects with the same schema.\nNext Post, we will dive into Athena with examples of query over CSV and JSON. Stay tuned!", "What is the mission of Fairphone", "What role does Laura Bush believe the media plays in supporting the fight for women and children\u2019s rights in Afghanistan and Burma", "two-step ready while you listen to Snoop and Charlie rant and rave about a woman's backfield in motion. Her big old assets have these two open, and her cute face, freakum dress, sexy dancing and baller status are the icing on her cakes.\n\"Peaches N Cream\" is a catchy as hell song, and if you want to make sure that you don't get any of the words wrong as you try to sing along, then the lyric video is here to help you out. Instead of going the obvious route with a visual filled with big booties, peaches and cream, the lyric vid has an ancient Egyptian theme with pyramids and hieroglyphics. It's an unexpected direction for this low-key raunchy track, but we're too busy getting our groove on to care.", "What types of tractors do you carry, and how do you assist customers after the sale", "irst lady to deliver the president's weekly radio address, and in 2001 you used that broadcast to decry the oppression of the women and children in Afghanistan.\nMy first question is a media question. You have used the media very, very effectively to call these problems to light in these societies that are so closed. We have seen other closed societies in the Middle East use media very effectively to show women in their societies the way to live in other ways. I point out \"Oprah\" in the Middle East, some of the soap operas, books, magazines that go into these closed societies.\nIn Afghanistan can you see the role of media expanding, and can we do more with media?\nBUSH: We can definitely do more, but yes, the media has expanded. There are lots and lots of radio stations now and television stations, most of them independent. And I think that's really important. But journalists, especially female journalists, are still targeted. I know -- I think you all probably saw this story of the one radio journalist who was shot in front of her baby in her home. So we know that they are targeted.\nBut there are a lot of ways that we can support the media in all of these countries, especially Afghanistan, because there is a broad amount of free media now, or independent media. But we can also mentor journalists, and that's one of the things the U.S. Afghan American Women's Council has done. Women journalists in the U.S. are partnered with women journalists in Afghanistan to mentor them, to show them ways they can be the most effective as media people. And I think it's really important for us to do that.\nWe shouldn't forget, either, the power of the Internet to get into these countries that are so closed, like Burma, because Burma does not have, obviously, a free media. Their -- the ruling junta does not let reporters in. It's very difficult for the international community to be able -- international media to be able to get in.\nRight after the cyclone we saw that, where the rest of the world really couldn't get a very clear picture of what was happening or what the damage was. And what we mainly got at the very first were Internet scenes from people on the ground, citizens of Burma on the ground, and then the junta cut off their Internet access.\nBut I do think we -- but the whole freedom movement needs to be -- to think about how we can -- we can use the media in ways that are effective, just like Voice of America or Radio Liberty or any of the radio stations that were so important during the Cold War and at the end of the Cold War, to continue to direct those into parts of the world that are still suffering under tyranny and then to figure out ways -- and the media can be very helpful in this, too, to mentor these independent stations or independent journalists.\nMS. PILGRIM: In the coming months and years, will you continue to speak out? Will you write a book? Will you write? Will you -- I have to get that in -- will you continue to speak out in media?\nBUSH: I will continue to -- I'm going to pay, really, a lot of attention to these two issues, the international issues that I've worked on the most, both Afghanistan and Burma, through the president's freedom institute that's he's going to build with his presidential library. And it'll start before the library is actually built, because it'll take, you know, a while to raise the funds and design and build the actual building. But we want to start the institute right away.\nAnd to talk about both freedom from tyranny, but also freedom from disease, freedom from hunger, freedom from illiteracy, the other things that President Bush has worked on, but particularly in Africa, PEPFAR and President's Malaria Initiative and all of those -- but I will continue to be able to use that. I think the freedom institute is a vehicle for -- to continue to work with women in Afghanistan and Burma.\nMS. PILGRIM: Certainly, another first lady, Eleanor Roosevelt, stepped into a very formal role internationally.\nMS. PILGRIM: Do you anticipate anything of that sort?\nBUSH: Not in the next administration. (Laughter.) No, I'm only kidding. Not really. I mean, I -- you know, I'm going to continue to have a -- to do what I can, but it'll obviously be outside government.\nMS. PILGRIM: Let's turn to the economic crisis. We've certainly seen funding dry up for many very, very important causes. Do you anticipate that we will have difficulty in continuing to fund internationally some of these very important projects in Afghanistan?\nBUSH: I think that's a very big worry. It's a worry all over the world for all the things both the United States government does and for all of the many, many American foundations or private charities, philanthropies that are active around the world. And you know, that's a worry. And we have to pay attention to it.\nAnd I think both -- we need to make sure both privately -- private foundations and charities as well as government -- USAID and other ways our aid is directed -- to really make our priority so that we know that the aid that we give is used in the way we think it is most helpful, in the way that countries can use it best and that we make sure the money -- the aid that we get really gets to the people that we're directing it to.\nBut I think, I'm sure, that any -- many of you probably sit on the board of private philanthropies and charities. You have your own. And I imagine that each one of those boards are working to really pay attention to your priorities, really try to make sure that you're going to be as effective as you possibly can be, if what you give is going to be less than what it's been in other years.\nMS. PILGRIM: We'll turn to questions from the audience.\nQUESTIONER: Bruce Gelb, Council of American Ambassadors.\nMrs. Bush, just speaking for everyone in this room, this is a wonderful thing for you to be here today, to talk about some of the things that we haven't heard too much about, in this room, that our government has been doing directly and indirectly.\nMy question has to do with something that Richard Haass said at the very beginning. About 40 or 50 years ago, 40 or 50 nations signed the declaration, Universal Declaration of Human Rights.\nSince that time, the United Nations has grown to be an organization of about 192 countries. Many of those countries have an attitude that says that the declaration doesn't apply to them. They have a different standard of human rights.\nRichard Haass also pointed out the problem of --\nI'm heading to the question.\nIs there a role for a United Nations that does not have a solid agreement that human rights of people, everywhere in the world, should be protected by the strength of the United Nations? Or is it merely -- (laughter) -- a paper or plastic tiger, in a world that needs an organization, of a universal sort, that has something behind it?\nBUSH: Well, I think, obviously there is a role for the United Nations. And I think it's very important for member states, member nations to continue to encourage and work with the United Nations to meet these -- you know, to make sure countries do allow their citizens these universal rights that the United Nations itself adopted as the declaration.\nYou know, all of us look. We all look at the U.N. And we worry that it's not effective. And we worry that its message becomes diluted by states that all of us, in this room, look at and think are not well democracies or are not states that really promote the rights of their citizens.\nBut on the other hand, I think, it's a really good vehicle. It's the only one we've got. And I think we need to work with it, to make sure it becomes more effective.\nMy office certainly has worked with UNESCO. When they asked me to be the honorary ambassador of the Literacy Decade, I said yes. But I was not just going to be the ambassador for 10 years and have just, you know, some nice meetings where people talked about how important literacy was.\nI mean, if UNESCO didn't have a specific strategy, then I wou", "The upturned ark\nA critical reflection on Utopia/Dystopia: A Paradigm Shift, the first exhibition at the MAAT, Lisbon\u2019s brand-new Museum of Art, Architecture and Technology\nThe MAAT \u2013 Museu de Arte, Arquitetura e Tecnologia in Lisbon is devoting the first exhibition to be held in Amanda Levete\u2019s new building to the theme of utopia (taking its cue from the 500th anniversary of the first publication of the book of the same name by Thomas More). But Utopia/Dystopia: A Paradigm Shift (until August 21st) certainly certainly does not take a historical angle. A show that looked back at the past would have seemed out of step with the image the city now wants to give of itself with this new tourist attraction, with its futuristic, undulating terrace overlooking the Tagus, a belvedere onto the river and a place that also offers views on contemporary life and new media. So the anniversary (which actually fell last year) is an opportunity to turn the paradigm we are now witnessing on its head: the transition from that optimistic vision of the future which the inherently hopeful modern world brought with it, to the innate diffidence, if not anguish, with which we now view every headlong advance and all the various new ideas about living in the future.\nThe curators, Pedro Gadanho (director of the centre), with newcomer Jo\u00e3o Laia (who will work alongside him on artistic matters) and Susana Ventura (responsible for the architecture), believe that the utopia/dystopia dichotomy is central to the current debate. In juxtaposing contemporary art works and architectural designs, the selection largely coming from the 1970s and being seen in Portugal for the first time, they want to convey a sense of \u201can age in which everything is speeded up\u201d and where there is a \u201cpermanent sense of crisis\u201d. An age in which the very term dystopia, originally used only to describe works of literature or science fiction, is increasingly being employed to describe the actual world we live in and the failure of urban planning schemes. The five sections, which set out to portray ideal cities, the ruins of modernity, technological dreams, the personal utopia and the current sit", "king, etc.\nSuitable for Turbionaire D20AD air purifier.\nThe air is purified with a high quality filter consisting of 4 filter layers\nPrefilter for big particles, True HEPA for particles up to 0.3 microns, Activated Carbon filter with Cold Catalyst for the breakdown of volatile organic compounds\nRecommended for those suffering from respiratory allergies and asthma, it retains dust, PM10 and PM 2.5 particles.\nEURO - 38 *\n* Recommended retail price incl. VAT, excl. shipping cos", "ngth in the midst of the difficult struggle.\nSpeaking at a Mother\u2019s Day service at The Source Church in Bradenton, Florida, in May, Beth described her fight against cancer as \u201cthe ultimate test of faith,\u201d adding, \u201cIt is the evidence of things hoped for and it is the substance of things not known.\u201d\n\u201cI am not defeated by my weakness and endure in this treatment,\u201d she said. \u201cWhen I am surrounded with troubles on every side, and when I face persecution, because of my love for Christ, I am made yet stronger now.\u201d\nBeth was first diagnosed with throat cancer in September 2017. Soon thereafter, she underwent a successful 13-hour surgery to remove a massive tumor from her neck. But in November 2018, the disease resurfaced as stage-four lung cancer.\nShe was rushed to the hospital in April, when doctors discovered nearly four liters of fluid in her lungs. Beth passed away in Hawaii, where they lived, on Wednesday at 5:32 a.m", "More than ever before, children witness countless, sometimes traumatizing,\nreports events in the news. It seems that thrashing crime and awful news is unabating.\nForeign wars, organic disasters, terrorism, murders, incidents of child abuse,\nand medical epidemics flood our newscasts daily. Let alone the particular grim\nwave associated with recent school shootings.\nAll of this kind of intrudes on the innocent regarding young children. If, as specialists\nsay, kids are generally like sponges plus absorb everything that will moves on around all of them,\nhow profoundly will watching TV reports actually affect these people? How careful do\nparents need to be able to be in tracking the flow involving news into the particular home, and exactly how can\nthey look for an approach functions?\nTo answer these questions, we converted to a -panel of seasoned anchors, Peter\nJennings, Nancy Shriver, Linda Ellerbee, and Jane Pauley\u2013each having faced the particular\ncomplexities of bringing up their own weak children in some sort of news-saturated\nPhoto this: 6: 25 p. m. After an exhausting working day at any office, Mother is occupied\nproducing dinner. She parks her 9-year-old girl and 5-year-old son in front\nfrom the TV.\n\u201cPlay Nintendo until dinner\u2019s ready, \u201d she teaches the little types, who,\ninstead, start flipping channels.\nMary Brokaw on \u201cNBC News Tonight, \u201d announces that a good Atlanta gunman\nfeatures killed his spouse, daughter and son, all three using a hammer, before proceeding in\na capturing rampage that finds nine dead.\nIn \u201cWorld News Today, \u201d Peter Jennings reports that the jumbo jetliner using\nmore than three hundred passengers crashed in the spinning metal ball of fire at a Hong Kong\nAbout CNN, you will find a record about the earthquake in Turkey, using 2, 000\nOn typically the Discovery channel, there\u2019s a timely special on hurricanes and even the\nterror these people create in young children. Tech News has already struck, Floyd is usually\nFinally, that they see a neighborhood news report about a journey accident at a Ne", "What is the importance of excluding the partition key column from the list of columns when creating a table in Athena", "What materials are used to make the jewelry displays mentioned in the text", "What did Anthony Joshua say about staying humble and his attitude towards losses", "What types of products does Small Engines PRO Dealer offer in their Replacement Parts Section", "Why did the author visit the car wash", "What event was announced regarding the Galaxy Nexus device and who was involved", "What are some strategies discussed for building resilient Global Value Chains (GVCs) in ASEAN in response to the COVID-19 crisis", "mpany.\nClick here for Na\u00eff Natural Skincare\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n21. Green Flux\nIn their mission, Green Flux wants to make electric driving a success worldwide by making it as easy as possible for people. Their smart platform enables us to serve global players in the EV industry. Ultimately, the company wants to accelerate the global transition to sustainable energy.\nClick here for Green Flux\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nAbout 20 people are now working on the mission within the company Seenons; companies get residual waste-free. Seenons sees a future in which 0% residual waste is the standard. The way Seenons does that is by making it easy for companies to separate waste and then have it collected separately and sustainably.\nClick here for Seenon\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n23. Regionaal energieloket\nThe goal of the Regional energy counter is to make the home more sustainable. This goal creates lots of questions and research. What is possible in your home? What subsidies are there? And how do you find a reliable company to implement sustainable measures? The Regional energy counter offers answers and solutions to these issues.\nClick here for Regionaal energieloket\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nMetabolic\u2019s overarching mission is to transition the global economy to a fundamentally sustainable state. Metabolic advises governments, companies, and NGOs on how to adapt to a rapidly changing global context while creating disruptive solutions that can drastically change the functioning of the economy.\nClick here for Metabolic\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe Nudge company is for anyone who wants to work for a better and cleaner world. Nudge supports initiatives from the start with which they want to realize sustainable changes. The focus is mainly on changing the behavior of individuals and companies.\nClick here for Nudge\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n26. Impact Hub\nKnown as one of the world\u2019s largest networks dedicated to building entrepreneurial communities for impact at scale, Impact Hub is the home of innovators. In short, the group that creates achievable solutions to the world\u2019s most pressing problems.\nClick here for Impact Hub\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe sustainable company Yoni has many great ideas. Ideas about women\u2019s empowerment in a green, sustainable world. Together they ethically conduct their business and are opposed to chemicals in products.\nClick here for Yoni\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n28. Sustainable Appareal Coalition\nThe tools this company uses measures the environmental, social and labor impact throughout the value chain. With this data, the industry can tackle inefficiencies, resolve harmful practices and achieve the environmental and social transparency that we as consumers demand.\nClick here for Sustainable Appareal Coalition\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n29. Greenhouse Innovation\nUsing social sciences, empirical research and the power of Strategic Imagination, GreenHouse Innovation helps their clients drive innovation by unlocking the hidden value within their organizations.\nClick here for Greenhouse Innovation\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe world-renowned Greenpeace strives for a world that runs on clean energy, with rich forests, sustainable agriculture and oceans full of life. By means of research, they uncover abuses and consult with governments and companies about solutions. The theme of sustainability is very important to us.\nClick here for Greenpeace\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n31. Triodos Bank\nTriodos Bank contributes to reducing food waste and the production of cleaner energy, and supporting art that inspires and builds bridges. The mission is to make their clients\u2019 money work for positive social, environmental and cultural change.\nClick here for Triodos Bank\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nEnviu believes in an economy that serves people and the environment. And in the power of impact-driven entrepreneurship to get everyone there. Together with partners, they build companies that address social and environmental issues and drive failing markets to a new standard. In short, they build companies that change the world.\nClick here for Enviu\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n33. Outside Inc.\nAt Outside Inc. it is believed that innovation cannot be achieved just like that, but is the result of long-term dedicated effort, utilizing the core capabilities and qualities of an organization. This way, organizations are able to create sustainable change, resilient, future-proof organizations, and new forms of impactful entrepreneurship.\nClick here for Outside Inc\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n34. NLC \u2013 The health tech venture\nThis sustainable company focused on entrepreneurship is concerned with building new companies that all have a cleaner world as their goal. Their motto is: \u201cTogether we build businesses every day and promote the health of patients all over the world.\u201d\nClick here for health tech venture\u2019s company page\nThe vision at Enact is sustainable, global development, in which the business community is a responsible engine. Their mission is to help companies become more successful in achieving their overall business goals by acting more responsibly, earning the trust and reputation of consumers.\nClick here for Enact\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n36. Green essentials\nAt Green Essentials the objective is as follows; switching the whole of the Netherlands to sustainable, clean products for the home. For this company, products that are 100% animal-friendly, the partners they work with have maximum sustainability and packaging has maximum recyclability. They also believe that the products are of the highest quality in use, fragrance, softness, and power in cleaning.\nClick here for Green Essentials\u2019 company page on Magnet.me\n37. The Green Branch\nThis sustainable company is engaged in projects related to reforestation in Brazil. The goal is to store CO2 in this way and then offer it to companies and individuals.\nClick here for Green Branch\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n38. De Groene Grachten\nAt the Groene Grachten, advice is given on the opportunities for energy saving, generation, and circularity in and around heritage. The company supervises projects in the implementation and provides training, workshops, and lectures. They also develop knowledge platforms and coordinate area-specific approaches.\nClick here for De Groene Grachten\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nSkyNRG\u2019s mission is to create a sustainable future for aviation by increasing the scale of production and use of SAF. the sources of SkyNRG , blend and distribute SAF. Also, they have supplied over 35 airlines on all continents. They also guarantee sustainability within the supply chain, and the creation of innovative models to cover the price premium. Simultaneously, SkyNRG develops production plants and recently announced DSL-01, Europe\u2019s first dedicated SAF production plant. Cool right?\nClick here for SkyNRG\u2019s company page at Magnet.me", "Fast Mowing Parts\nWelcome to Replacement Parts Section! lawn mowers\nSmall Engines PRO Delaer has the most complete selection of Replacement Parts for a wide variety of small engines. All of our parts are all high quality aftermarket that will directly replace the originally placed manufacturer. These products are sold at the best price and we guarantee a fast", "What year is the GMC Vandura that designer Yasid Oozeear worked on", "How do professionals believe witnessing traumatic news events affects children", "What factors are considered when evaluating actively managed funds versus index funds according to Michael's perspective", "What should you do if you need more information and other resources do not work", "caught last time, no excuses, I gave him the credit.\n\"I respect Andy and his trainer so much, I wanted to show the sweet science of this lovely sport.\n\"Stay hungry, stay humble. I'm humble in defeat and will stay humble in victory.\n\"Careers are all about experience, I took my loss and bounced back, anyone can do it. You want me to retire and give up?\"\nJoshua's promoter Eddie Hearn told Sky Sports: \"Tonight he becomes a two-time heavyweight champion of the world and that is beautiful.\n\"They all wrote him off and he came back, give him the respect.\n\"We wanted the undisputed for years and years, don't worry about that. Tonight he's the king, they wrote him off.\"\nAnd Joshua also declared that he is open to facing Ruiz in a trilogy fight.\nHe said: \u201cWould I do it again? Without a doubt.\n\u201cI took my loss and bounced back. I heard some people say I should retire, I love this sport too much.\u201d\nRuiz was humble in defeat, admitting: \"It was his [Joshua's] night. I didn\u2019t prepare how I should have.\n\"I gained too much weight. I don\u2019t want to give too many excuses, he won. He boxed me around. If we do a third fight you best believe I\u2019m going to get in shape. I\u2019ll be in the best shape of my life.\n\"[The weight] affected me. I thought I was going to feel stronger. Next fight I\u2019m going to get more prepared. I tried to train myself for this.\n\"But I don't want to give no excuses. Anthony Joshua did a hell of a job.\n\"I was chasing him too much. I was hesitating too much.\"", "Pre-Release Galaxy Nexus Unboxing\nA bombshell has been dropped over at AndroidForums.com. One of our gracious members, drandrew18, has somehow gotten his hands on a Galaxy Nexus device before it\u2019s set to ship as early as tomorrow. He was kind enough to make a video \u201c", "How to avoid talking in someone else's sleepSee theme\nGerald Griffith, a pastor and Bible teacher in Toronto and my good friend, one day said to me, \"Every week God gives me bread for his people.\"\nI looked him straight in the eye and replied, \"That's true, but you spend a lot of time in the kitchen!\" He had to agree. Those hours \"in the kitchen\" are among the most important of my week. Why? Because in the kitchen I prepare what God gives me to feed his people. And they can be picky eaters.\nPeople are distracted by all kin", "What ingredients are included in the dressing for the cucumber salad", "On April 22nd it\u2019s Earth Day. A day that\u2019s about paying extra attention to making a positive impact on the planet. One way of doing this is by finding a green job you love. Are you interested in working for a green company? We\u2019ve put together a list of green companies on Magnet.me.\nFounded in 2010, \u201cDopper\u201d has a mission to conserve crystal clear water, in every ocean and from every tap. Every year, 8 million tons (!) of plastic waste ends up in our oceans. Dopper offers people the opportunity to use reusable water bottles to combat the use of single-use plastic to achieve the goal of clean water.\nClick here for Dopper\u2019s company page on Magnet.me.\nThe Fairphone company aims to develop smartphones that are produced with a lower environmental impact. Their HQ is located in Amsterdam. The creation of Fairphone at the time was all about the production of smartphones without the use of conflict minerals, so that people can also use their phone longer.\nClick here for Fairphone\u2019s company page on Magnet.me.\nGreendish\u2019s mission is simple; making sustainable and healthy food available to everyone. With a motivated team of food professionals and specialists, they want to rectify misunderstandings about sustainable and healthy food in their quest for a healthier environment.\nClick here for Greendish\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n4. Too Good To Go\nThis fast-growing scale-up aims to combat food waste in order to combat the greenhouse effect and thus improve the environment. Moreover, Too Good To Go has recently been voted the most inspiring company in the Netherlands! With more than 1 million users, Too Good To Go is currently the world leader in the fight against food waste.\nClick here for Too Good to Go\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n5. Go Sharing\nGo Sharing is changing the way people move around the city. The company offers electric scooters that allow people to get from A to B in a sustainable way. Their motto: from own polluted transport to shared clean transport.\nClick here for Go Sharing\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nFelyx is in the same vein as Go Sharing when it comes to sustainable transport solutions. This company also wants to achieve its goal of a cleaner environment by offering shareable electric scooters.\nClick here for Felyx\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n7. The Ocean Cleanup\nFounded in 2013, this non-profit organization develops cleaning systems that clean up waste that is already in the ocean and the systems also collect plastic from rivers that would otherwise end up in the ocean. This initiative-taking idea has already been awarded numerous prizes and is also a real green company.\nClick here for The Ocean Cleanup\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nP2 strategy is a well-known management consulting company within the environmental sector. In addition to coming up with initiatives to improve the environment themselves, they are mainly open to external customers and partners, who can analyze their idea together with P2 and then implement it strategically.\nClick here for P\u20192\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nGreenchoice is the first sustainable energy supplier company in the Netherlands. The company only supplies 100% green electricity and its mission is to make the Netherlands a little bit greener every day. They do this by saving energy and by compensating for the gas that is still being used.\nClick here for Greenchoice\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe Self-Flow company has a simple mission; The Netherlands without fossil fuel. Self-power wants to achieve this goal by offering affordable and efficient solar panels. In addition, the company supplies green energy and gas at cost price. This way, they try to motivate people a little more.\nClick here for Zelfstroom\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n11. Nexio Projects NL B.V.\nNexio Projects is an international consultancy and project management agency. The company works closely with customers and companies in their journey to a sustainable life. They provide concrete plans and goals to efficiently help companies become greener.\nClick here for Nexio Projects\u2019 company page on Magnet.me\nThe Delft-based company Octatube is a \u201cDesign & Build\u201d partner. They focus on providing high-quality solutions for facades and roofs with innovative and qualitative techniques and materials. This way, they contribute to a sustainable environment for everyone\nClick here for Octacube\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe company, which was founded in 1992, has a mission to provide insights for investors and companies to make the right decisions that lead to a sustainable and just global economy. They want to make the world greener by implementing advice and strategies.\nClick here for Sustainalytics\u2019 company page on Magnet.me\n14. Greenpark Investments\nThis dynamic organization is engaged in the management, management and rental of bungalow parks. The focus of Greenpark Investments is on offering peace, space and nature, so that people can enjoy the green Netherlands.\nClick here for Greenpark Investments\u2019 company page on Magnet.me\n15. The Greenery\nThe Greenery is an international sales organization for fresh fruit and vegetables. The efficient management and control of our wide range of products \u2013 which not only meets the needs of society but anticipates them, is the profession that the company carries out.\nClick here for The Greenery\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nVandebron brings together supply and demand for good energy and offers innovative applications that allow you to use energy in a smarter way. This way, the company works together towards 100% sustainable energy. In addition, they offer smart and accessible energy applications that are good for the world and good for you.\nClick here for Vandebron\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nPatagonia is hard at work saving our planet. This goal is pursued through the recycling of sustainable materials, among other things, and the company is internationally renowned for its commitment to product quality and environmental activism.\nClick here for Patagonia\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe company Physee proposes an energy-neutral tomorrow, where sustainability makes no concessions to design or well-being. In their mission to achieve this goal, they are developing sensory and solar technologies to improve glass for built environments.\nClick here for Physee\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\nThe sustainable company Seepje makes natural washing and cleaning products based on the Sapindus fruit from the Himalayas. As soon as the peel of this fruit sees water, it produces a natural form of soap. In this initiative, they ensure, together with us, a cleaner and more beautiful world!\nClick here for Seepje\u2019s company page on Magnet.me\n20. Na\u00eff Natural skincare\nNa\u00eff Natural skincare, the name says it all, contributes to a cleaner world by offering natural skincare products. Moreover, production is conducted in a sustainable manner. As a result, Na\u00eff Care can rightly call itself a green co", "Rockford-based The Caldwell Group Inc. has manufactured a customized lifting device that is being used during assembly of cryomodules at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory (Fermilab) in Batavia, in its home state of Illinois, U.S. The project was awarded to Caldwell distributor John Sakash Company Inc., also of Illinois.\nThe process requires precision assembly apparatus, as Fermilab builds SSR1 cryomodules (sections of modern particle accelerators) for its Proton Improvement Plan-II (PIP-II), an essential upgrade to the Fermilab accelerator complex. The Caldwell system, specified red in color, offers multiple configurations and can be raised and lowered with surgical accuracy by hand-wheel, an operational requirement of the end user.\nThe centerpiece of the solution, which meets the ASME B30.20 BTH-1 standard, is a 6,000-lb. capacity main beam, while two 1,500-lb. extension beams can be added at either end. All three beams span 371 in. (9,423.4 mm) but it will be adapted to suit various assembly processes. Cryomodules are positioned on a track directly beneath the beam/s and tooling is utilized to accurately position components beneath various lifting points.\nPete Sakash, of John Sakash Company, said: \u201cFermilab provided very detailed specifications for the lifting device, with the principle challenges for the contractor being low headroom, uneven flooring, and critical stability.Our system provides a ft. or so of adjustability but in use they\u2019re only really going to need to utilize about 6 in. of that.\u201d\nDan Mongan, special application support, new product development specialist at Caldwell, said: \u201cThe project is notable for the accuracy of assembly that we had to accommodate. Fermilab is a facility at the sharpest point of scientific investigation. Using threaded rods, the hand-wheel can position the beams to millimeter accuracy. Only the columns remain rigid as the system provides Sakash\u2019s customer with every possible lifting point cryomodule assembly will require.\u201d\nAmerican Rigging & M", "What are the main purposes and functionalities of AWS Athena as described in the article", "What does the term \"unboxing\" refer to in the given text segment", "What are some of the design features and attributes of the exterior and interior of the ML350 mentioned in the text", "Girls travel folding simple design high quality OEM logo print portable pink color oval shaped plastic compact mirror with comb\n1pc/oppbag,60pcs inner box 300pcs/CTN.\nSilk screen, offset, heat transfer, stamp, water print, etc.\n100% eco-friendly plastic material\nVarior shapes,size and color are available\nCheapest price and high quality\nGood production capacity and quick delivery.\nCustomers Logo printing is acceptable\nCustomers pantone color is acceptable\nFounded in 2000, Ningbo XUNSHI Im/export Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer and exporter of Promotional gifts items. Our business experience let us have strong printing method and manage production. The products quality will be our life and good business service is our god. So we believe that we will be a good partner and our practice action will let you trust us and willing to cooperate with us for mutual benefits.\nOur products include\nMobile phone Gifts : 3D VR glasses, earphone, cable organizer, screen cleaner, phone holder, phone case, sylus pen; Stationery gifts: ballpen, Notebook, stapler, memo holder, paper clip, clip dispenser, name card holder, pencil sharpener, eraser, tape dispenser, letter opener, calculator, Magnifier, stationery case, Household gifts : Travel mug,ice bucket, ice scraper, Gift tool kit, Tape measure, coin bank, badge holder,sewing kit; Personal care Gifts : Massager, First aid kit, pill box, Mirror, comb, hand sanitizer, tooth accessories, sunglasses clip, clothes cleaner, manicure set; Outdoor Gifts : Beach items, hand clapper, waterproof case, sunglasses, silicone wristband; Kitchenware Gifts : Utensil, Bottle opener, Lunch box, Sports Gifts : Luggage tag, key chain, PU stress ball, Yoyo ball, Pedometer, whistle, horn, Gadgets; Electronic Gifts : Led key chain light, COB light, warning light, camping light, working light, solar torch, dynamo torch, book light, pen light, touch light, Plastic flashlight. etc products\nDo B2B alibaba more than 15 years. top 10 grade in gifts & promotional line alibaba.\nDo gifts & promotional line more than 20 years, we have more experiences for this line.\nOEM design and faster mold time, professional & experience designer to meet client requirements.\nOne to one personalized service online or offline. our sales term staff mobile phone open on 24 hours.\nLower order quantity allowed, we can do trial order or sample order. and free of charge of samples.\nGood quality control systerm, professional QC to monitor products to save customer inspection charge.\nHave long term cooperated forwarder partners what meet requirement to clients shipment to CIF term.\nIn order to maintain our competitive advantage, we are constantly running special offers on our promotion gifts and design services. contact our sales team to feel how we can help you save a lot of money.\nBefore Delivery, we make sure 100% full inspection. In case any defective, we'll replace it for free immediately or with new shippment.\nGenerally, we supply 1-year warranty with our products, meanwhile any defective products, please send us pictures or videos or defective samples. We'll check it and replace it free. Furthermore, the warranty doesn't cover any damaged products caused by improper use.\nAny OEM designs was adopted. we will open mold in our costs, no need customer to pay any mold fee.\nAny OEM designs was not adopted but designs is innovative. we will charge half mold fee.\nWelcome OEM design from customer\nCustomer just provide us any reference photos, our design will do 3D digital artwork for customer within couple days. our designer was proficient in designed software like UG, Pore, CAD, 3D max et", "What is this article about?\nIn this article, we will start exploring AWS Athena,\nYou will learn how to create a query.\nThis article is mainly for BI developers who want to extend their capabilities to handle Big Data.\nWhat is Athena?\nAthena is a full, serverless service that gives you the power to make SQL-like queries on top of structured and semi-structured files in S3.\nIt is important to note that Data is not stored in Athena. Athena only query the data nut doesn\u2019t store it.\nIf you would like to query files in s3, you should first create a table.\nThe difference between a Relational DB and Athena\nFirst you need an AWS account for using its services.\n** If you already have an Account skip to the next section.\n- Open your browser\n- Enter https://aws.amazon.com/\n- Click on \u201cCreate an AWS Account\u201d\n- Enter your email and password\n- Click \u201cContinue\u201d\n- Enter your Contact Information\n- Check the box \u201cCheck here to indicate that you\u2026\u201d\n- Click \u201cCreate Account and Continue\u201d\n- Enter your \u201cPayment Information\u201d\n- Click \u201cVerify and Add\u201d\n- Finish the \u201cConfirm your identity\u201d process\n- Select the Free Basic Plan\n- That is, you have an AWS Account\n- Sign into the Consol.\nSecond, you need to upload you file to S3\n- Go to S3 and click \u201cCreate Bucket\u201d\n- Enter you Bucket Name and choose the region\n- Click the Next\n- Click \u201cCreate Bucket\u201d\nNow you should see your Bucket\n- Click your Bucket\n- Click \u201cCreate Folder\u201d\n- Name you Folder \u201cFinancial_Example\u201d and click \u201cSave\u201d\n- Upload the Financial_Example File to your new Folder\n- You can find the file here.\nCreating a Table\n- Click on \u201cConnect data source\u201d\n- Check the \u201cQuery data in Amazon S3\u201d, \u201cAWS Glue data catalog\u201d\n- Click Next\nAnd then you need to choose:\n- Using AWS Glue on S3\n* Glue is an AWS service that creates automatic sch", "w\nJersey entertainment park that eliminates a mother in addition to her eight-year-old daughter.\nNintendo was never this riveting.\n\u201cDinner\u2019s ready! \u201d shouts Mom, unaware that her children may be terrified\nby this menacing potpourri of TV reports.\nWhat\u2019s wrong with this picture?\n\u201cThere\u2019s a great deal wrong with it, but it\u2019s not really that easily fixable, \u201d notes Linda\nEllerbee, the inventor and host involving \u201cNick News, inches the award-winning information\nprogram geared intended for kids ages 8-13, airing on Nickelodeon.\n\u201cWatching blood and even gore on TV SET is just not good intended for kids also it won\u2019t do\nmuch in order to enhance the existence of adults either, \u201d says the anchor, who aims in order to\ninform children about world situations without terrorizing them. \u201cWe\u2019re into\nextending kids\u2019 brains and even irritating we didn\u2019t cover, \u201d which include\nrecent programs upon euthanasia, the Kosovo crisis, prayer in schools, book-\nbanning, the death fees, and Sudan slaves.\nBut Ellerbee stresses the necessity of parental supervision, protecting\nchildren through unfounded fears. \u201cDuring the Oklahoma City bombing, generally there were bad images of young children being hurt plus killed, \u201d Ellerbee recalls. \u201cKids\nwanted to know should they were safe in their mattresses. In studies performed by\nNickelodeon, many of us found out that kids find the particular news the almost all frightening issue\n\u201cWhether it is the Gulf War, the Clinton scandal, the downed jetliner, or perhaps what\nhappened throughout Littleton, you have to reassure the children, over in addition to over again,\nthey are going to always be OK\u2013that the reason why this story is information is that THIS\nALMOST NEVER HAPPENS. Media will be the exception\u2026 no one goes on the air flow\nhappily and records how many aeroplanes landed safely!\n\u201cMy job is to be able to put the information straight into an age-appropriate circumstance and lower\nanxieties. Then it\u2019s definitely up to typically the parents to screen what their children observe\nand discuss it with them", "What is the main mission that Primrose Schools aims to advance through its initiatives", "ences.\nOn the outside, the ML350 screams of elegance and sportiness that give both driver and passengers an aura of having no borders, either time or space. Its grille, side windows and moldings, and twin exhaust tips are embellished with highly-polished aluminum and chrome trims. 19-inch alloy wheels transmit the engine\u2019s power, working hand-in-hand with the ML350\u2019s four-wheel independent suspension system. The end result is agile handling under whatever weather or road conditions.\nThe interior styling and amenities are for you to find out. All we could say is that there\u2019s a lot of space and comfort generously sprinkled above and below its entire cabin. And, there\u2019s a lot of tech hidden beneath the panels to make you feel as secure and comfortable as possible.", "made the decision to be even more intentional with these efforts:\nThe entire Primrose organization embraces the importance of \u201cgiving without expectation,\u201d an ideal that is also nurtured in children as part of the Primrose Balanced Learning approach. In 2018, Primrose leveraged collective action to advance quality early education, children\u2019s health and safety, and emergency relief and preparedness:\nBy increasing access to quality education, encouraging sustainable practices and good health for all children, and nurturing the value of giving without expectation, Primrose can further advance its mission to forge a path that leads to a brighter future for all children. Learn more about Primrose Schools by visiting PrimroseSchools.com.\nAbout Primrose Schools\u00ae\nPrimrose Schools is the leader in providing premier early education and care to children and families in the United States. Founded in 1982, there are nearly 400 Primrose schools in 29 states today. Each school is independently owned and operated by Franchise Owners who work together with parents to help children build the right foundation for future learning and life. Primrose believes who children become is as important as what they know. The Primrose-exclusive Balanced Learning\u00ae approach is created from the best early education wisdom and balances purposeful play with nurturing guidance from teachers to encourage curiosity, creativity, confidence and compassion. For more information, visit www.PrimroseSchools.com, connect with us on Facebook and Twitter, explore our blog, sign up for our Pointers for Parents emails and find a Primrose school near you", "ATLANTA (January 29, 2019) \u2013 Leading early education and care provider Primrose Schools and its nearly 400 independently owned schools across the country joined forces for the most successful fundraising and volunteering year in the company's 36-year history. Through its Primrose PromiseSM CSR program, more than 63,000 Primrose children and their families engaged in giving efforts that generated more than $914,000 for local and national charities in 2018. These efforts represent a 16.8 percent increase over the company's 2017 impact.\nPrimrose Promise gives Primrose team members, children and their families meaningful opportunities to make a difference in their communities. Primrose Promise efforts focus on three key impact areas \u2013 people, the planet and philanthropy \u2013 and help Primrose fulfill its mission to forge a path that leads to a brighter future for all children.\n\"We constantly look for new and better ways to teach giving without expectation in our schools,\u201d said Primrose Schools CEO Jo Kirchner. \u201cWe hope that our commitment to nurturing character and altruism will result in future citizens who aspire to empower others, care for the planet and give back to their communities.\u201d\nPrimrose is passionate about helping people \u2013 children, families, staff and early education professionals \u2013 reach their full potential through dedicated early education and care partnerships, research and advocacy. In 2018, the company accomplished the following:\nPrimrose is committed to helping children understand the importance of sustainability and their responsibility to help protect the planet. Last year, Primrose Schools", "An Edmonton teen has been sent to hospital with serious injuries after being chased and struck by a vehicle in a north-side school field early Monday morning.\nAt around 3:30 a.m., northeast division officers responded to a report of a collision in a school field near 30 Street and 151 Avenue. Police said it was reported that a group of five teenagers were being chased by a man driving a red, older model vehicle when one of the teenagers, a male, was struck by the vehicle.", "Last Monday, Oct. 11, the Museum of Natural History was crowded in quite a different way than usual. Throughout the museum, visitors wearing stickers that read \u201cDecolonize This Museum\u201d marched and chanted, breaking only for slam poetry and speeches delivered via\nOccupy-style human microphone. The focal point of all of this activity was a large tarp draped over the statue of Teddy Roosevelt at the Central Park West entrance. The demonstrations were organized by NYC Stands With Standing Rock, a group that advocates for the Standing Rock Sioux\u2019s rights to their sovereignty, along with a three-month installation (until December 17) at Artist\u2019s Space called \u201cDecolonize This Place.\u201d On Tuesday, representatives for NYC Stands With Standing Rock, along with members of the performance intervention group Liberate Tate and the activist group Global Ultra Luxury Faction, aggregated for a conversation on racism in anthropology called \u201cDecolonize This Museum.\u201d\nNYC Stands With Standing Rock is a group that NYU students may be familiar with, as one of its protests took place in September in Washington Square Park. Its action focuses on the planned Dakota Access Pipeline, but also extends beyond this: on Monday, it incorporated prayer and religious rituals from Native American traditions in front of the anthropological exhibits.\nOut of the three groups represented, NYC Stands With Standing Rock was the outlier, focusing on more traditional forms of protest. Liberate Tate and GULF have more corresponding goals and use similar methods to achieve said goals \u2014 using direct action as art and protest within individual museums. Liberate Tate began in 2010 with the goal of persuading the Tate Museum in London into refusing funds from British Petroleum. GULF is related to the Gulf Labor Coalition, a group which aims to stop worker e", "Duane \u201cDog\u201d Chapman spoke out Thursday about the death one day before of his 51-year-old wife Beth Chapman, who had been battling cancer since 2017.\nSpeaking to reporters, he referenced John 11, which chronicles the miraculous encounter that resulted in Jesus raising Lazarus from the dead.\n\u201cI love her so much,\u201d Chapman said of Beth, according to TMZ. \u201cAs Lazarus laid, Jesus said, \u2018He\u2019s not dead. He\u2019s sleeping.\u2019 My final words were, \u2018Beth isn\u2019t dead. She\u2019s sleeping.\u201d\nEarlier during his remarks, the famous TV star, who has been outspoken about his Christian faith, joked his late wife was a \u201ccontrol person.\u201d\n\u201cAnd so not from the grave, but from heaven,\u201d he said, \u201cI\u2019m sure she\u2019s still controlling me.\u201d\nOn Wednesday, when he announced her passing, Chapman wrote on Twitter that Beth \u201chiked the stairway to heaven.\u201d\nAs for Beth, she was very transparent about her battle with cancer and how her Christian faith gave her stre", "New York City, New York\nRICHARD N. HAASS: Good morning. I'm Richard Haass, president of the Council on Foreign Relations. And I want to welcome all of you.\nI want to thank you for your patience. And I want to make it clear, for the record, that the first lady departed Washington on time. And the responsibility for the delay clearly falls on air traffic control and traffic here in New York. One of the principles of the Bush administration is punctuality. And I want everyone to know, in no way was that principal compromised today.\nI want to extend a special welcome to the first lady. We are honored to have you with us today.\nOver the past eight years, Mrs. Bush has brought grace and graciousness to the White House. But also as befits someone who hails from Midland, Texas, she has also brought grit.\nShe has championed the cause of reading and literacy. She has cast much-needed light on the plight of girls and women, in Afghanistan, who have suffered so much under the Taliban. And she has criticized the government of Burma for its refusal to accept international help for its people.\nIt is no coincidence then that Mrs. Bush is here with us today, December 10, 2008, the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. This document was then and is still extraordinary, both in what and in who it covers. At the same time, this declaration raises profound issues for this country and for those who lead it.\nTo say one supports human rights immediately raises the question of how much. Human rights are a real interest of our nation. But they are not the only national interest.\nPromoting concern for human rights, at the same time the United States seeks cooperation from other governments, on foreign policy endeavors ranging from stemming the spread of nuclear materials and climate change to maintaining a functioning world economy, is often easier said than achieved.\nThere is as well the matter of how best to promote human rights. How much should be public? How much should be private? When is persuasion called for? And when is criticism?\nWhen are political and economic sanctions warranted? And of course, there is the question of military force, of humanitarian intervention and the responsibility to protect. And all of this touches on the most basic elements of world order.\nThe Universal Declaration of Human Rights was passed by the General Assembly of the United Nations, the same organization that is on record saying that nothing in its charter shall authorize the United Nations to intervene in matters which are essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of any state.\nSo balancing the rights of individuals with the sovereign protections of the state is one of the most complex and controversial matters in contemporary international relations. So for all these reasons and more, we are fortunate in having the first lady here today, to discuss issues tied to these important questions.\nWe are also fortunate in having Kitty Pilgrim of CNN to preside. Kitty, as all of you with cable will surely know, is a correspondent for CNN business news and appears regularly on \"Lou Dobbs Tonight.\" She is also an experienced and award-winning journalist who's covered international stories ranging from Russia to Cuba to South Africa. And I am proud to say she is also a long-time member of the Council on Foreign Relations.\nMrs. Bush will begin by making some opening remarks, and then she and Ms. Pilgrim will have a conversation, after which the meeting will be opened up for questions from our members.\nWe're starting a few minutes late, and I hope the schedule of everyone here will allow them to stay a few minutes late, because we don't want to in any way give the subjects today or our guests -- we don't want to cut back on the opportunity.\nSo with that, let me again welcome to the Council on Foreign Relations the first lady of the United States, Laura Bush.\nFIRST LADY LAURA BUSH: Thank you very much, Mr. Haass. Appreciate it very much. And thanks to all of the members who are here, members of CFR who've come today.\nThis is my opportunity to use the 60th anniversary of the international declaration of human rights to talk about some things that I'm particularly interested in: the rights of women; and two countries that are of special interest to me, Afghanistan and Burma.\nAnd I found it really interesting, when I was looking back on the signing or the adoption of the international declaration of human rights, that Afghanistan and Burma were both countries that were the original -- of the original 48 countries that signed the international declaration.\nToday, as we mark the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, we know that this document proclaims the rights that belong to every human being of every religion, race, class or gender. I've met thousands of women from many nations, and I've seen that women everywhere have the same dreams. They want to be educated. They want to raise their children in peace. They want to enjoy good health, to be prosperous, and to be heard.\nIn Afghanistan, women are working to overcome years of oppression to secure these basic rights. Since 2001, millions of Afghan voters have turned out for two democratic elections, and 40 percent of these voters were women. Women now make up 28 percent of Afghanistan's parliament. They're taking jobs in every sector, from journalism to the national police force. And today more than 6 million Afghan children, including almost 2 million girls, are in school.\nBut as we see on the news every single day, the women of Afghanistan still face intimidation and violence on their path to equal rights. Just last week, or a couple of weeks ago, we all watched in horror our television screens when we saw the stories of the female students and teachers in southern Afghanistan who were assaulted with acid as they walked to school.\nThe school's principal called the attackers the enemies of Afghanistan. And the most seriously injured victim, a 17-year-old girl, said, and I quote, she would continue her schooling \"even if they try to kill\" her.\nThe problems that we see that -- of -- all the problems that we see in Afghanistan are the huge charge it -- huge challenges that a failed state faces when they try to rebuild. Most people in Afghanistan want to live their lives free from the Taliban. And the Afghans will need our support and the support of the international community probably for years as they rebuild their country.\nAt the Afghanistan support conference in Paris last June, I announced that the United States had dedicated an additional $10.2 billion to help Afghanistan implement its National Development Strategy. The international community matched this contribution with a commitment of $10 billion as well.\nWe must now live up to our pledges to help the Afghan government promote agriculture, build roads, harness renewable energy and, on an issue that's close to my heart, improve access to education. The right to an education is enshrined in the Universal Declaration. But worldwide, more than 770 million adults live without basic literacy skills.\nNearly two-thirds, of course, of these adults who cannot read are women. Expanding education to women and girls is especially important, because educated women are much more likely to be advocates for their children's education. And we know that educated women raise healthier, better-nourished families.\nAs honorary ambassador for the United Nations Literacy Decade, I've worked with UNESCO to lay the groundwork toward achieving literacy for all. With support and strong encouragement from the United States, UNESCO launched the Literacy Assessment and Monitoring Program, or LAMP, which is the first of its kind, ever, assessment effort for country-specific literacy needs. These countries that have these literacy needs can use LAMP, supported by UNESCO, to really determine what their statistics are. And many of the most illiterate countries obviously don't h", "Ladies and gents, meet one of Mercedes-Benz\u2019s most reliable workhorse\u2014the 2010 ML350. It\u2019s no surprise that this vehicle stands for utmost reliability and comfort. Powered by a 3.5-liter V6 that maxes out at 268 hp, the ML350 will take you anywhere you want to go\u2014fast. It can spring from zero to sixty in just under 8 seconds, all the while saving fuel with a 15/20 mile-per-gallon city/highway EPA rating. And it\u2019s no short of power, capable of hauling 7.2 tons of dead weight.\nAnd then there\u2019s the ML350\u2019s generous helping of leading-edge technological features that make driving performance, safety and security world-class. You can actually choose from a wide variety of OEM options to personally customize your vehicle according to your lifestyle and driving prefer", "rategies to build resilient GVCs in ASEAN.\nIt includes utilisation of pandemic-related policy measures and actions implemented by ASEAN Member States; improvement in risk management by the private sector; and, strong push for digital transformation by the public and private sectors.\nFourth and fifth strategies are promoting new and crisis-resistant industries as well as reconsidering company strategies for international production: offshoring or reshoring, respectively.\nFor effectively dealing with the COVID-19 crisis and its economic aftermath, it is important for policymakers to resist the temptation of quick-fix solutions or protectionism, and maintain an overall favourable business climate. \u2013 Oct 17, 2020", "What issues does the GULF coalition continue to face in relation to the Guggenheim museum in Abu Dhabi", "What was the year-over-year decline in the number of container ships passing through the Suez Canal in the second quarter of 2013", "What problem is the user experiencing with Zimbra after their VM shut off", "What was the intended upgrade version for Zimbra after shutting it down", "EACH ASEAN country and company engaged in international production networks should examine vulnerability of value chains to external risks, proposed the ASEAN-Japan Centre (AJC).\nAccording to AJC\u2019s recent publication, entitled Resilient Global Value Chains (GVCs) for ASEAN and its Relationship with Partner Countries, the degree of risks of value chains to external shocks and identified which industries tend to be more vulnerable to risks.\nThere are two types of risks \u2014 risks that affect the upstream part of GVCs (supplier market concentration) and those affecting the downstream part of GVCs (buyer market concentration) \u2014 which are considered.\nAccording to a statement, AJC has further proposed a set of five st", "thinking that our exhibitors play in displaying your items will reflect the essence of your outfit. Our products in the exhibition store create unique energy and brightness in your furniture and jewelry.\nThe Best Showcases for Your Jewelry\nOur clothing display racks will create an added value to your wardrobe if you have a high-quality visible retailer. This will provide a lasting impression on your customers which is why it has made your store the best among your competitors in the long run. Our company understands the need to have affordable, orderly, and attractive products and products. We provide products that will enhance and simplify your store and also recommend your store completely. Our Jewelry Displays products are designed to enhance the decoration of your store so they (products) are designed in the best way that will improve the layout and make the store\u2019s visual display more efficient.\nDepending on the needs and abilities of the person we can provide display adjustment as needed in the shortest possible time. Our customer service lines are always open to assist, answer questions from any clients, and even set purchase dates", "There are plenty of opportunities to play lottos online, but rather than buying individual tickets or betting on lottos on your own, why not join an online lotto syndicate? The benefits of joining a syndicate are immense. If you\u2019d like to learn more about how you could benefit, then grab yourself a cuppa and read on!\nWhat Is An Online Lotto Syndicate?\nThe chances are you\u2019ll have heard of lottery syndicates \u2013 where a group of people get together and buy lottery tickets en masse. But whilst it used to be a case that you needed to know other people in real life to form a syndicate, now you don\u2019t need to, as things have moved on a long way.\nNow you needn\u2019t worry if you don\u2019t know anyone, or enough people, to form your own syndicate. Instead, you can join in with a group of strangers online. What\u2019s more, there\u2019s no hassle involved with someone having to take charge and organise the collection of funds and buying the tickets. By using a dedicated online lotto syndicate company, all the important details are managed for you, so you can get sit back and enjoy the game.\nAs statistics suggest that one in five of all lottery jackpot wins are won by syndicates, it\u2019s definitely an option well worth exploring.\nWhat Are The Benefits of an Online Lottery Syndicate?\nWhen it comes to the benefits of getting involved with an online lotto syndicate, there are numerous gains to be had. It\u2019s one of those areas where the pros of being involved in a group seem to far outweigh the cons of going it alone.\nTo start with, being part of a lotto syndicate gives you more chances of winning \u2013 and of winning bigger prizes. There\u2019s definitely more power in being part of a group, than an individual. That\u2019s one of the primary reasons why people choose to be part of a syndicate, and we certainly agree.\nAnother key benefit is the chance to take part in online syndicates that bet on far more than just the standard National Lottery in the UK. Instead, many of the online lotto betting sites give you access to some of the biggest and best lotteries across the world. For example, renowned lotteries such as MegaMillions, PowerBall, Oz Lotto, the Irish Lotto, or EuroMillions. They give more chances of winning prizes, and of winning bigger cash pots, and when you\u2019re part of a syndicate, you\u2019re in a great position.\nHaving an organisation manage the whole process is a godsend too. There\u2019s no detailed admin to do, no collecting monies from numerous people and no falling out about ticket purchasing. An independent company will handle all the nitty gritty details for you, so you can relax and wait for the numbers to be drawn.\nHow To Join an Online Lotto Syndicate\nLike the idea of joining an online lotto syndicate? Who wouldn\u2019t! If you\u2019re keen to get going and join a syndicate, there are plenty of options available.\nOnline lotto betting companies such as LottoPlus and OneLotto have divisions dedicated to lotto syndicates.", "I Know Why Your Car Shakes and How to Fix it!\nIs your car shaking like something is desperately wrong? Mine was and I fixed it! Here's how...\nSo, I've been pretty much using my Kia Sorento as a tank lately. Getting through snow piles that no car should go through. No wonder my car shakes like it's bowling.\nI have kicked the snow behind the tires and still shake,", "For the dressing:\n1 tbsp mirin\n1 tbspn light soy sauce\n1 tbspn toasted sesame oil\nA squeeze of lime or lemon juice\n1 mild-to-medium red chilli, de-seeded and finely sliced\nSmall thumb of fresh ginger, peeled and grated\n2-3 spring onions, finely sliced\n2 cloves of garlic, peeled and finely sliced\nA handful of coriander leaves\nPeel the cucumbers \u2013 ours were from the garden and quite spiky and knobby. Then, using a potato peeler, slice them into fine, wide ribbons from top to bottom, leaving behind the seedy middle.\nPut the cucumber into a sieve, sprinkle with salt and leave to drain over the sink for about 15 minutes. Rinse and pat dry.\nMake the dressing, whisking together all the ingredients except the coriander leaves. Toss the cucumber ribbons in the dressing and set aside in the fridge.\nWhen you\u2019re ready to eat, slice the salmon finely and arrange on a platter or individual plates. Stir the coriander leaves through the cucumber salad and serve it in neat(ish) mounds on the side.", "What educational qualifications and professional experiences does Dr. Sarah have that support her expertise in small animal surgery", "tap here to see other videos from our team.\nThe driver fled the scene prior to police arriving.\nThe teen was treated on scene by paramedics and transported to hospital with serious injuries, police said.\nWitnesses describe the driver as a man with tattoos on his face.\nAnyone with information is asked to contact the EPS at 780-423-4567 or #377 from a mobile phone. Anonymous information can also be submitted to Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477 or online at www.p3tips.com/250", "What types of gifts does Ningbo XUNSHI Im/export Co., Ltd. manufacture and export", "unboxing\u201d for it.\nThe reason we put that in quotations is because it\u2019s not an actual unboxing. More like an \u201cunenveloping,\u201d perhaps. I\u2019m positive this isn\u2019t how the retail packaging will be, but since it\u2019s prerelease we understand why it was delivered to him this way", "Tall Fescue is a Medium-to dark blue-green colored grass with medium blades and high density. Gardner Advantage Tall Fescue is more recuperative than common Tall Fescue, but because it still does not repair itself from pet or traffic injury as readily as Kentucky Bluegrass this variety is best for those wanting a lower maintenance grass that will only get moderate traffic.\nThis item is not carried in stock it is available by special order only!\nTall Fescue is ideal for those wanting a lower maintenance grass that will get a moderate amount of traffic.\nCOLOR & TEXTURE\nMedium to dark blue-green color. Medium blades with high density and excellent leaf uniformity\nGrows well in all types, from heavy clay to sandy soils. Displays an above average tolerance to acidic, alkaline, saline and poorly drained soils.\nMow to a height of 1.5 to 2.5 inches. Frequency is once to twice a week.\nTo avoid dry out, all newly planted Tall Fescue turf should be watered daily and soaked t", "What types of risks affecting global value chains does the ASEAN-Japan Centre consider", "Does a Mutual Fund\u2019s Age Matter?\nWhen comparing actively managed mutual funds for your portfolio, how much attention should you pay to a fund\u2019s age?\nOn the one hand, research has shown that, on average, younger funds outperform older funds, perhaps because advances in technology give new fund managers an advantage over existing managers. As one might predict, this advantage dissipates over time as new funds enter the fray.1\nOn the other hand, it\u2019s very difficult to assess whether a new fund will go the distance. \u201cInvesting in a brand-new active strategy is pretty risky, because you\u2019re basing your entire investment on the promise of strong returns without a track record to back it up,\u201d says Michael Iachini, vice president and head of manager research for Charles Schwab Investment Advisory.\nThat\u2019s why, when selecting funds for inclusion on Schwab\u2019s Mutual Fund OneSource Select List\u00ae, Michael and his team exclude tho", "th matching side mirrors, LED headlight units, winch and tow-hooks, eight roof-mounted LED rally lights, a lifted and upgraded suspension setup, all-terrain tires, and some slick red five-spoke wheels. This is the kind of design that just might draw a reputable restomod shop to pick up as a real project.\nReport by Yasid Design", "What gifts did Jill and Bruce bring when they came for a meal", "Sales & Service. We carry Mahindra and Massey Ferguson Tractors. Whether you need a 25HP or a 90HP, we will work with you to ensure that you get the perfect tractor to fit your needs...and we will be here for all of your parts & service needs after the sale.", "When client\u2019s come to us for development projects, they know they want something, can\u2019t really say what, but definitely need to know how much it\u2019ll cost and how long it\u2019ll take. Things get worse when you add half-baked ideas about software being \u2018finished\u2019, and the buzzword free-for-all that is our industry. Overcoming these challenges means knowing how to integrate an agile workflow, sell it to clients and then manage it so the whole thing doesn\u2019t come off the rails and end in tears.\nThis talk is based on knowledge from working with several agencies and their various flavours of agile, from the tepid to th", "What features are mentioned in the description that could attract a reputable restomod shop"]}