{"q_indices": [107, 124, 9, 57, 45, 23, 21, 93, 127, 125, 115, 7, 119, 102, 84, 86, 74, 48, 69, 109, 72, 117, 82, 5, 111, 33, 105, 60, 52, 8, 97, 35, 94, 58, 13, 26, 67, 34, 4, 88, 12, 0, 75, 42, 89, 53, 55, 2, 56, 29, 24, 95, 77, 87, 31, 65, 41, 30, 17, 6, 76, 99, 116, 81], "a_indices": [36, 38, 61, 59, 68, 103, 126, 120, 98, 47, 122, 106, 118, 114, 63, 90, 40, 78, 10, 66, 123, 64, 16, 18, 113, 28, 19, 22, 1, 54, 62, 3, 43, 91, 46, 20, 71, 50, 37, 79, 85, 15, 110, 11, 32, 121, 25, 80, 101, 73, 51, 83, 100, 70, 27, 49, 104, 112, 39, 14, 92, 108, 96, 44], "texts": ["What legal standards were set out in Yogyakarta, Indonesia in 2006 concerning the rights of sexual minorities", "February 23rd, 2011\nAs the temp continue to be in the low teens (yeah, like TWELVE), the Nation looks to sunny balmy Florida, where Adrian Gonzalez hit 20 balls off a tee Monday, the 1st swings of a bat he has taken since having shoulder surgery in the off-season. He dis his final day of tee work today, then take a day off and go from there. And since his arm didn\u2019t fall off or anything, I would take that as a good sign\u2026More than likely, he will start some batting practice over the weekend\u2026\nMark Toxemia is an idiot. OK, I know, no great revelation there. Why is he an idiot at this particular- moment? His comments earlier in the week: \u201cIt\u2019s a lot of fun because we\u2019re the underdogs this year. I love it. No one is picking us right now. We have to re-prove ourselves this year. The Red Sox made a lot of great improvements.\u201d Let me say this slowly. If a team has almost a quarter of a BILLION dollars in payroll (about $200 million) you don\u2019t get to call yourself an underdog, a scrappy team \u201cthe little engine that could\u201d, etc etc..Its just\u2026STUPID\u2026Capish?\nHave you seen pictures of Jason Varitek this year? Hold Buckets! He is jacked! He looks better than ever and certainly better than alot of guys half his age. I really think catching LESS has helped him combat the effects of being a catcher has had on his body. And there is really no end in sight for the man who has caught more games in a Red Sox uniform than any other (1421 games). He weighs in: \u201cIf my body holds up and I\u2019m able to do the things I feel I can still do, Ill play as long as I can. If I start compromising my livelihood or my kids, later in life, Ive got to start questioning things\u2026\u201d\nSo the Sox are going to extend Tito\u2019s contract 2 more years to 2013, at $4.5 million per? well, DUH\u2026He is only arguable the BEST Manager the Boston Red Sox have EVER had\u2013its not like they are going to FIRE him\u2013He\u2019s a bargain at twice that price\u2026\nApparently Hank Steinbrenner is trying to channel his fath", "What is the latest series of paintings mentioned in the text", "r shaft, the ladder slipped out from beneath him creating him to tumble ten-twelve ft... [extra]\nHilary Duff flashes her bare breast as she spills out of her plunging best immediately after wild night of partying on Television set comedy drama Young Get it while it lasts! Right after hyping it on social networking for weeks, Kanye West and Kim Kardashian drop their most current assortment of childrenswear Ryan Phillippe says he broke his leg 'terribly' and had 'surgical consideration' as he is hospitalized after 'freak accident' together with his household on Sunday A barely-there bump! Pregnant Lara Trump reveals off a tiny belly less than two months view website from her thanks day, as she and partner Eric attend Girls's golf Witaj Polsko! Countless royal followers line the streets to welcome Kate and William to Warsaw because they kick off an motion-packed vacation to he said Poland\nHe features a report of aggressive behavior. On Might eleven, he was arrested and billed with menacing and felony possession of a weapon for threatening a man who had come to his apartment on Walton Avenue to notarize paperwork.\nKing was arrested anyway, along with Yet another gentleman across the street wearing precisely the same shade jacket. He claims when he requested about fees, the cop replied, \"I don't really know what I am charging you with.\nThe person held a boy in his arms. The woman held the hand of a woman inside a flowing Sunshine costume. It was not obvious should they had been connected to any with the victims. They walked around slowly but surely, as sidewalk injury lawyer nyc if within a daze.\nYellow Taxi Grievance Create a complaint about a yellow taxi driver's rudeness, unsafe driving, or refusal to adjust to a request, or a challenge with motor vehicle servicing", "What kind of service did the owner of the repair shop provide to the customer regarding their Audi's condition and recommended work", "What restrictions are mentioned regarding the suitability of the premises for pets and children", "What benefits are offered to members who subscribe to Rivals", "What are some areas of legal battle that Mexican Americans have engaged in according to Richard R. Valencia's book on educational equality", "What is the premise of the upcoming television series, Sons of Entitlement", "What will the tutorial on LTC4070 cover", "Parents of diabetic children forced to give up work\nHalf of primary school diabetic children\u2019s parents must sacrifice work\nTuesday, 18 May 2010\nAlmost half (46%) of primary school pupils with Type 1 diabetes report their parents have had to reduce hours or give up work to help them administer insulin injections, according to a new report from Diabetes UK.\nAround a third (29%) of their secondary school counterparts have the same experience, according to the State of diabetes care in the UK 2009 report for which 661 children and young people with Type 1 diabetes were surveyed.\nThe survey also found that 65% of the primary school pupils questioned and 87% of the secondary school pupils, thought school staff did not have enough training in diabetes.\nThere are 20,000 children under the age of 15 with Type 1 diabetes in the UK and a 2008 Diabetes UK survey of primary schools in England found 52% of schools have children with diabetes yet 70% of these schools said parents had to come in to administer insulin.\nThe charity said it was worried about how prepared schools were to help these children for whom misjudged doses of insulin injections can result in hypoglycaemic episodes (hypos) or missed injections resulting in diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA).\nDiabetes UK chief executive, Douglas Smallwood, said: \u201cIt is completely unacceptable that parents of children with", "estival execs responded to von Trier's comments by saying,\n\"Cannes provides artists with an exceptional forum to present their works and defend freedom of expression and creation. We profoundly regret that this forum has been used by Lars von Trier to express comments that are unacceptable, intolerable, and contrary to the ideals of humanity and generosity that preside over the very existence of the festival.\"\nNow, I'm hoping that if you've watched the video you'll clearly see the von Trier, was making a joke which fell completely in line with his characteristic dead pan style. It might have been out of line, but I think his demeanor revealed his words were clearly laced with humor. Further, English is not his first-language so allowing him some degree of leniency with the interpretation of his words is necessary.\nIt seems a bit ludicrous to ban him from the festival, and I sincerely hope it won't be taken into consideration when awards are handed out. But then again, I don't run the festival. They've got every right to ban the guy; I just think it's a bit of an overreaction.\nOur own Josh Brunsting questioned their consistency, wondering if they'd have banned Walt Disney or Polanski for their personal ideologies or remarks. He's got a point. What do you all think", "What are the Yogyakarta Principles and what issues do they address", "What are the two streaming platforms that Warner Bros. Discovery will merge", "Subscribe today to read the full article and get everything Rivals has to offer.\n- Member-only message boards\n- Exclusive highlights and recruiting interviews\n- Exclusive coverage of Rivals Camp Series\n- Breaking recruiting news", "national law in Yogyakarta, Indonesia in 2006.\nThey set out a legal standard for how governments and other agencies should end violence, abuse and discrimination against sexual minorities.\nThe strategy comes as a response to a session at the UN Human Rights Council last year where 54 states asked the council to act against violations of the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.\nCharlotte Bunch, executive director of the Centre for Women\u2019s Global Leadership, one of the human rights organisations that helped launch the principles, said:\n\u201cFor more than three decades, lesbians have been among the millions of women\u2019s rights activists pressing the international community to put gender equality at the human rights agenda.\n\u201cThese sweeping principles are a bold and important step forward. Addressing civil and political as well as economic, social and cultural rights, they show how sexual rights and gender equality are inextricably interwoven with the full scope of rights protections,\u201d she added.", "Nice and Big room of 19m2 with a good bed and new matras.\nThe house is shared with 4 others that live here permanently.\nFree parking on pr", "What position is Aaron Henry expected to play on the 2011 Wisconsin football team", "emises\n1 double bed\nNot suitable for pets\nNo parties or events\nNot safe or suitable for children (0-12 years)\nCheck-in is anytime after 3P", "Issue 9 of M.A.S.K. UK fortnightly comic dated 14th-27th of February, 1987.\nSure enough, we cut to Miles Mayhem flying to Archangel Naval Base in pursuit of the precious Cargo. As he comes under fire from the full might of the Russian Navy, the Dinosaur Eggs have already been loaded onto a Freight Train and on the move. His minions Dagger and Rax attack the Train...\nMatt Trakker in Thunderhawk and Miles Mayhem in Switchblade are locked in a deadly dogfight as the conclusion of \"Amazon Mystery\" starts. As Sly Rax is about to fire the Disintegrator at the City of London, Matt Drops a Magnetic Bomb and blows it up saving the day yet again!\nBrad Turner is out for a test drive on Condor but unknown to him, plans are afoot for an \"Attack on Boulder Hill\".\nBuddie has done an overhaul on Condor and as Brad takes her out he feels this is a bit of a mundane task. To liven up his test drive, he uses his Hocus Pocus Mask to project images of a racetrack to allow him to drive against some well known Bikers in a Grand Prix.\nAll of a sudden, an alarm sounds as a Fuel Tanker is on collision course with Brad! As he swerves to avoid it, he drives over a cliff - luckily his Motorcycle can convert into a helicopter! As he comes into land, he is ambushed by Sly Rax and knocked unconscious.\nThe tanker rolls up to Boulder Hill and as Buddie Hawks advises the driver he hasn't ordered a delivery of fuel, the driver turns out to be none other than Cliff Dagger - he subdues Buddie with his Torch Mask and starts pumping 500 gallons of Nitro-Glycerine into Boulder Hill's Tanks.\nAs Mayhem lands in Swtichblade, Matt and his team head out to confront him. Mayhem uses a detonator to blow up the Nitro-Glycerine and Boulder Hill with it - only to find that although stricken, Brad Turner has managed to use his Hocus Pocus Mask to create a Holographi", "owed that HBO Max and Discovery+ totaled a combined 92.1 million subscribers, up 1.7 million from 90.4 million the prior quarter.\nAT&T spun off WarnerMedia and merged it with Discovery in May 2021, with Zaslav, then the CEO of Discovery, being selected to helm the new company when the merger was completed in April.\nZaslav pledged to investors that he would cut costs and find $3 billion in savings.\nThursday's news came after the company announced earlier this week it would not release Batgirl, which was set to star Leslie Grace as the titular superhero alongside Michael Keaton reprising his role of Bruce Wayne/Batman, in theaters or on its HBO Max streaming platform.\nCopyright 2022 United Press International, Inc. (UPI). Any reproduction, republication, redistribution and/or modification of any UPI content is expressly prohibited without UPI's prior written consent., source Entertainment New", "What are the key features and specifications of the Land Rover Discovery as highlighted in the review", "c Replica of Boulder Hill.\nAfter last issues 4 page wraparound cover/centre page spread, we are back to normal service with a centre page Vehicle Spread.\nUK M.A.S.K. fans had a brief encounter with Dr Julio Lopez and Firefly in the M.A.S.K. Annual at Christmas time see my review here.\nOn this page we have the name Campion as being the Artist. The Wiki Page has more information on the artist who created this great image.\nIn part five of \"Kamikaze\", Matt Trakker and Bruce Sato are in the Hidetadi's arena fighting for their lives - and the lives of their team mates. A long battle ensues and Bruce sustains a serious injury to his leg, preventing him from continuing in the fight.\nUsing his Spectrum Mask, Matt discovers a weak point in his advisory - an artificial nerve centre at the base of his neck.\nNot only have V.E.N.O.M. attempted a coup on the front cover, they have managed to take over the letters page and MASK Art page.\nIn MASK Art, we have a collection of drawings - one in particular by Kirk Wilshaw of Birches Head of a vehicle called Vampire. It wouldn't be until the next issue I would find the link between this vehicle and the mystery man on the cover.\nIn the Conclusion of Double Trouble, Miles Mayhem is using the disguised Buddie Hawks for protection. As Mayhem orders Dagger to get their hostage into Switchblade, Brad Turner uses his Hocus Pocus Mask to create numerous images of Miles Mayhem to hide Buddie from harm.\nV.E.N.O.M. escape - but at least Buddie is unharmed.\nThis is one of the best issues to date. A lot of it is down to the tremendous cover but I think the main reason I enjoyed it so much was the introduction of some new characters - although not used in any of the stories it was great to see. Left me looking forward to the next issue!\nRemember and leave your own feedback and join my Facebook Page", "What are the benefits of ketamine infusions compared to other pain management methods", "What are some types of bathroom cabinets mentioned in the text along with their prices", "This is an original painting on a 16x20 inch birchwood panel,\ndone in acrylic paint and ink with glitter.\nThe painting is:\nWire backed a", "What was the total number of subscribers for HBO Max and Discovery+ after the most recent quarter mentioned in the text", "It looks like you're using an Ad Blocker.\nPlease white-list or disable AboveTopSecret.com in your ad-blocking tool.\nSome features of ATS will be disabled while you continue to use an ad-blocker.\nOriginally posted by Off_The_Street\n\"But then again it makes you wonder...who took the pic...if it is a secret...\"\nUhhh -- maybe because it isn't a secret?\n\"...how would they have gotten ahold of the pic, and why is it allowed to be published anywhere...plausible deniability?\"\nUhhh (at the risk of sounding repetitive) -- maybe because it isn't a secret?\nOriginally posted by Terracer Please allow me to share a short yet true story with the readers... When I first got sick I had just begun to notice all the unusual contrail formations in the skies. I have been an avaition buff all my life so I know what contrails are, and i know how they behave. Well a quick search on the internet for \"long lasting contrails\" took me to a site explaining that these were not contrails but \"chemtrails\". That very same search also took me to the official NASA site which had a section explaining contrails. As I recall it read: \"contrails are formed when the air temperature is around -30 (C)\"...\nOriginally po", "s dissertation due to the fact sensible people today could write my essay for me possibly argue from it. A lot of people might imagine that this is the place where we must always invest the nation\u2019s income. Other folks may perhaps believe that you should be spending more money in education. Many others could possibly conisder that corporations, not the federal government, should be having to pay for you to control carbon dioxide.\nTips In order to Begin Creating wealth By simply Crafting Essays Online\nMakes use of the style documents you\u2019re free to:\nSegment Mire. A conclusion along with Long run do the job. That\u2019s where people explore what you observed from a get the job done, minor strategies along with success that were certainly not principal towards your dissertation nevertheless that are of value even now, (if you were without these throughout Segment 5) along with final results. This unique chapter should really outline for you each of the critical response to the dissertation \u2014 understand that this is actually the exclusively chapter some people occasion to go through, in order that it will need to share most of the crucial results.\nCritical Contemplating, Operations, Three pages\nThey will assist you to give the work and allow complete so that you can miracle (that is round spending money on). Right now questions learn who seem to to come back just after along with supplies. They may make all of your views. That dunes your current field to keep said he was sorry, college or university essay freelancers it improves university or college essay freelancers door to actually cross over from a single saturday dissertation on-line cheap remember to an additional.\nTip: So as to create a booming thesis proclamation:\naskjeeve observe just isn\u2019t doing the job and won\u2019t demonstrate designed for looking at", "What is depicted on the plate that is being sold", "What is the author expressing amazement about in the text segment", "What phenomenon did the user notice that led them to search for information about contrails", "|Amazon Price||New from||Used from|\nFor more than 150 years, in print and now online, Merriam-Webster has been America's leading and most-trusted provider of language information. All Merriam-Webster products and services are backed by the largest team of professional dictionary editors and writers in America, and one of the largest in the world.\nMy mom has dementia and lives in an assisted living apartment. She can no longer look things up on the internet, so she asked for an atlas so that she can find places on the map... Read morePublished 6 months ago by Amazon Customer\nIt was oversold. It's not adequate enough to be an atlas for a kid's s", "What are some differing opinions people might have regarding national spending priorities on issues like education and carbon dioxide management", "What are some important lifestyle changes and considerations one should make when trying to conceive", "What incident led to Ryan Phillippe being hospitalized and needing surgical attention", "Monday 28th April 2008\nThe USD had a very solid week last week and it will be interesting to see if those gains can be held this week as markets absorb a plethora of US economic news and a Fed interest rate decision (Wednesday).\nIn early trading this morning the US currency has risen to a 2 month high against the Yen boosted by the growing view that the Fed may stop cutting rates this week. Japan begins a series of daily holidays this", "Submit your review\nRecently took a family member\u2019s Audi here for inspection and whatever tune-up and service it might need. We\u2019d previously been taking it to the dealer it came from (Mnhtn Audi or whatever it\u2019s called now) and I\u2019d had enough of feeling like an anonymous (over-paying) sucker. The service they (John, the owner I believe) recommended was in line with the car\u2019s history (ie. long time since tuneup), and he didn\u2019t try to push anything on me that I knew was not needed (ie. I knew the brakes were fine). There was an issue which he took the time to explain, drawing a picture (literally) and showing me the parts involved (and cost) on the computer and why it would take a while to do the work. But said it didn\u2019t have to be dealt with now, but I should be aware of it \u2013 which matched what my uncle, a long-time car fiddler said. Nice to not get the subtly-threatening sales push as at many other places.\nThis shop is fantastic. I brought my Nissan in because the a/c went out completely. They not only worked with my warranty company, but they were also honest and upfront with all the repairs. It is rare that you go to a repair shop and not get your typical dog and pony show.\nMy daughters BMW broke down in Manhattan on Sunday early evening. We live in Connecticut and don\u2019t know of any garages in NYC let alone one that would answer the phone on a Sunday. I found Active Auto Repair on Yelp and called.I explained the situation and they said to tell my daughter to stay with the car and they would have a tow truck there in 15 minutes.", "Tuesday as it celebrates 'Golden week'. Strange observation from French economy minister Christine Lagarde on Sunday who claimed the difference between EZ interest rates and US interest rates is too big and called for a change in rate policy on one side of the Atlantic or the other. Anyhow this recent dollar rally has given the model some further profits and with all the news and views due this week it may well be wise to lock some in.", "MADISON - There's no question Aaron Henry is going to be one of the unquestioned leaders on the 2011 Wisconsin football team. He's played virtually since his freshman year, endured a position chang...\nHenry likes UWs work ethic", "Join the UWC Hub!\nUWC Alumni and Staff: Join the online UWC community online!\nIn 2016 the UWC Hub was launched to bring alumni, staff and former staff together online. Recently a new iteration of the Hub has been launched and it's now also available as an app!\nWhat is the purpose of the UWC Hub?\nThe overall aim of the UWC Hub is to strengthen the UWC community, to encourage engagement and positive action, to increase UWC\u2019s collective impact and advance the UWC mission.\nThe UWC Hub does this in six main ways:\n- Enable users to find each other according to their location, profession and UWC affiliations.\n- Facilitate social and profes", "What is the focus of the three-part series from Al Jazeera titled 'The Creation of Israel'", "What was the festival executives' reaction to Lars von Trier's comments", "Stimulates the body without feelings of nervousness or jitteriness which will burn calories.\nMango Lean is a comprehensive weight management formula, often referred to as the \u201cnatural fat buster\u201d. It supports the body\u2019s metabolic rate and controls appetite. Mango Lean also supports and regulates LDL Cholesterol, blood glucose levels, C-reactive protein ( a measure of inflammation), to within normal limits.\nNormally one would take 2 capsules each day, 1 before dinner and 1 at bedtime.\nTHE BENEFITS OF MANGO LEAN ARE;\n-Reduction of body fat\n-regulation of body metabolism\n-helps one feel full, and thus avoid over-eating\n-acts as an anti-oxidant\n-decreases Cholesterol levels\nMango Lean is also beneficial to those concerned with potential weight gain or those wh", "Presently the clock shows Sunday, September 25, 2022 4:09:44 PM which is having an offset of about UTC/GMT +1:00:00 hour(s) with respect to Universal Coordinated Time / Greenwich Mean Time", "What are some conditions that ketamine infusions can effectively treat at Pain & Spine Physicians", "Warner Bros. Discovery announced Thursday that it will merge its HBO Max and Discovery+ platforms into a single streaming service.\nThe merger will take place in the summer of 2023, CEO David Zaslav announced during a second-quarter earnings call.\nThe media corporation did not provide further details such as what the new service will be called or subscription pricing.\nJB Perette, CEO and president of global streaming and interactive at Warner Bros. Discovery, did say the company is initially focused on ad-supported and ad-free versions of the new streaming platform but would also explore \"how to reach customers in the free, ad-supported space.\"\nIn the United States, HBO Max is currently available for $14.99 per month without ads and $9.99 a month with ads, while the ad-free version of Discovery+ costs $6.99 per month and $4.99 a month with ads.\nThe company's second-quarter earnings report sh", "amels on their way to Bethlehem.\nAnd there's fun and games!\nElves from the North Pole and South Pole will compete in a friendly rivalry while serving up a festive four-course feast!\nMaybe you will be chosen to be a part of the show...\nPlus, no holiday celebration would be complete without good \u2018ole St. Nick.\nStarting one hour before the main arena show, enjoy some of the best Christmas music and family entertainment in our Dixie Belle Saloon", "What functions does the platform provide for users in terms of networking and event discovery", "sted by Terracer ... and it also said that contrails are \"quite rare in the Southern United States\"...\nOriginally posted by Terracer OK so a few months back I am discussing this very subject with someone and I pull up the NASA site to show them what I just quoted and guess what? It's been changed.. it now speaks of a new type of aircraft emission called a \"long lasting contrail\"(!) Why'd they change it?\nOriginally posted by Terracer I KNOW they are spraying nano-aluminum, barium and strontium.. I have seen soil and water tests come back with crazy PPM's ...\nOriginally posted by Terracer I have also seen (and photographed) aircraft spewing long lingering lines of filth in the sky while a few miles away another has the (correct) instantly dissipating contrail behind it, disappearing as it flies.\nOriginally posted by Terracer I could go on and on but won't. Thanks for allowing me to share this-\nOriginally posted by AliensLoveLemons The debunkers offer pathetic scientific evidence.... come on do you really believe a con-trail stays in the air for 8 hours??\nOriginally posted by AliensLoveLemons okay...what about those massive chem-trail clouds which seem to stay in the air FOR DAYS", "rkouts for more than an hour per day can decrease fertility in some women. Most conception and pregnancy exercise recommendations include moderate exercise such as a combination of cardio, strength training, and yoga. Too much exercise can decrease estrogen and ovulatory function, making it harder to conceive and stabilize early pregnancy.\nWhile cardio is good for your heart and weight maintenance, strength training can help you through a pregnancy with less pain in your back and joints. Taking a regular yoga class can lower stress levels and help you visualize through a long labor. Other activities like walking or swimming are also good options.\n4. Avoid Drugs, Alcohol and Contact Sports\nRemember that a large amount of what you consume will affect your growing baby. Drugs and alcohol are particularly dangerous for a growing baby. That is why it\u2019s important to stop any of these habits if you are trying to conceive. Prescription drugs for pre-existing conditions will need to be cross-checked to see if they are safe for pregnancy. Other things to consider are limiting your consumption of caffeine, exposure to radiation (including x-rays), and avoiding contact sports in which your abdomen could be the target.\n5. Take Prenatal Vitamins that Contain Folic Acid, Calcium and Iron\nOne of the most important supplements in pregnancy, folic acid, should be taken one to two months before conception in order to be the most effective. A dosage of 400 mg is recommended. Calcium and iron are also essential for proper fetal growth. Take some time to research prenatal vitamins to find the one that works best for you. Some are taken once a day, while others require multiple doses. Prenatal vitamins that are free of preservatives and dyes and made from real food are most ideal. Be sure to speak with your doctor if you have any questions regarding prenatal vitamins.\n6. Tackle Your Stress\nWhile there is no perfect time to have children, choosing a time when you can be in control of your stress may help you avoid miscarriage. You need to give your body time to adjust to your new life change, so it\u2019s best to avoid trying to conceive when you are moving, starting a new job, trying to finish school, or tackling a personal health condition.\nFifteen to twenty-five percent of pregnancies will end in a miscarriage. While this statistic may cause anxiety, it is important to note that most miscarriages simply occur because the pregnancy is not normal. By being proactive about your health, you can greatly decrease the chances of experiencing a miscarriage. If you are experiencing reoccurring miscarriages, your doctor may be able to provide treatments that will increase your chances of a healthy pregnancy.", "See free standing bathroom cabinets online or in-store. 136 items All filters ENHET Hi cb w 4 shlvs/door, 30x32x180 cm $ 199 (4) More variants +7 GODMORGON High cabinet, 40x32x192 cm $ 269 (27) More variants +2 GODMORGON High cabinet, 40x32x192 cm $ 429 (8) More variants Planner Design your own bathroom Only available on desktop. Get it from Amazon for $23.99+ (available in two sizes and three styles). 3. A tiny countertop trashcan if you can't sacrifice even a foot of floor space. It's *just* big enough for cotton swabs. Here are nine inspiring ways designers and other home pros have filled the vanity void in bathrooms. Lux Design Builds 1. Seamless Built-In Storage This colorful Seattle bathroom squeezed four deep and wide drawers between its sinks.\nWhite Double Vanity With A Storage Tower In Master Bath Master. 13 Best Cabinet Between Sinks Images Bathroom Makeover. Center Tower Between Double Sinks For Extra Storage Love The Bead. Lake Norman Denver Cornelius Bath Cabinets Double Van", "What has Adrian Gonzalez done since having shoulder surgery in the off season", "What age group is the atlas intended for, according to the reviews", "er by making some snarky remarks about Jeter and the fact that he built a mansion in Florida last year, so that MUST be the reason they didn\u2019t get to the World Series\u2013hmmmmm\u2026Hiring people to build your house must really take it our of you\u2013AND the other 24 guys on the team. Here is the direct quote: \u201cIn \u201909 I saw it. Sometimes they celebrated a little too much last year. Some of the players, too busy building mansions and doing other things and not concentrating on winning. I have no problems saying that. They\u2019ve come into this spring with a new hunger and that\u2019s what it takes to win.\u2019\u2019 But now that they are the SCRAPPY team\u2013all is better! Ugh\u2026.\nFinally, from our friends at eTrue Sports: NEW YORK \u2013 FOX will soon unveil a new television series, Sons of Entitlement, starring three colorful characters who imperiously rule over iconic sports teams owned by their fathers, sources told eTrueSports.\nSet in a fictional city called New York, Sons will star the Knicks\u2019 James Dolan (Charles), the Mets\u2019 Jeff Wilpon (Fred) and the Yankees\u2019 Hank Steinbrenner (George) who, using charm, Hugo Boss suits and inherited money, will compete over eight episodes to become the first scion to run daddy\u2019s team into disrepute and/or bankruptcy. You can read all about it here\u2026\nComing up: The 1st 2 games of Spring training, the annual spanking of Boston College and Northeastern University begin at 1:05 and 6:00pm respectively\u2013pitching for those contests are Stolmy Pimentel, Michael Bowden and Jason Rice during the day and Kyle Weiland, Alex Wilson and Rich Hill taking the mound in the nightcap.\nAnd the 1st Starter of the Grapefruit league? Josh Beckett, who gets the nod in the 7:05 game on Sunday night against the Twins at Hammond Stadium. Clay Buchholz and Brandon Duckworth will follow Beckett on the mound. Then on Monday, Daisuke will pitch in the 1:05 contest at City of Palms Park, playing, you guessed it, the Twins again\u2026.\nUh\u2026.When is Jon Lester starting? Hello", "What materials and techniques were used in the painting described in the text", "What collection does Chuck Gillies' 'Jesus Collector Plates' belong to and what is its early selling price", "What is required to view the modules mentioned in the text", "What ingredients are found in Mango Lean, and how do they promote a healthy weight management", "view modules, you will need Adobe Flash Player 9, or greater, installed on your computer. Adobe Flash Player is available FREE from Adobe.\nFlash Player Support Center\nPTM Published on: 2011-05-16", "What injury does Bruce Sato sustain during the battle in part five of 'Kamikaze'", "LTC4070 - Li-Ion/Polymer Shunt Battery Charger System\nThis tutorial will discuss the key features and benefits of the series, as well as present a few typical applications.\nView Training Module\nTo", "Spanish Transaction Grievance Generate a complaint about a company that does not provide penned translation of documents for an arrangement negotiated in Spanish.\n\u201cThere\u2019s plenty of cowboy cops to choose from. I do not know when they encourage by themselves they're looking to do very good, but I feel they're carrying out more hurt than the rest,\u201d Galvin explained.\nHe recounted the episode a couple of 50 percent-hour following it ended, the corner continue to frantic scene of emergency personnel, law enforcement officers in tactical gear and caution tape. A young lady sat on the chair close by and grasped at her upper body as bystanders made available her drinking water.\n$four,000,000 Settlement for Teen Hurt in Pedestrian Accident Plaintiff was struck by an auto while a pedestrian within a pedestrian crosswalk. The Plaintiff sustained injuries to her again, both equally knees and her appropriate wrist. She underwent surgical procedure to both equally her knee... [additional]\nIf you want to establish that a property owner or possessor understood of a risky problem, it needs to be shown that:\nTo become legally responsible for the accidents an individual endured from slipping or tripping and falling on some other person's home, the operator/possessor of the shop, cafe, or other small business (or an staff of the business enterprise):\nLots of of such accessibility panels and vaults are previously considerably aged and cannot constantly cope with Considerably of the weight that could travel above them daily.\nIn New York, in which winters bring lots of snow and ice, hazards might be created in front of companies, on sidewalks and before other properties exactly where pedestrians walk.\nAs Plaintiff was climbing a ladder to consider measurements in addition to an elevato", "Project DescriptionFROM THE ARCHITECTS:\nItalian studio Pedevilla Architects designed a minimal rose-tinted structure that serves as a fire station for the town of Vierschach in South Tyrol.\n\u201cThe red color is a sign of the building\u2019s function and underscores its independence.\u201d\nBuilt at 1,130m above sea level from lightweight concrete, the design prioritizes simplicity and durability.\nInside, stone pine and native Loden were used to create a warm contrast to the concrete exterior, providing a welcoming atmosphere to the space, which doubles as a hall for local residents. According to the architects, \u201cThe project offers a clear, compact structure. The red color is a sign of the building\u2019s function and underscores its independence.\u201d\nFIRE STATION VIERSCHACH\nThe new fire station is located in the western Upper Pusteria Valley at 1130 sea level.\nThe elongated two storey building adapts to the layout of the adjacent main road and creates ample free areas: an upper gathering area, facing the hall, and a lower parking/practice area connected to the vehicle hangar. The inside-lying external staircase provides to the building of a connection with the main road and the parking area.\nOn side which faces the village are located the vehicle hall with functional and utility rooms. The hall / training room and its tea kitchen are located on the main street. The separation of the layers facilitates spatial distinction during celebrations or external use of the hall.\n(Selection of materials)\nThe red colour emphasises the originality of the new building. All surfaces of the building have been realised with pigmented concrete, so as to remark the monolithic character of the building. The thickness of the wall remains recognizable and emphasizes the massive appearance of the construction.\nThe doors and windows have been realised with powder-coated metal, whereas for the sanitary facilities stainless steel equipment has been chosen. Brown tinted windows have been also used, so as to provide further protection against intensive sunshine.\nIn order to contrast the massive concrete construction, pine timber and local Loden have been chosen to finish the \"Hall\" (\u201cSaal\u201d), which is also a meeting place for the citizens of Vierschach.\nA special feature of this project is the high quality level of the finishing of the shell construction, which minimised fi", "e house I left.\u2019  When it arrives, it finds the house swept clean and put in order.  Then it goes and takes seven other spirits more wicked than itself, and they go in and live there. And the final condition of that man is worse than the first.\u201d\nToo often we try to get rid of besetting sins or bad habits by just \u201csweeping our house clean\u201d without occupying it with Godly attributes, actions and thoughts. Some practical ways this is to be done is found in Col. 3:5-10\nPut to death, therefore, whatever belongs to your earthly nature: sexual immorality, impurity, lust, evil desires and greed, which is idolatry.  Because of these, the wrath of God is coming.  You used to walk in these ways, in the life you once lived.  But now you must rid yourselves of all such things as these: anger, rage, malice, slander, and filthy language from your lips.  Do not lie to each other, since you have taken off your old self with its practices  and have put on the new self, which is being renewed in knowledge in the image of its Creator.\n12-15 Therefore, as God\u2019s chosen people, holy and dearly loved, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience.  Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another. Forgive as the Lord forgave you.  And over all these virtues put on love, which binds them all together in perfect unity.\n Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were called to peace. And be thankful.\nA couple of days ago I was sharing Romans 12:21 with a young woman who was eager to become a Christian and who was wanting help in overcoming some destructive habits. She decided to \u201carm herself\u201d with several scriptures she would immediately turn to, with prayer, and with requests for support from a few who she might call when tempted. She decided upon several \u201ccourses of action\u201d which she could immediately turn to in order to \u201covercome evil with good\u201d. She also was thrilled with the promise of God\u2019s Spirit entering her when she was baptized. She was learning to put off\u2026and to put on. To not be overcome\u2026but to overcome.\nWhat a privilege to have an alternative to \u201cbeing overcome by evil\u201d. What trees do you need to kick today", "What does Terracer believe is being sprayed from aircraft, and how does their observation of contrails differ from what is traditionally understood", "diabetes are forced to forfeit their careers and risk financial hardship because of medical policy failings in schools.\n\u201cIt is vital pupils have the correct support to control their condition within the school setting if they are to protect their short- and long-term health.\u201d\nMr Smallwood referred to the recent death of Stockport pupil Sam Linton, who had asthma, as an example illustrating the need for the new government to address the \u201clong-standing failings\u201d in support of children with long-term medical conditions in UK schools.\n\u201cThere is currently a postcode lottery with regard to effective partnerships between schools, local authorities and primary care organisations,\u201d he said.\n\u201cThere are pockets of good practice but this must spread throughout the country to avoid children\u2019s health, quality of life and education being irreparably damaged.\u201d\nDiabetes UK said it was concerned that without a statutory duty on schools and PCTs, adequate support and full inclusion for pupils with diabetes and other long-term conditions would remain a lottery.\nThe charity called on the government to ensure children with diabetes were recognised as a vulnerable group, and that appropriate support was provided by fully trained staff so the revised Managing Medicines in Schools and Early Years Settings document should be published as soon as possible and sent to all schools.", "What steps can women take to avoid a miscarriage according to the text", "Helping Patients Manage Pain with Ketamine Infusions\nIf you are an individual who suffers from pain, you\u2019ve likely felt the frustration of being unable to find relief from your discomfort. You may have tried all the therapies, medications, and treatments, and may have found little to no results. At Pain & Spine Physicians, we understand this frustration and are here to help you find a solution to your pain. We offer many treatment options, including ketamine infusions, which have been found to effectively manage pain. It is a relatively new medical development that we believe can help many of our patients\u2019 discomfort. If you would like to learn more about this treatment option, please reach out to us today and we can discuss your needs.\nWhat is Ketamine?\nHistorically, ketamine has been used as an anesthesia medicine, used for minor surgeries and in the 1960s on the battlefields of the Vietnam War. It\u2019s also earned a bad reputation as a club drug. However, when the power of this drug is harnessed properly, it can produce extremely beneficial results for patients. Physicians across the country have begun to develop ketamine into something of a miracle when it comes to treating pain and depression. When administered correctly by a professional, ketamine can help patients better manage these conditions.\nHow Does Ketamine Work?\nKetamine is a powerful drug, flooding the brain and taking over a specific chemical receptor, known as the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA), which is part of the nervous system and modulates pain. Under the care of a doctor, this effect is a good thing because it can reduce painful sensations. Ketamine acts against this specific chemical receptor to help patients feel more relaxed and ease their discomfort. Using IV treatments, the does of ketamine can be kept low enough to relieve pain, without causing the extreme side effects that misuse can initiate.\nWhat Conditions Can Ketamine Treat?\nWhen used by a professional, ketamine has shown promise for managing pain, as well as severe depression. At Pain & Spine Specialists we are dedicated to staying up-to-date on the latest advancements in medicine, which is why we now offer ketamine infusions to help our patients control chronic pain. Doctors are only just beginning to unlock the full potential of this medication, as further tests are bein", "What percentage of primary school diabetic children's parents have reduced their work hours or given up work according to the report from Diabetes UK", "was an apprentice to Filippo Lippi This mans style formed many of Botticellis early works Botticelli also worked with painter and engraver Antonio del Pollaiuolo Botticelli had his own workshop by 1470 there he spent most of his life working for many great families in Florence at the time especially the Medici family As one of the artist in the court of Lorenzo de Medici he was immensely influenced by its Christian Neoplatonism 57 With this in mind he tried to reconcile classical and Christian views Though working for himself a lot he was also commissioned by many others He joined Perugino Ghirlandaio and Rosselli from 1481 for one year to paint frescos for the Sistine Chapel Botticelli worked with some consequential artist of the Florentine Renaissance which would shape and change his style of painting Botticellis works are seen as a landmark of high renaissance He created some of\n@Kibin is a lifesaver for my essay right now!!\n- Sandra Slivka, student @ UC Berkeley\nWow, this is the best essay help I've ever received!\n- Camvu Pham, student @ U of M\nIf I'd known about @Kibin in college, I would have gotten much more sleep\n- Jen Soust, alumni @ UCL", "The word \u201cmiscarriage\u201d can be a scary word for any woman who longs to be a mother. If you have recently been through a miscarriage or just want to learn how to avoid a miscarriage, there are certain steps you can take to ensure you are providing the best self-care to help welcome a healthy baby.\n1. Talk with Your Doctor\nIt is important to talk to your health care provider when you decide you are ready to have children. Your doctor can help you proactively prepare your body physically for pregnancy. For instance, taking expert-recommended supplements will provide health benefits for you and your baby even before conception occurs.\nIf you have suffered a miscarriage, your doctor should be able to analyze why it happened and if possible, help you prevent a future one. They may share information on lifestyle changes or how to treat any underlying conditions you may have that could interfere with a healthy pregnancy.\n2. Maintain a Healthy Lifestyle\nWhen you first get \u201cbaby fever,\u201d you should consider making changes to your everyday lifestyle. A clean diet with a generous amount of whole foods, such as fruits and vegetables, is a good start. Eating foods rich in antioxidants can help deactivate free radicals in your body that contribute to subpar sperm and egg quality. Whereas, you should try to avoid unhealthy trans fats that are found in fried and processed foods. You may also want to cut down on refined carbs like sugary drinks, pasta, and rice that can spike blood sugar and cause insulin level imbalances. Some women have even found that swapping meat for other protein sources such as beans, seeds or nuts can improve fertility.\nAnother vital consideration is to ensure your immunizations are up-to-date. Any disease you develop during pregnancy could possibly cause a miscarriage. Infectious diseases like MMR (measles-mumps-rubella) can\u2019t be vaccinated for once you are pregnant, so it\u2019s vital to consult your medical records before trying to conceive. During pregnancy, you should consider getting the Tdap (whooping cough) and flu vaccine for added protection for you and your growing baby.\nIf you struggle with diabetes or high blood pressure, you should ask your doctor about medications for these pre-existing conditions that are safe to take during pregnancy (the same goes for any medications you currently take). While some women who suffer from these conditions can discontinue medication by losing weight or maintaining a healthy diet, others will need to continue them due to family history. In either case, talk to your doctor about your options so you can reduce the chances of an early miscarriage or birth defects.\n3. Find Physical Activities You Enjoy\nParticipating in intense wo", "What advice did the author's mother give her for handling frustration", "wait for the combined shipping invoice if you order more than one plate.. You can save $$ and I save time if you order more than one plate. Items will ship USPS priority mail.\nThis particular plate shows the setting sun in the western sky and Jesus is shown kneeling in prayer.The animals approach Him as He prays.\nCOA is included . Plate is in excellent condition. Please browse our other collectors plates. Thank you for shopping Lemon Tree Treasures", "What ways does the UWC Hub aim to strengthen the UWC community", "What comments did Lars von Trier make at the Cannes Film Festival that led to him being banned from the event", "What is the focus of VERGE Salons and what larger event series do they belong to", "Who is the artist famous for the painting 'Allegory of Spring'", "sional connections, including mentoring.\n- Act as a \u2018one stop shop\u2019 where users can find and post events, volunteer and job opportunities and initiatives, bringing in and linking out to existing channels, including social media.\n- Enable you to discover what\u2019s new with your UWC school/college and your national committee, including upcoming events and opportunities for engagement.\n- Facilitate collaborations on projects and causes, through providing a space and allowing users to indicate their skills and seek or offer help.\n- Serve as a safe space for discussions with others, which can either be private or open to the wider community", "The tow showed up right away. The next day they called with the analysis and price. I checked it with my local repair guy and he said it was very fair for the parts and labor.They had the car ready the next day. When I picked it up they were very professional. They had all of the paper work ready and explained the warrantee. The car has been running perfectly since they fixed it.These guys are heroes in my book. They saved the day for me and my daughter. They did what they said they would do and they did it very well. I highly recommend them.\nA year ago, my car stalled going into the city during rush-hour on the GWB at 7:30 in the morning. After getting towed to Manhattan BMW and them kidnapping my car for 3 days, only to slap me with a bill for $1200, plus 160 for a diagnostic (I knew what it was, it was the alternator), I threatened them with everything I could think of to roll my car out into the street and let me find another mechanic.I looked manically online for someone who could do the work on an older bmw and had the part, started calling, and sure enough Active Auto Repair had the part, and instead of days, said they could take it at 10, and to go see a movie and by the time it was over, they\u2019d have the car taken care of.I also had a worn out belt they noticed and replaced. I expected to pay for it but they said it was easy to do with the alternator out and that it was no trouble. I couldn\u2019t recommend them with more passion and fervor. If you\u2019re in town and need a good mechanic\u2019s shop, they\u2019re the place to go. HANDS DOWN", "nd ready to hang\nOne of five paintings from my latest Color X-Ray series!\nI can't wait for him to find his forever home with one of you.", "What date and time does the clock currently show along with its offset from Universal Coordinated Time", "What is the size of the room and how many other people share the house", "ity. Single Vanity Tower Cabinet On Single Sink Counter Bathroom.\nllewellin setter for sale\nfear of making mistakes psychology\nOften overlooked as modern storage solutions, medicine cabinets can be a great addition to your space. Most models feature plenty of storage inside and a mirror on the outside, so they can blend seamlessly into your bathroom when placed above the sink. Some also include fog-free glass that won't steam up when you're taking a hot bath or shower.\n100 Bathroom Counter Storage Tower Best 25 Narrow Bathroom. 35 47 Floating Bathroom Vanity With Top Wall Mounted Vanity. Traditional Chic Traditional Bathroom Minneapolis By. Pros And Cons Of Double Sink Vs Single Sink Vanities Luxury. 5 Online Sources For Bathroom Vanities Reviews And Tips. From A Floating Vanity To A Vessel Sink Vanity Your.\nMatching baskets under the sink hold extra rolls of toilet paper as well as washcloths and hand towels. Using the baskets can help these everyday items look cute and.\ngirl duos on tv", "What are the main materials used in the construction of the fire station designed by Pedevilla Architects", "Human rights groups have launched a groundbreaking set of principles on sexual orientation and international law in a bid combat gender inequality and promote human rights across the globe.\nThe Yogyakarta Principles, named after the city whey they were adopted, were launched today by 29 international human rights experts at a UN Human Rights Council session in Geneva.\nThey address issues such as rape and gender-based violence, extrajudicial executions, torture and medical abuses, repressions of free speech and discrimination in the public services.\nScott Long, director of the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Rights Programme at Human Rights Watch welcomed the strategy:\n\u201cThese principles establish basic standards for how governments should treat people whose rights are too often denied and whose dignity is too often reviled,\u201d he said.\n\u201cFirmly grounded in law and precedent, they enshrine a simple idea: human rights do not admit exceptions.\u201d\nThe principles were adopted by a meeting of experts in inter", "What properties make the lightweight concrete used in the outer shell construction efficient in terms of thermal insulation and structural integrity", "How did Botticelli's apprenticeship and collaborations influence his art style", "What positive experience did the author have with Active Auto Repair after their issue with Manhattan BMW", "What is a reason for the request of an atlas mentioned in the text", "nishing works necessary to complete the construction. Since the shell construction is almost coincident with the fitout, the achieved architecture evokes the origins of buildings made with stone.\nIrregularities and grain confer charm to the material. The outer surfaces were rendered water-repellent and slightly regrinded.\nLightweight concrete was used material for the realisation of the outer shell construction. By adding lighter artificial lightweight aggregates (expanded clay) in compliance with DIN EN 13055 and General Building Inspectorate License, concrete achieved high thermal insulation properties, in such a way that further insulation work was not necessary.\nBesides the structural and insulation technical function, red-coloured very dense lightweight concrete carries out the function of fair-faced concrete of the frost-proof facade. The requirements for the concrete were: strength class LC16 / 18, dry bulk density \u03c1 \u2264 1250 kg / m\u00b3, design thermal conductivity lR \u2264 0.4 W / mK. The fire-resistant building materials are classified in the most demanding fire class A1 according to DIN 4102. With regard to the required energy efficiency of buildings, a 60 cm thick reinforced lightweight concrete had to be adopted for the building envelope. The spans of the girders are up to 27.0 m long. The diverse and simultaneous high demands on the lightweight concrete made required suitability tests and a complete quality control. For hardened concrete elements the bulk density, strength and thermal conductivity were tested. It is expected that the thermal conductivity in 2-3 years will decrease and reach the 50% of the value of the 28-day lightweight concrete.\nThe simple shape of the building and the use of few materials ensured an economic and thus sustainable construction. In particular attention was paid to the attainment of a robust and simple construction. The high heat capacity of the heat storage capacity of the insulating concrete renders the entire monolithic building as a \u201cheat accumulator\u201d, thus reducing energy costs to a minimum. The choice of material ensures a long service life and low maintenance costs.\nBy means of the diverse heating systems and of the controlled ventilation and exhaust facilities in certain area different uses of space (locker rooms 17 \u00b0 C, 10 \u00b0 C Outbuildings, Fahrzeughalle 5 \u00b0 C) has been achieved.", "o are having difficulty maintaining a low-fat diet.\nMANGO LEAN CONTAINS THE FOLLOWING INGREDIENTS:\nMango Seed Extract. This supports and promotes healthy metabolism LDL cholesterol and blood glucose levels and supports sensitivity to leptin, the hormone that influences the body to feel full.\nRaspberry Ketones. This is comprised of ketones that are thermogenic and support the metabolism of stored fat.\nGreen Coffee Bean Extract. This acts as an antioxidant and is rich in chlorogenic acid, which can support the body\u2019s ability to inhibit the accumulation of fat.\nGreen Tea. Green Tea supports appetite suppression, fat excretion and inhibition of intestinal lipases.\nWarning: If pregnant or nursing, consult your healthcare practitioner before taking this product.", "VERGE Salon New York: Next-Gen Buildings and Cities\nVERGE Salons are high-energy events focusing on unlocking the business opportunities at the convergence of technology and sustainability. They are part of VERGE, a global event series that explores how technologies and systems accelerate sustainability solutions in a climate-constrained world.\nOn September 16, VERGE", "What are some key features included in the HSE Luxury trim of the Land Rover Discovery", "What are the main benefits of Mango Lean for weight management", "What are some features of medicine cabinets mentioned in the text", "Neufchatel-Hardelot city in France. Geo-Coordinates\nNeufchatel-Hardelot are around 50\u00b0 37' North Latitude and 1\u00b0 38' East Longitude.\nThe city is one of the city in Hauts-de-France region.", "What is the complaint mentioned regarding a company that affects Spanish arrangements", "PIGEON FORGE, Tenn (WVLT) -- Christmas at Dixie includes snow falling softly as scenes fill you with tidings of good cheer.\nThe Dixie Stampede arena is magically transformed into a true fantasy land complete with twinkling lights, evergreens, poinsettias, old-fashioned holiday costumes and familiar holiday music.\nA live nativity scene depicts the true meaning of Christmas and comes alive right before your very eyes as three kings ride atop c", "What is the main focus of the Salon New York event regarding the future of cities and buildings", "scroll to top\nStuck on your essay?\nGet ideas from this essay and see how your work stacks up\nWord Count: 1,984\nThe renaissance was a time of wonderful art though one artist in particular stood out that was Sandro Botticelli This man created some of the most renowned pieces of art in European history one great painting was Allegory of Spring This mythological artwork was an amazing change from the normalcy of past times Botticellis Allegory of Spring painted in 1482 is one of the most remarkable and astounding pieces of renaissance art with the wondrous symbols style story of the piece and also the intriguing history of Botticelli himselfBotticelli is considered one of the greatest artists of the Renaissance one of his finest works was Allegory of Spring Botticelli originally named Alessandro di Mariano Filiapepi was born in Florence Italy in 1445 He was nicknamed Botticelli meaning little barrel this name was originally bestowed upon his older brother but for some reason passed on to and adopted by his little brother 468 He was first an apprentice to a goldsmith though at about age thirteen or fourteen he stopped training and traded to painting He", "Chuck Gillies-Jesus Collector Plates-Garden of the Lord\n$14.00 plus shipping\n\"Ask in Prayer\". This is the Garden of the Lord Collection, inspirational depictions of the Lord Jesus in gardens of beauty and earthly serenity. Crafted in fine china under the hallmark of W. S. George. The artist is Chuck Gillies.\nWe have several plates listed for sale, all in the same collection. We will combine shipping, calculated by weight. Please select items, then", "What are the research topics and focuses of the VUW matroid theory research group as mentioned in the text", "g done to determine the best methods to use it in treating depression and other mental illnesses.\nManage Pain with Ketamine Infusions\nEven though ketamine is newer to the medical scene as a tool for acute pain management, infusions of the drug are proving to be useful. In addition to reducing pain, ketamine infusions can also help other sedatives work more efficiently. Our team only offers opioids as a last resort for managing pain, mainly due to the risk of addiction, and ketamine provides an alternative to opioids. While in our care, our physicians will carefully manage your ketamine dosage, administering the precise amount needed to relieve pain from an injury, surgery, or other ailment. In some patients a series of treatments is the best option, and we will work with you to determine the number of treatments you need. While some patients see dramatic results in one treatment, others may not see results until the days following their final infusion.\nBenefits of Ketamine Infusions\nKetamine infusion therapy has shown to have many benefits over other pain medications, helping those who suffer from pain effectively manage their discomfort. Our pain physicians have seen first-hand the results these infusions can produce, which is why we are using them to help our patients. When compared to other forms of pain management, ketamine infusions offer the following benefits:\n- Non-Addictive: Infusion therapy is non-addictive, making it a better alternative to highly-addictive opioids and other pain medications.\n- Supplements Other Medications: Ketamine infusions can be used with other medications and have even helped lower the needed dosage of more addicting medications.\n- Effective Results: Ketamine has shown to produce effective results even in those patients for which other pain medications do not work.\nCall Us to Schedule a Consultation\nIf you suffer from frequent pain, ketamine infusions may be the right option for you. Please reach out to the team at Pain & Spine Physicians if you feel you would make a good candidate for this treatment. We have clinics in Flower Mound, Frisco, Southlake, Dallas/Richardson, and McKinney, helping patients throughout the DFW Metroplex effectively manage their pain. Call us to schedule a consultation, and we can discuss your current symptoms and your options to relieve them", "Monday, May 5, 2008\nThe Creation of Israel\nA three-part series from Al Jazeera examining the origins, violent creation, and modern-day reality of the state of Israel, told through the stories of individual Israelis.\nEconomics, global develo", "What deceptive tactic does Brad Turner use to avoid a disastrous situation involving a Fuel Tanker", "sconsin\nChicano Students and the Courts: the Mexican American Legal Struggle for Educational Equality by Richard R. Valencia\nChicano Students and the Courtsengages the many areas that have spurred Mexican Americans to legal battle, including school segregation, financing, special education, bilingual education, school closures, undocumented students, higher education financing, and high-stakes testing, ultimately situating these legal efforts in the broader scope of the Mexican American community\u2019s overall struggle for the right to an equal education. Extensively researched, and written by an author with firsthand experience in the courtroom as an expert witness in Mexican American education cases, this volume is the first to provide an in-depth understanding of the intersection of litigation and education vis-\u00e0-vis Mexican Americans.\n|Brown v. Board of Education by Diane Telgen\nDetroit, MI: Omnigraphics, c2005\nKF4155 .T45 2005 Balcony\nIn 1954 the US Supreme Court declared that in the field of public education the doctrine of \"separate but equal\" has no place. In the following years, whites rioted, barred schoolhouse doors and sent in armed troops to prevent desegregation in schools, but people of color, armed with no more than their courage, kept coming to learn. Telgen provides a full narrative of the events leading from slavery to segregation, the organizations that sought parity in education, the road to the Supreme Court, the crises that resulted, and the legacy of the 1954 decision. She includes biographies of notable actors and a fascinating collection of primary sources, including personal histories, editorials, and the text of the decision, as well as a number of period illustrations and photographs.\nBrown v. Board of Education at Fifty: A Rhetorical Perspective, edited by Clarke Rountree\n|Horace T. Ward: Desegration of the University of Georgia, Civil Rights Advocacy, and Jurisprudence by Maurice C. Daniels\nAtlanta, GA: Clark Atlanta University Press, 2001\nKF8745.W29 D36 2001 Balcony\nHorace T. Ward was the first African American to sue for admission to an all-white college or university in Georgia. His protracted lawsuit for admission to the University of Georgia School of Law, though unsuccessful, played a pivotal role in the desegregation of higher education in Georgia a decade later. Ward went on to a distinguished and precedent-setting career as a civil rights litigator, state senator, and ultimately state superior court and federal court judge -- the first appointment of an African American to these judicial positions.\n|Affirmative Action and Minority Enrollments in Medical and Law Schools by Susan Welch and John Gruhl\nAnn Arbor: University of Michigan Press, c1998\nKF 4155 .W45 1998 Balcony\nAffirmative action is one of the central issues of American politics today, and admission to colleges and universities has been at the center of the debate. While this issue has been discussed for years, there is very little real data on the impact of affirmative action programs on admissions to institutions of higher learning. Susan Welch and John Gruhl in this groundbreaking study look at the impact on admissions of policies developed in the wake of the United States Supreme Court's landmark 1978 Bakke decision. InBakke, the Court legitimized the use of race as one of several factors that could be considered in admissions decisions, while forbidding the use of quotas. Opponents of affirmative action claim that because of the Bakke decision thousands of less-qualified minorities have been granted admission in preference to more qualified white students; proponents claim that without the affirmative action policies articulated inBakke, minorities would not have made the gains they have made in higher education.\nBased on a survey of admissions officers for law and medical schools and national enrollment data, the authors give us the first analysis of the real impact of the Bakke decision and affirmative action programs on enrollments in medical and law schools. Admission to medical schools and law schools is much sought after and is highly competitive. In examining admissions patterns to these schools the authors are able to identify the effects of affirmative action programs and the Bakke decision in what may be the most challenging case.\nThis book will appeal to scholars of race and gender in political science, sociology and education as well as those interested in the study of affirmative action policies.\n|Race, Civil Rights, and the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Judicial Circuit by John M. Spivack\nNew York: Garland Pub., 1990\nKF8752 5th .S65 1991 Balcony\n|\"There is No Liberty-- \": A Report on Congressional Efforts to Curb the Federal Courts and to Undermine the Brown Decision by Nikki Heidepriem\nWashington, D.C. : Citizens Commission on Civil Rights, \nKF4155 .H43 1982 Balcony", "What factors contributed to the USD reaching a 2 month high against the Yen in April 2008", "Salon New York: Next-Gen Buildings and Cities will convene a group of 150 government officials, corporate executives, real estate portfolio owners, facilities managers and others to discuss trends and technologies enabling the next generation of solutions that are making cities and buildings more sustainable, prosperous and resilient. Learn more:http://grn.bz/VSALONNY", "What new policies does Mr. Smallwood advocate for to improve support for students with long-term medical conditions like diabetes and asthma in UK schools", "Can Cannes ban Lars von Trier from the festival? Yes, yes they Cannes.\nLars von Trier hasn't ever been a subtle filmmaker. Everywhere he goes he makes waves, but usually it's with his films, not his personal behavior. His latest film, MELANCHOLIA, premiered at the Cannes Film Festival yesterday to fawning reviews. Our own Chase Whale called it \"a powerful piece of beautiful and haunting cinema.\"\nHowever, at a Q&A panel following the film, von Trier made some comments that made the audience, his fellow panelists, and the Cannes executives feel a little uneasy. Uneasy enough to get him kicked out of the festival.\nVon Trier was quoted as saying: \"I understand Hitler\u2026I sympathize with him a bit...Now how can I get out of this sentence? Ok. I\u2019m a Nazi.\u201d He went on to clarify,\" I don\u2019t mean I\u2019m in favor of World War II and I\u2019m not against Jews, not even Susanne Bier\u201d before digging himself deeper, \u201cIn fact I\u2019m very much in favor of them. All Jews. Well, Israel is a pain in the ass but\u2026\u201d\nI've done my best to not take his comments out of context. For further insurance, check out the video below.\nIn response, the Cannes Festival directors have issued a PNG for Lars von Trier. A PNG stands for persona non grata which basically translates to, \"You're not welcome here.\" The F", "What services do the specialized dissertation writers provide to students according to the text", "pment,current affairs, globalization, culture and more rants on the dismal science, and the society. \"As usual, it's like being a kid in a candy store. I'm awed by the volume of high-quality daily links in general. Thanks!\" - Chris Blattman", "1. Notice getter : Include things like stat about how precisely considerably foods someone eats for their lifetime\nConstantly variable incentives along with lower price scheme. Find uncover more over it from Customer service\nSome. Explain the action of each and every terms or phrase in the action-word.\nWe provide you with $25 credit in the primary treatment.It is possible to use it for an upcoming program.\nYou continue to aren\u2019t required to pay at this moment.\nYour order will probably be finished with accurate and uttermost care and attention. The training programme you get from you might be perfectly researched and will have the many info that\u2019s needed is. Our own article writer will observe your information although creating. Sequence training programme on the web on our site, and you will find the documents you need.\nWe could execute formatting and even revising for everyone: supply everyone an individual\u2019s dissertation, and that we soy wax the item properly. The fact is, this sort of Produce A Article Services is designed for absolutely everyone, for the reason that it\u2019s impossible to find just about all typos, spelling or simply punctuation flaws, virtually all layout cons. All at once, most of these issues are really notable, and effect products you can your task seldom.\nA new dissertation might take weeks associated with committed operate in order to have a very thorough as well as understandale conclusion. All students struggle with just how long it must have to obtain extraordinary means and invest of your information with each other from a high-quality dissertation. The qualified dissertation writers are capable of construct a dissertation of the most useful and on period. You will receive the actual end product about the deadline you designate.\nIt becomes an example of some sort of dubiou", "dy of what formal languages are capable of expressing), and algebraic number theory.\nResearch Groups: The VUW matroid theory research group.\nResearch Grants: Marsden Fast-Start Grant (2009), Rutherford Discovery Fellowship (2014)\nSupervision interest: Matroid theory, combinatorics\nI am happy to be approached by potential students.\nCurrent Master and PhD Students:\nWill Critchlow, PhD \u2013 Models of random matroids\nKadin Prideaux, MSc \u2013 Families of cyclic flats of matroids\nPast Master and PhD Students:\nMichael Welsh, MSc, 2011 \u2013 Golden-mean and secret sharing matroids\nAmanda Cameron, MSc, 2013 \u2013 Kinser inequalities and related matroids\nMichael Snook, PhD, 2013 \u2013 Matroids, complexity, and computation\nMichael Welsh, PhD, 2014 \u2013 On maximum-sized golden-mean matroids\nList of selected Publications:\nPlease see website", "What themes and debates are explored in Tomiko Brown-Nagin's book 'Courage to Dissent' about the Civil Rights movement in Atlanta", "In which region of France is Neufchatel-Hardelot located", "What does the text suggest as an alternative to simply getting rid of bad habits without occupying them with Godly attributes", "Dr Dillon Mayhew\nSchool of Mathematics and Statistics\nPhone: 04 463 5155\nLocation: Room 435, Cotton Building, Gate 7 Kelburn Pde, Kelburn Campus\nQualifications: BMus (VUW), BA (Cantab.), BAHons (VUW), MA (VUW), DPhil (Oxon.)\nCurrent Fellows: Rutherford Discovery Fellowship\nAbout me: I studied music and mathematics alongside each other when I was a student. Mathematics won out eventually, but I still play music with orchestras around New Zealand.\nResearch Interest: My research is concentrated in matroid theory, which is type of abstract geometry. Over the years, I have enjoyed learning more about other fields of mathematics, including computability theory (the study of what computers are capable of doing), complexity theory (the study of what computers are capable of doing efficiently), model theory (the stu", "What are the main research interests of Dr. Dillon Mayhew", "ont fog lights\n- Front and rear parking sensors\n- Automatic lights and wipers\n- LED headlights\n- Dual-zone climate control\n- Front passenger Isofix\n- Power folding mirrors\nHSE (in addition to SE)\n- 20\u201d alloys\n- 10.0\u201d touchscreen\n- Keyless entry\n- Panoramic roof\n- Power-fold third row of seats\n- Six USB sockets\n- Memory front seats\n- Rear camera\n- Blind-spot warning and reverse traffic assist\n- Heated rear seats\n- High beam assist\nHSE Luxury (in addition to HSE)\n- 21\u201d alloy wheels\n- Electric sunroof\n- Cooled front seats\n- Four-zone climate control\n- Surround camera\n- Heated steering wheel\nHow to spec the Land Rover Discovery\nThe SE trim gives everything that drivers would need, though the \u00a37,500 jump to HSE brings a raft of extra very attractive toys if it can be afforded. There\u2019s a surprisingly small gap of \u00a31,300 between the 2.0 and 3.0 diesel engines, but the efficiency difference means the smaller one is perfect for most drivers, unless the Discovery is going to be used for towing, where the extra grunt is welcome. Speaking of towing, a detachable towbar is a \u00a3700 option, rising to \u00a3985 for the electrically deployable one. Other key options include \u00a3195 for a heated steering wheel, \u00a3315 for black or silver roof rails and \u00a3390 for rear privacy glass.\nLand Rover Discovery interior \u2013 what\u2019s it like?\nLand Rover has done a typically great job on an interior that is classy, comfortable and high-quality. The upgraded infotainment system is a step up from the old one and offers increased connectivity. There is enough space to carry seven adults, with all getting a decent view ahead thanks to the Discovery\u2019s so-called stadium seating with each row higher than the one in front. The boot takes a whopping 1,137 litres of luggage with the third row folded and, on the higher two trim levels, the five rearmost seats can be raised or lowered using an app on the owner\u2019s smartphone.\nLand Rover Discovery alternatives\nOther models to consider include the Audi Q7, BMW X5, Mercedes GLS and Volvo XC90.\nA great reinvigoration of the Discovery, this new model is stylish, much better to drive and takes a big step forwards in terms of technical advancement and equipment. Practical and clever enough to carry seven adults into the back of beyond, it\u2019s a fantastic all-rounder.", "chool atlas. It's more of a coffee table or bathroom book.Published 9 months ago by Straightshooterron\nThis is a wonderful tool for middle age children and above. Very informative!Published 9 months ago by KP\nGot here way before they said it would, just as the described the book as well.Published 10 months ago by Amazon Customer\nWe bought this for my 1st grade son after he borrowed a student atlas from the school library over Christmas break. Read morePublished 17 months ago by kmw\nGreat Atlas. I use this for homeschool. You can't beat the price. Great maps, great detail and pretty compact. I love it!Published 19 months ago by homeschoolmom200", "The Alexander Campbell King Law Library presents this special edition of a selective featured acquisitions list in support of the 50th Anniversary of Desegregation at UGA.\n|Courage to Dissent: Atlanta and the Long History of the Civil Rights Movement by Tomiko Brown-Nagin\nOxford; New York: Oxford University Press, 2011\nKF4757 .B76 2011 Balcony\nThe Civil Rights movement that emerged in the United States after World War II was a reaction against centuries of racial discrimination. In this sweeping history of the Civil Rights movement in Atlanta--the South's largest and most economically important city--from the 1940s through 1980, Tomiko Brown-Nagin shows that the movement featured a vast array of activists and many sophisticated approaches to activism. Long before \"black power\" emerged and gave black dissent from the mainstream civil rights agenda a new name, African Americans in Atlanta debated the meaning of equality and the steps necessary to obtain social and economic justice.\nThis groundbreaking book uncovers the activism of visionaries-both well-known legal figures and unsung citizens-from across the ideological spectrum who sought something different from, or more complicated than, \"integration.\" Local activists often played leading roles in carrying out the integrationist agenda of the NAACP, but some also pursued goals that differed markedly from those of the venerable civil rights organization. Brown-Nagin discusses debates over politics, housing, public accommodations, and schools. She documents how the bruising battle over school desegregation in the 1970s, which featured opposing camps of African Americans, had its roots in the years beforeBrown v. Board of Education.\nExploring the complex interplay between the local and national, between lawyers and communities, between elites and grassroots, and between middle-class and working-class African Americans, Courage to Dissent tells gripping stories about the long struggle for equality that speak to the nation's current urban crisis. This remarkable book will transform our understanding of the Civil Rights era.\nRemembering Brown at Fifty: The University of Illinois Commemorates Brown v. Board of Education, edited by Orville Vernon Burton and David O'Brien\nHigher Education and the Civil Rights Movement: White Supremacy, Black Southerners, and College Campuses edited by Peter Wallenstein\nGainesville: University Press of Florida, c2008\nLC214.22.S68 H54 2008 Basement\nThe story of desegregation of American universities has been sorely neglected, out of those institutions' shame, no doubt, and the desire to sweep an ugly past under the rug. This collection of 7 essays begins to correct that lack with two case studies of the struggles of five individual students and essays on larger issues such as the admission of Black women and the desegregation of football teams. Wallenstein, who wrote a book on the desegregation of Virginia Polytechnic Institute (where he teaches history), contributes an introduction, an essay on the desegregation of institutions of higher education in the South, and an afterword addressing what still needs to be achieved. The result is a compelling read and much needed addition to the literature on the Civil Rights movement. The volume contains many b&w photographs and a number of useful appendices, mainly of related legal documents.\nRace and Education, 1954-2007 by Raymond Wolters\nRetracing the history of desegregation and integration in America's schools, Wolters distinguishes between several Court decisions, explaining that whileBrowncalled for desegregation by requiring that schools deal with students on a racially nondiscriminatory basis, subsequent decisions-Green, Swann, Keyes-required actual integration through racial balancing. He places these decisions in the context of educational reform in the 1950s that sought to encourage bright students through advanced placement and honors courses-courses in which African American and Hispanic students were less likely to be enrolled. Then with the racial unrest of the 1960s, the pursuit of academic excellence yielded to concerns for uplifting disadvantaged youths and ensuring the predominance of middle-class peer groups in schools.\n|With All Deliberate Speed: Implementing Brown v. Board of Education, edited by Brian J. Daugherity and Charles C. Bolton\nFayetteville: University of Arkansas Press, 2008\nKF4155 .W58 2008 Balcony\nThe 1954 US Supreme Court decision declared racially segregated schools unconstitutional, and sparked two and sometimes three decades of civil rights struggle and often violent resistance. Here scholars of history and education detail how the law was implemented in selected state school systems. The case studies include the cost of opportunity in North Carolina, the last holdout in Mississippi, borderland complexity in Indiana, and magnet schools in Wi", "When, as a young girl I got mad, frustrated or began whining my mother gave me words of wisdom. At the time, I didn\u2019t know they were words of wisdom. I just thought her words of instruction were normal protocol. Her instruction was this. \u201cGo outside, run around the house six times and kick some trees.\u201d So, I would go outside, count as I ran around the house and begin to kick one of the big pine trees in our backyard. I always felt better.\nI thought about this several times this week. One of my most oft-used and very helpful scriptures is short, but profound. It is found in Romans 12:21 \u2013\nDo not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.\nThis is what my mother was training me to do. To replace what was bad with something good. (Exercise and getting rid of frustration was good\u2026.and no trees were harmed in this process.)\nWhat an important scripture to practice. I find that I can only find success in overcoming sin, temptations or even annoying habits by applying this verse. It\u2019s sort of like this:\nImagine if I decided that I ate too much chocolate (is that possible?) and that I would quit having chocolate as one of my staple food groups. So, I would then think about how I would avoid all Lindt dark chocolate bars with a sprinkling of chili in them. By no means would I indulge in a molten chocolate cake, warm from the oven with melted Ghirardelli chocolate oozing out of the center \u2013 and smothered in ice cream. And whenever I went through a \u201cWendy\u2019s\u201d drive-through I\u2019d request a vanilla frosty (aren\u2019t \u201cfrosty\u201d and \u201cchocolate\u201d synonymous?) so I wouldn\u2019t have to take slow tastes of the creamy chocolate custard that coats my throat in an oh-so palatable way. Needless to say, this is not a smart way to get chocolate out of my life. Even as I type this while in a neighborhood coffee shop, I am now tempted to check out the chocolate goodies staring at me under the glass. You see, God knows that the way to overcome something is to replace it with something else. What I need to do is to take a walk or eat an apple.\nJesus taught this truth with a parable: Luke 11:24-26\n\u201cWhen an evil spirit comes out of a man, it goes through arid places seeking rest and does not find it. Then it says, \u2018I will return to th", "What did French economy minister Christine Lagarde say about the difference between EZ interest rates and US interest rates", "What kind of activities and events can one expect while traveling to Bethlehem", "Valuable information, tools and advice for you to view and download.\nPrevent JS Alert\nLAND ROVER Discovery\nLand Rover Discovery Review\n- Plush interior\n- Improved on-road experience\n- Brilliant off-road\n- High levels of practicality\nArval\u2019s pick of the range:\nLand Rover Discovery 2.0 SD4 240hp SE\nLand Rover Discovery - Overview\nThe Land Rover Discovery is the big, practical and classy seven-seat off-roader that tops the Land Rover line-up. Sitting above the Discovery Sport, the new Discovery is a big step up in styling terms, with the more rounded family look replacing the squarer previous design, and it\u2019s a perfect combination of family workhorse and luxury transport.\nWhat is the Land Rover Discovery like to drive?\nLand Rover has used lightweight aluminium materials to shave off a huge 480kg compared to the previous car and it has made for a much more nimble car. It\u2019s still a big, tall off-roader, but doesn\u2019t feel unwieldy, and is more fun to drive than a big seven-seat SUV. It\u2019s certainly a noticeable step up from the last car. Refinement and ride quality are what you\u2019d expect from a luxury model, offering a smooth and relaxed experience, and the steering is well-weighted. The eight-speed automatic transmission, that\u2019s standard across the range, shifts smoothly. The Discovery is very much a true Land Rover in terms of its off-road abilities, employing a variety of clever technology to comfortably get further into the wilderness than drivers of an expensive luxury vehicle are ever likely to want to go.\nWhat engines and gearboxes are available?\n- 3.0 340hp 254g/km CO2 (37% BIK), 26.0mpg\n- 2.0 240hp, 171g/km CO2 (36% BIK), 43.5mpg\n- 3.0 258hp, 189g/km CO2 (37% BIK), 39.2mpg\n- 8-speed automatic\nLand Rover Discovery trim levels explained\nLand Rover has four trim levels with the Discovery, with just the entry S specification only available with the 2.0-litre diesel engine. All other trims can be had with any of the three engine alternatives.\n- Air conditioning\n- 19\u201d alloy wheels\n- Third row of seats\n- Lane departure warning\n- Air conditioning\n- Cruise control\n- 3 USB sockets\n- 8.0\u201d touchscreen\n- Five Isofix points\n- Powered tailgate\n- Five-mode terrain response system\nSE (in addition to S)\n- Satellite navigation\n- Heated leather electric front seats\n- Fr", "What type of environment does the Dixie Stampede arena create for Christmas at Dixie"]}