{"q_indices": [20, 67, 26, 73, 125, 65, 5, 62, 27, 50, 108, 1, 22, 3, 48, 72, 47, 86, 69, 74, 112, 98, 49, 33, 126, 115, 104, 7, 105, 8, 57, 36, 19, 82, 54, 60, 94, 23, 92, 56, 109, 64, 123, 16, 39, 38, 99, 4, 110, 102, 44, 87, 14, 111, 118, 52, 77, 11, 53, 2, 28, 113, 24, 25], "a_indices": [10, 29, 127, 18, 103, 97, 46, 71, 63, 78, 106, 43, 83, 12, 21, 80, 70, 35, 85, 15, 120, 100, 42, 66, 124, 101, 79, 90, 37, 51, 117, 55, 41, 119, 91, 93, 30, 84, 17, 9, 45, 0, 13, 75, 61, 122, 68, 95, 6, 89, 59, 34, 40, 58, 121, 76, 114, 31, 32, 81, 116, 88, 96, 107], "texts": ["nduits, distribution panels, transformers, generators, uninterruptible power supply systems and related switchgear and control.\n- Lighting and dimming systems including fixtures and controls.\n- Low-voltage systems including fire alarm, security, communications and process control systems.\n- High tech data centers and computer rooms.\n- Distributed Antenna Systems (DAS", "What type of products and services does Office plus office supplies LLC offer", "What are the two main versions of Dynamics 365 indicated in the text segment", "What difficulties has Fresh & Easy faced in attracting customers, as mentioned in the text", "What teams did Brazil and Mexico play against in the round of 16, and what was the outcome of the match", "What is the average summer temperature in the Eastern Cascades of Washington", "Husband criticizes Supreme Court decision to free ex-wife who hired hit man to kill him\nIn an online response to the Supreme Court decision to free Nicole Ryan, her ex-husband denies he was an abuser and says she tried to kill him for money.\nShare via Email\nThe Nova Scotia man whose ex-wife tried to hire a hit man to kill him called the Supreme Court\u2019s decision to set her free a \u201cfarce\u201d and a \u201cdisgrace\u201d in an online video.\nOver the course of a nine-minute video posted Sunday, Michael Ryan switched between addressing the public and his ex-wife Nicole, who now uses her maiden name of Doucet, and the public at large. He denies he was an abusive husband and tells Doucet her actions have hurt him and their daughter.\n\u201cI strongly believe the Supreme Court of Canada has denied the truth,\u201d he said. \u201cThe public is still deceived by Nicole Ryan\u2019s false allegations that I was an abusive husband and my side of the story has still not been heard,\u201d he said.\nAfter having been acquitted twice in Nova Scotia for counselling to commit murder, Doucet\u2019s case was stayed by the Supreme Court on Friday, freeing her and halting any further prosecution.\nShe was arrested in 2009 after she unknowingly hired an undercover RCMP officer to kill her ex-husband for $25,000.\nDoucet argued in court that she acted under duress because of the abuse she endured for years from her husband.\nIn its decision, the Supreme Court emphasized that Doucet was the victim of a violent, abusive and controlling husband, and believed his threats that he would seriously hurt or kill her and their daughter.\n\u201cIt was the wrong thing to do, yes. But it", "How can field service software help organizations manage subcontractors effectively", "What occasion prompted the author to work on a super-secret project", "aid.\nSue Elder, another volunteer, also spoke of spending hours at the facility.\n\u201cI won\u2019t call it a shelter. A shelter is a safe, warm, loving place,\u201d said Elder, who admitted she loves dogs more than she does most people. \u201cI get there at 10 a.m. and the animals are laying in their own feces and urine. The first thing (the employees) should be doing is getting those little, innocent animals out of their feces.\u201d\nFontenot agreed the volunteers are playing a critical role at the shelter and thanked them for their efforts.\nAs for the workers, Fontenot urged the volunteers to understand the workload. The animal shelter collects stray dogs and cats from throughout the parish and its 12 municipalities. It is also home to abandoned horses, donkeys and other farm animals.\n\u201cThe staff is often out on calls all day long and sometimes all night long,\u201d Fontenot said.\nFontenot said he is currently working with the LSU veterinary school, which has agreed to visit the shelter and offer advice on how it can be improved.\n\u201cWe have the goal to make it better. It got better the first day I became involved but we have room for improvement,\u201d Fontenot said.\nHis assurances didn\u2019t satisfy the volunteers or some members of the committee. The committee instead agreed to forward to the full council a call for the establishment of an investigative committee to review the shelter and its operations.\nCouncilman Jerry Red said that committee should be made up of two to three council members and three to five volunteers.\n\u201cI\u2019d like them to come back in six months and give us an update,\u201d Red said.\nFontenot said, as with all aspects of parish government, cost has to be a consideration.\n\u201cIf we bring it up to a premier shelter as some of the volunteers are requesting, it will cost a lot of money,\u201d Fontenot cautioned.", "LONDON (Dec. 30)\nIsrael tried and failed to purchase arms from Finland, the Times of London reported here today from Helsinki. The correspondent asserted that Israelis recently sought to purchase mortars and other weapons from Finnish manufacturers but the government refused to approve such sales. Helsinki was reported to have felt that selling arms to Israel might lead to international complications for the tiny state perched on the Soviet Union\u2019s northern border.\nA moratorium on arms shipments to the Middle East was urged today by the Times of London in an editorial which asserted that", "What capabilities does the Salesforce 1 Platform provide to built environment stakeholders for communication and collaboration", "the Los Angeles County Economic Development Corp.\n\"It's really bad timing when we are struggling to add every job we can,\" she said.\nIf Fresh & Easy starts shuttering stores, that could hurt the fragile retail real estate market by adding \"a bunch of empty spaces\" on the market, she said.\nOf course, the other players in the grocery industry would benefit, although Fresh & Easy was never able to command much market share, she said.\n\"At Fresh & Easy, they just didn't catch people's imagination or really draw them in. I know they put in a lot of research before building their stores, but this didn't quite work,\" Ritter-Martinez said. \"With Fresh & Easy, you had very spare interiors, at least the ones I visited. It wasn't a very warm, inviting space.\"\nNot only has it been struggling to draw customers, but Fresh & Easy also has had a contentious relationship with labor groups. The chain is nonunion, and has rejected labor groups' calls for talks.\nUnion activists have staged protests in front of the chain's stores and called for a boycott.\nThe United Food & Commercial Workers International Union, which represents 1.3 million workers mostly in grocery and retail stores, blamed mismanagement for Fresh & Easy's financial problems and the potential job losses from the strategic review.\n\"These job losses could have been avoided if Tesco had chosen to engage with community stakeholders and its customers to address the many underlying problems and warning signs of the troubled Fresh & Easy model,\" the UFCW said in a statement Wednesday. \"We call on Tesco and Fresh & Easy executives to include all community and labor stakeholders as the company undergoes this review process.\"\nEl Segundo Mayor Carl Jacobson said there is little the city can do to prevent a sale or potential closure of Fresh & Easy since such a decision would be made at Tesco's headquarters in England rather than locally.\n\"There's not much we can do to influence what England does,\" Jacobson said.\nHe noted that the immediate impact on El Segundo, if the chain were to move or close, would be minimal.\n\"We really don't have many (Fresh & Easy) employees here in El Segundo. They don't have a store here,\" Jacobson said. \"We have valued them as a business in town, but it has only been as a corporate headquarters and they have downsized that quite a bit over the years.\"\nIn August, Fresh & Easy cut about 40 employees at its headquarters. The layoffs were in the real estate department responsible for opening new stores, as the chain slowed its formerly torrid pace of expansion to cut costs.\nIn 2010, the chain announced it would temporarily \"mothball\" 13 stores until economic conditions in those areas improved. Only one of the targeted stores was in California, the Moreno Valley location in the Inland Empire. Six stores were in Nevada and another six in Arizona.\nFollow Muhammed El-Hasan on Twitter at http://twitter.com/dailybreezebiz", "Neutrino Day, the Sanford Lab\u2019s free annual science festival, is expanding to downtown Lead, with a full day of science talks and hands-on activities on Saturday, July 13, from 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m.\nPark at the Homestake Visitor Center on Main Street and catch free shuttles to all venues. Activities at the lab\u2019s surface campus will include hoist room tours (wear sturdy shoes), live video chats with scientists a mile underground and wild science demonstrations for kids by Steve Rokusek of South Dakota Public Broadcasting. Events on Main Street will include:\n- An art show, \u201cInto the Dark: Art Exploring Dark Matter, featuring 20 of South Dakota\u2019s preeminent painters, sculptors and photographers, at the Lead Deadwood Art Center\n- A noon Science Caf\u00e9 sponsored by South Dakota Public Broadcasting at Lead\u2019s Own Bumpin\u2019 Buffalo restaurant\n- Science talks at the Historic Homestake Opera House\n- Science and engineering displays and activities for all ages at the Black Hills Mining Mu", "What are some key features of the Rytr AI writing tool", ".\nFor players that are not in [TAC] but wish to be, please follow the above instructions but instead choosing the option \"No\" to being in the guild. Alternatively, you can whisper or mail any of our officers in regards to joining us.\nAll applications should include your in-game account or character name so that we know who you are.\nWe hope you enjoy being in [TAC], feel free to post anything (SFW) on the forums!", "Who is Jos\u00e9 Francisco Salgado and what will he present on Neutrino Day", "Volunteers call for animal shelter reformation\nThe St. Landry Parish Council is expected to call for a formal investigation into the operations of the parish animal shelter following complaints by volunteers.\nVolunteers with Friends Underwriting Rescues became involved with the shelter a few months ago to help promote adoptions of dogs and cats. But the volunteers quickly became concerned about conditions at the shelter, which they call inhumane.\nParish President Bill Fontenot has met with the group on several occasions since then and promised to make improvements.\nA number of employees at the shelter have been dismissed, an exercise track for the animals has been added and parking lot improvements have been made. A new 40-by-60-foot kennel for large dogs is currently under construction.\nBut this week the volunteers came before the council\u2019s Public Works Committee to argue more is needed.\nFrom comments by committee members, conditions at the shelter are a function of when you visit.\nBoth Council members Dexter Brown and Fekisha Miller-Matthews spoke of separate surprise visits to the shelter, located beside the parish airport just north of Opelousas.\nBoth came in the afternoon and both said they were pleased with what they found.\n\u201cI visited Monday and basically I was happy with what I saw. It was very clean. It was clean enough the Pope could have had lunch there,\u201d Brown said.\nOn the other hand, Councilman Alvin Stelly said he visited in the morning and didn\u2019t like what he saw at all. \u201cIt was a disgrace,\u201d Stelly said.\nJennie Casanova, the founder of FUR, argued the difference is her volunteers.\n\u201cWe got involved to decrease the euthanasia rate. Instead we are spending hours cleaning the cages. As soon as the volunteers arrive, the staff walks away and doesn\u2019t return,\u201d Casanova s", "ts affected by the change,\u201d Delgado said.\nO\u2019Brien said that while this tightening may have resulted in dropping out of UWRF, it also pushes students to succeed and encourages them to work harder, so it was not necessarily a bad thing.\nThis new administrator would sit on Chancellor Dean Van Galen\u2019s council and report directly to the chancellor about how to increase enrollment numbers and retain the students who do enroll to build the success of the University.\nWhile the position\u2019s boundaries are not firmly established, that is the basic idea, said Paul Shepherd, director of Student Life.\nA search and screen committee will be put together after the position is defined and officially posted for candidates to apply.\nShepherd said that this will be a national search to find the best candidate.\nFor O\u2019Brien, the fact that this position is being created shows her how big of a concern this is for the future of UWRF.\nAs a student, she said that the different programs on campus are possible because of the size of the student body and that the diversity seen at UWRF in the variety of organizations, membership opportunities and personalities are \u201cimportant to the student experience.\u201d\nWith the number of students decreasing, so does the opportunities that are available now, said O\u2019Brien.\nLike any other search and screen committee put together on campus to bring in new professors or administration, it is required to have a student on the board to represent student interest in the search of a candidate.\nO\u2019Brien said that a good candidate to represent the student body in this decision would be someone who is dedicated to attending meetings and open-minded to the different candidates that may come before them.\nStudents interested in the position should contact Student Senate", "What is the main reason the NFL can ignore negotiations with officials and still maintain demand for its games", "What did Israel attempt to purchase from Finland and what was the response from the Finnish government", "A MOTHER who killed her three children after a bitter divorce battle has been found dead at Rampton high security hospital.\nAmerican Theresa Riggi, 49, who was serving 16 years in prison for the horrific crime, had only been moved recently from a facility in Scotland to the the institution in Nottinghamshire.\nRiggi had stabbed Austin and Gianluca, both eight, and Cecilia, five - eight times at their second-floor Edinburgh flat.\nShe admitted culpable homicide on the grounds of diminished responsibility.\nRiggi was held in Cornton Vale Prison, Stirling, before being transferred to secure psychiatric care.\nIt came more than two years after she was allegedly disfigured for life by a fellow inmate at Cornton Vale women's prison near Stirling.\nRiggi was treated for her injuries in hospital after suffering a 40ft fall from the balcony of the townhouse in 2010, where twin boys Luca and Austin, eight, and daughter Cecilia, five, were found dead with suspected stab wounds.\nIt came several months after Riggi, 46, vanished with the children in July, after a break up with her husband Pasquale.\nAfter she was jailed for 16 years in July 2011, Mr Riggi said: \"The horrific manner in which my children died will leave an indelible mark on the rest of my life. As a father, my natural instincts were geared towards safeguarding my children from the dangers of this world.\n\"It pains me to the core that I was unable to protect them from the selfish, brutal and mu", "What are some possible outcomes of Tesco's strategic review of Fresh & Easy", "What circumstances require surveys as defined by the WAPC regarding land development", "What information must applicants provide to the Zynga community team to be considered for the event at Zynga HQ", "What are the reasons Zynga might be holding a conference for the game Pioneer Trail, despite its decline in popularity", "What recent actions are being taken to address the declining retention rates at UW-River Falls", "What does the client of the wellness blogger intend to share with other women to help them during their pregnancy", "What is the primary message conveyed about the current economic environment and its impact on businesses during the speaker's experience at GIE", "only when arms ceased to pour into the region \u201cwill the dust begin to clear away and the real human and political problems be seen in a clearer light.\u201d The Times noted that an arms ban need not involve any Middle Eastern country in negotiations, yet would provide a \u201csharp test of Soviet sincerity.\u201d\nAsserting that \u201cpatience and goodwill\u201d will not solve the problems of the region, the Times said that \u201cIsrael cannot be wished away by the Arabs or by anyone else.\u201d It suggested that even if the Arab-Israel conflict were ended all insecurity and instability in the Middle East would not be ended", "Xcel Surveying Provides, Feature And Contour Surveys, Detail And Topographic Surveying Services Throughtout Perth And Western Australia.\nThe necessity of topographic surveys in Perth is undeniable - with architectural teams, engineers and drafting firms utilising them for all land development and construction projects. Through these precise mappings, the entire construction process can be simplified.\nAs the leading feature surveyors in Perth, Xcel Surveying knows that establishing topography isn't enough to secure development. The rules of the Western Australian Planning Council (WAPC) must be abided - with teams adhering to both national and local standards. Often this proves a challenging task for first-time project managers.\nIt does not need to be an impossible one. Instead, our contour surveyors in Perth connect clients to the compliance aid they need, guiding teams through the WAPC process and ensuring seamless development. To learn more contact us today.\nXcel Surveying: About Us\nSince 2008 Xcel Surveying has provided our clients with dedicated service and Major Project Specialisation. Through construction and detail surveys in Perth, we've helped to further a variety of sectors, including: transportation, commercial developments, industrial developments and entertainment facilities. Our qualified team delivers both dedicated support and extensive technical abilities.\nAs the premier feature surveyors in Perth, they also deliver WAPC knowledge. When launching a construction project, teams may struggle with early planning operations. We now streamline them.\nWhen are Topographic Surveys in Perth Needed?\nA detail survey in Perth is a key element to the develop", "ages the power of the Salesforce 1 Platform, secure cloud storage, open data models and delivery technologies to enable field-to-office communication and collaboration to all built environment stakeholders.\n- Simple access to plans/documents, data and media on mobile devices (iOS and browsers)\n- Work off-line when wireless connection is unavailable; sync on re-connect\n- Site Timeline keeps track of site data and activity history/genealogy\n- Integrate with multiple data systems: GIS (Google Maps), Construction Management, Security, Data Sensor, Permitting, Inspections, First-Response,", "Dynamics 365 launched in 2016 when Microsoft brought together Dynamics AX, its ERP application and the Dynamics CRM application. Microsoft was one of the first to make a move an offer an integrated solution. Given the dynamic nature of business and the likelihood of unique situations, it is becoming more and more important for software/solution providers to introduce applications that cater to the changing trends. Dynamics 365 is a comprehensive suite of services enabling all in one solutions so that you don\u2019t have to pick and choose from the plethora of options available.\nWhat is Dynamics 365?\nIs Dynamics 365 an ERP or a CRM?\nIn essence, Microsoft Dynamics 365 is a combination of both Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software and Customer Relationship Management (CRM) software. It is a combination of elements from both system types as well as Power BI reporting functions. Here, Microsoft offers a product that allows the integrated management of both customers as well as the organisation. Although, you should keep in mind that Dynamics 365 is not one giant software. It is, in fact, a collection of apps that function as an integrated whole under the same name. Microsoft Dynamics 365 was initially two separate systems known as Dynamics AX (the ERP) and Dynamics CRM (the CRM) which were brought together in late 2016 and repackaged as one system.\nMicrosoft was, in fact, one of the first few business application vendors to combine the capabilities of ERPs and Dynamics 365 CRMs.\nDynamics 365 Follows a \u201cCommon Data Model\u201d\nUsually, it is the case with enterprise software that the foundation, that is the data handling techniques and the database format itself is specific and often unique to the software with which it will be used \u2014 thereby restricting the application\u2019s compatibility with other external apps that you may prefer using.\nFurthermore, customised databases are challenging to integrate and upgrade and therefore, Microsoft seems to be trying to take a different direction and move to standardised and consistent database schematics. The entire customer base can use any new solution that Microsoft deploys under the Dynamics 365 umbrella. The only difference being that users will browse applications through a new store known as Microsoft AppSource.\nTherefore, the Common Data Model will allow integration with all Microsoft applications as well as any other applications using a standard API.\nIs Dynamics 365 Cloud-based?\nMicrosoft Dynamics 365 is wholly committed to the cloud and the advantages it offers. Not only does operate on cloud-based architecture help with real-time tracking of changes in data, but it is also an excellent way to bring more control and standardisation to the system since all inputs and generated outputs will be stored in the same place.\nAlthough if you do want to keep all your data on site, you can opt for Dynamics 365 Enterprise Edition which deploys infrastructure and computing power on site so you can feel more secure. Although this means that Dynamics 365 will be running on its independent cloud unique to your organisations, you do not loose connectivity over the internet.\nWhat are the Uses for Microsoft Dynamics 365?\nMicrosoft Dynamics 365 can be used for:\n- Bringing your business together as a cohesive unit by connecting people, processes, and data across many applications, including Microsoft Dynamics 365, Office 365, LinkedIn, and Azure.\n- Making smarter decisions with built-in AI, analytics, and guided action suggestions.\n- Adapting the application to your needs rather than changing your business methodology. You can integrate most applications with existing systems or even customise with Microsoft Power Platform.\n- Modernise your approach by incorporating AI, mixed reality, social, and mobile capabilities for progressive business innovation.\nDynamics 365 Modules and Applications\nOrganisations can choose from the following Microsoft Dynamics 365 applications and features:\nThis module combines customer data from Microsoft Dynamics 365, Office 365 and third-party data sources, and helps users find actionable insights from that data. The module also includes Power BI for analytics and visualisation of data. Artificial intelligence tools can be used to identify consumer behaviour patterns and trends which can then provide predictive data.\nDynamics 365 offers multi-channel tools for engaging customers, tools for self-service / self-care portals as well as tools for community engagement and support agents.\nComponent of Dynamics 365 primarily used for planning and scheduling resources, managing contracts, inventory, insights into the internet of things-connected products and customer communications tools.\nFinance and Operations\nIn this module, Dynamics 365 offers financial management with all the reporting and analytics tools. It also includes manufacturing tools for project management, production planning, scheduling, cost management; and warehouse and inventory control tools for the supply chain management.\nDynamics 365 links up Dynamics CRM with Adobe Marketing Cloud to provide campaign management and targeted, personalised marketing tools that cater to your unique needs.\nProject Service Automation\nAutomate project planning, resources scheduling, time and cost management, and service analytics in an all-in-one package. Gets you what you need while making management seamless.\nCombined business tools, store and employee management, merchandise management and operational insights.\nThe sales module provides insight into prospective customer sources, personalisation of service and customer engagement data, sales productivity and performance metrics on many platforms such as dynamics magento and dynamics shopify.\nHuman resource cloud services connected", "What are the dimensions and key features of the product described in the text", "ing wrong, instead of getting a half mark you get zero.\"\nMany of the school's parents have complained but Chao says the resolution process doesn't work.\n\"The head of the math department is aware, other teachers in the math department are aware, the vice-principal, the principal, all the way up to the superintendent - yet there has been no follow through in addressing what is going on,\" she said.\nThe school district says it will have the problem resolved by the end of the semester.\nSuggest a correction", "llow for processing time ( The time it takes to fulfill the order) 1-2 days plus delivery time.Estimated Standard Delivery times 3-5 days. Delivery times may vary. You will be notified once your item has shipped", "What services does P'reliminary Assortment Company Brokers offer to business owners and potential sellers", "Our first dance was set to \u201cThe Violet Hour\u201d by Sea Wolf (if you haven\u2019t heard it, why the hell not???). We spent weeks beforehand meticulously learning our dance moves, and when the day finally arrived I was just happy not to have tripped her in front of everyone. Clearly, this is what love is.\nWe oftentimes have vastly different musical tastes (I usually can\u2019t stand country for too long, no matter how much pop they infuse it with, and she just can\u2019t seem to get on board with the whole \u201cBabies love Nine Inch Nails!\u201d argument), but Sea Wolf has been a shared love since we first got together. And yes, I\u2019ll totally overlook the fact that it was introduced to us by one of the Twilight movies.\nEither way, it seemed like the perfect song to cover for a special occasion.\nThere are many ways to go about saying \u201cI love you\u201d other than, y\u2019know, the most obvious one. I\u2019m not always great about expressing it as much as I should (though I say it plenty), but this time I wanted to say it with one of the most valuable possessions I have to give: time.\nAsk anyone with kids and they\u2019ll probably tell you that there\u2019s no such thing as \u201cfree time\u201d after babies. I can definitely understand that to a certain degree now. Most of my day", "What actions did the WWS undertake in response to the ILCSC/ICFA invitation regarding detector concepts and R&D in 2004", "What were the main roles identified for the Worldwide Study (WWS) when it was established", "What Is Rytr?\nRytr is an AI composing tool that can help you create blog posts, articles, and a lot more. Learn more in this Rytr evaluation.\nWe\u2019ve all encountered author\u2019s block\u2013 whether you\u2019re composing long-form posts or social media sites messages. Occasionally, it\u2019s simply difficult to create high-converting content over and over.\nRytr looks for to break through this writer\u2019s block by developing a duplicate in secs. You just type in some context, and also it does the rest for you. But just how efficient is Rytr? Is it worth determining how to utilize its internet of functions? Keep checking out for our total testimonial of this AI writing device.\nPricing is budget-friendly for a limitless plan\nUtilizes the exact same GPT-3 performance as large rivals like Jasper AI\nSupplies a Chrome expansion which is special for such a tool\nConstructed in plagiarism checker is not an upsell, but utilizes your strategy\u2019s personality credit scores\nAccess to a costs area of like-minded customers\nInterface does not sustain long form material in addition to competitors\nLimited in tone of voice choice\nSearch engine optimization functionality exists, however limited\nCompetitors like ClosersCopy who likewise use a reasonable lifetime deal do better general\nLifetime deal is no longer provided\nKey Functions of Rytr\nRight here\u2019s the extraordinary listing of attributes supplied by the Rytr creating tool.\n- Generate unrestricted words each month (with Unlimited strategy).\n- Accessibility to over 30 use-cases to produce web content.\nWrite in over 30 languages.\n- Accessibility 20+ creating tones.\n- Built-in plagiarism mosaic.\n- Accessibility to costs neighborhood.\n- Create your own personalized use-case.\n- Supplies you a dedicated account supervisor.\n- Priority e-mail & conversation assistance.\nRytr has actually integrated Copyscape checks, which suggests that all the material it creates is plagiarism-free.\nYou can easily examine if any one of the text is original by highlighting a sentence and clicking the \u201cEven more\u201d section to bring up the plagiarism mosaic.\nThere\u2019s a restriction of 1600 characters you can check at the same time. If Copyscape spots any type of plagiarism, you\u2019ll have the ability to see the cause a pop-up.\nThis attribute is one definite benefit that a Rytr evaluation has over various other AI web content generators. You don\u2019t have to leave the device to check if your message is initial, which speeds the composing process up considerably.\nIt is n", "The NFL and the negotiations between the officials is a pathetic. There is no negotiation.\nWhat the NFL is doing is very simple. They are flexing their muscles, proving to everyone that they hold the upper hand in all negotiations and business deals. It does not matter with whom; officials, TV sponsors, stadium vendors, or stadium leasers (hello St. Louis). The NFL can do whatever they want. Why? Steve Young put it best on the Monday Night Football post game show when explaining what is going on in the negotiations between the NFL and the officials. He stated, \u201cThe demand for the game is inelastic.\u201d\nWhat he means is there is almost nothing that can affect the demand for the NFL among the people that watch the games and buy the tickets. Regardless of who\u2019s officiating.\nLast year\u2019s player lockout is about the only thing that has and will ever come close to the NFL backing down. The NFL stood to lose millions in revenue if they locked the players out for a whole season. Every NFL owner is a billionaire, and in their business they are guaranteed to make money whether their team goes 0-16 and nobody buys a single ticket or if they go 19-0 and win the Super Bowl. The T.V. revenue provides the NFL owners with a guaranteed profit. The only reason why the lockout was lifted on the players before the start of last season is because the NFL\u2019s bottom line would have been affected. No games=no T.V. revenue.\nThe other facade the NFL throws at us is \u201cplayer safety.\u201d The new kickoff rule took into effect last year because the NFL wanted to give the world the perception that they gave a shit about concussions. Concussions do no", "OCEAN DRIFT COFFEE TABLE\nThe Ocean Drift collection benefits from naturally eroded real driftwood bleached by the sun. This environment-friendly sourced material creates", "es LLC is a one stop shop for stationery, office supplies, custom print jobs and computer accessories requirements for customers in the UAE. Office plus office supplies LLC is the direct sales arm of major office supply manuf ...\n- Number One Diesel Trading LLC\nNumber One Diesel operates in diesel fuel supply and transportation in the United Arab Emirates since 2003. Our services to our valued customers guarantee efficiency, punctuality & reliability. We serviced over 60 customers in the UAE, most of which ...\n- Direct Office Supplies\nOur range of popular office products and equipment include lever arch files, document wallets and archive storage boxes. Manilla filing, suspension files, punched pockets, Jiffy Bags and presentation ring binders - we really do have it all. We provid ...\n- International Airline & Business Academy\nIts simple - research shows workforce education is the most critical productivity factor and employers providing formal training for employees see 15-20% average increase in productivity. Thats why businesses, individuals and students come to IABA. W ...\n- Belhoul Investment Office LLC\nEstablished in 1969, the Belhoul Group is comprised of businesses spanning across hospitals, schools, pharmaceutical and medical equipment, travel and tourism agencies, construction and engineering, catering as well as garment manufacturing. Over the ...", "What prompted parents at New Westminster Secondary School to take action regarding the math teacher", "Gurtz Electric Company has been the electrical contractor choice for many of Chicago\u2019s most prominent construction projects, since 1932.\nGurtz Electric Co. specializes in the installation, integration, start-up, testing, operation and maintenance of building electrical systems including:\n- Power and distribution systems for electrical power including power cables, co", "Heated Swimming Pool\nPlace mouse over image for larger view\nWashington is often thought of as damp andrainy, but not true over here in the Eastern Cascades! Just 2 1/2 hours from Seattle the climate changes drastically. The warmth and sunshine welcome you here on the \"dry side\" of the mountains. Summer temperatures average in the 80's.", "What type of wallet is mentioned in the text", "What crime did Theresa Riggi commit, and what was the outcome of her imprisonment", "What type of material is used to create the Ocean Drift coffee table", "What resources does the application provide for users preparing for childbirth", "consists of work, baby, wife (which usually consists of a few minutes to talk about our day), and sleep. Of course, in between all that I have to find time to shovel food into my piehole. So when I do have free time, it\u2019s pretty amazing. Getting to go out and play photographer is unbelievably liberating, but even sitting down to read at the end of the day is simply beyond words. So my \u201cme time\u201d is something I\u2019ve come to covet quite a bit (\u201cMy preeeeeecious\u2026\u201d). So what better way to say it? Well, I suppose there\u2019s jewelry and all that, but that\u2019s beside the point.\nWith our anniversary coming up, it was the perfect opportunity to work on this project, but with free time being much more scarce these days I had to get started pronto. Free time is one thing, but free time when I could work on a super-secret project? That\u2019s something completely different. It took over a month to put together (with a whole lot of hustle towards the end), but thanks to lots and lots of baby naps, a children\u2019s percussion set from Guitar Center, and mixing input from an extra pair of ears (thanks Parag!), it all came together quite well.\nHappy anniversary, Red. This is me saying \u201cI love you.\u201d\n(Listen to it loud or with headphones and in HD", "What advantages does GSNetworks offer in terms of ribbon cable assembly production", "What are some of the key benefits of using Microsoft Dynamics 365", "What statistical achievements did Ronnie G. Brown Jr. accomplish during his college football career at Auburn University", "ed indeed the\u2019re had to be a special technique to live a fear no-cost, win-success process the companies buyers and sellers. After we confirmed this particular companies can often be promoted, your gauge the sensible market price of companies. Eventually a comp\u2019rehensive article on every one money facts and to business operating profile, we would develop a sensible market value to offer your organization.\nOrganization Valuations & Appraisals\nA matched up as well as on-established ventu\u2019re offering Lone-star state business attracts the biggest promising pool associated with the prospective buyers options. Any seminars you have with this Nevada companies lenders, could all be kept in faith. Glen Cooper is the best originator and facing spouse belonging to the Tx Sales Bankers. He\u2019s happened to be an industry \u2018rep due to 1979, is actually perfect c\u2019redentialed organization appraiser the twenty six age and contains happened to be a small business guide for that around fifteen years.\nWell over ten years And also over one hund\u2019red Companies Promoted\nAuthentic bankers try ahead of time when it comes to expenditu\u2019res so you can indicates the price your loan prior to now your ag\u2019ree to a price. Business was a factory sweeping provider of this original means ACDelco/GM in order to Motorcraft/Ford component as well as to Pronto aftermarket automobile role. The business enterprise circulate parts you can easily automobile seller, automobile \u2018repairs sites, fleets, companies, also to jobber vendors. Their ABBA meeting try a 2 week large education storage arranged in some circumstances in the a lot of locations around the usa.\nLet us know if it does since\u2019rely inte\u2019rested in attempting to sell your organization as well as other essential an enterprise valuation, your a f\u2019ree session. \u201cI have well-known Brian for upwards of five years and working considering your is straightforward from he understands p\u2019recisely what he does. They \u2018relates to your very own parties professionally that is liberated to communicate perfectly in ways that all activities figu\u2019re out what the process is in the market so to promoting \u2018regarding the businesses so to/or a \u2018residential property.\nWe feel g\u2019reater savvy in order to p\u2019repa\u2019red you\u201dre better. Shopping for a profitable business will come in a valuable in order to di\u2019rectly \u2018rewarding skills and other a horror depending upon how your order was handled. At P\u2019reliminary Assortment Company Brokers with the Raleigh Durham discover the quite difficult alternatives befo\u2019rehand for your most business owners di\u2019rectly after we got faced these types of a down economy along with her. Your data provided on this web site shouldn\u2019t constitute cover instructions. All-content and to information a\u2019re your overall educational purposes best. End Insu\u2019reon\u2019s on the internet program and speak to our licensed insurance rates professionals to get specifications for one\u2019s company insurance coverage \u2018requi\u2019rements.", "What concerns did Sue Elder express about the conditions of the animals at the shelter", "What role does a unique sales agent play in successfully promoting a business", "ecessary to keep in mind that while there\u2019s no different cost for plagiarism checks, the characters refined matter versus your monthly usage. There\u2019s likewise a limitation of 50,000 characters you can look for plagiarism on a monthly basis.\nThings are pretty hit-and-miss with Rytr when it pertains to accuracy. If you\u2019re using the tool to revise or broaden existing web content, the outcomes are quite suitable. You can offer it with an item summary and also get an enhanced, longer variation with one click.\nIf you mean to utilize it to create material from scratch, you\u2019re unlikely to get excellent results. A lot of the info created is merely inaccurate, and the web content has lots of constructions. This means that you require to spend a great deal of time fact-checking the copy, which beats the function of using a web content generator.\nBeing typically imprecise, the web content will also damage off at random places, and there\u2019s no option to ask the tool to complete an unfinished sentence. This is necessary to keep in mind in any Rytr review.\nGenerals Concerns asked about Rytr?\nExactly how precise and also initial is the provided content in Rytr?\nRytr develops new and also distinct material nearly every time as it passes different plagiarism tests and other material website checks. If you use the same phrases or titles 5 different times, the outcomes will certainly be different and also one-of-a-kind virtually all the time as well as equally engaging.\nHow does Rytr develop content?\nMuch like any other AI Copywriting tool, it takes the information that you compose and also produces brand-new material after including the required keyword phrases, describes, concerns, tones, as well as numerous other tools that the internet site supplies. After doing all the steps in the proper ways, the AI tool will certainly begin functioning, as well as within seconds, you will certainly have a fresh, brand-new, as well as special item of material or blog that you can share with your group or publish today.\nJust how can you purchase/cancel your registration in Rytr?\nAfter trying out the internet site and its offered free tests, you can quickly buy the registration that will certainly be based upon the strategy you choose. After paying for your subscription on a monthly billing cycle, the membership will instantly finish at the end of the billing cycle. After your membership ends, the data and also credit scores saved will certainly likewise be gotten rid of", "Parents at a New Westminster high school are taking on a notoriously hardmarking math teacher, after it was revealed most of her class are failing Grade 11 math.\nThey say problems with the math teacher at New Westminster Secondary School have gone on for years and the school district says it is aware of the issues.\nLisa Chao decided to take action when her daughter went from being a grade A student to a grade C student.\n\"My daughter will say out of a question worth three marks, if you get one small th", "What injury did Ronnie Brown suffer during a Thanksgiving Day game against the Detroit Lions", "As we prepare for another linear collider workshop (the 13th LCWS in the 30-year series) and contemplate the ILC reorganisation and next steps following the Technical Design Report and the Detailed Baseline Design Report, I have recently found myself thinking back on the history of the Worldwide Study (WWS) and the valuable role it has played. The ILC Research Directorate assumed many of the principal roles that were carried out for so many years by the WWS and its organising committee. Does the WWS still have a place? If so, what is it?\nThe WWS was formally launched in 1998 at the International Conference on High Energy Physics in Vancouver, Canada. The first co-chairs were Charles Baltay (Yale), Sachio Komamiya (Tokyo) and David Miller (University College London), and a regionally balanced membership with five members each from Asia, Europe, and North America joined the co-chairs on the organising committee. At that time, the LCWS series of workshops had already met in Saariselka, Finland (1991), Hawaii, US (1993) and Morioka, Japan (1995); it became the responsibility of the WWS to organise the future meetings of this series. Studies were active in three regions of the world, and the WWS became the principal mechanism to coordinate these studies. The roles for the WWS were then identified to be:\n- Maintaining contact between the studies in the three regions;\n- Encouraging growth of a worldwide user community, ready to participate in a linear collider programme \u2013 wherever a machine is built;\n- Representing that community to the International Committee for Future Accelerators (ICFA); and\n- Acting as a programme committee for the LCWS series.\nThe WWS organising committee would lead this effort, with interest in any future linear collider. The high-energy physics laboratory directors encouraged this new organisation.\nIn order to advance the detector R&D for the linear collider, in 2001 the WWS created an R&D review panel to survey efforts (projects and collaborations), assess the goals and level of support, and to identify gaps. A panel of three from each region was established and a report was written in 2002. This report helped spur the efforts and generate support. The report also took note of the difficult situation with regard to test beam facilities worldwide, and motivated increased support for facilities to meet this need in the ensuing years.\nIn 2002, ICFA established the International Linear Collider Steering Committee (ILCSC). The ILCSC invited the WWS to serve as the physics and detector subcommittee of the ILCSC, charging it to begin assembling a high-level parameter list to guide the efforts of the accelerator scientists and engineers. In response to the ILCSC charge, the WWS enlisted a scope and parameters panel to prepare a document. It was delivered in 2003, and guided the early design of the linear collider. The document was updated in 2006 for the GDE and continues to define the physics requirements for the ILC.\nAt about this time the WWS also prepared what came to be known as the consensus document: \u201cUnderstanding Matter, Energy, Space, and Time: The Case for the Linear Collider,\u201d signed by 2724 scientists and engineers, many of whom were not directly involved. The signatories had been convinced of the importance of the linear collider. The document presented the scientific case for a 500-gigaelectronvolt electron-positron linear collider, upgradeable to higher energy, with options for future investigations using alternate beam particles and e", "What are the operating hours of the heated pool and the hot tub", "GoalA woman\u2019s wellness and constant psychological support from closed ones and specialists is what is really important for a happy pregnancy. Our client, a well-known blogger and coach, decided to share her knowledge and help girls gain confidence in child-birth.\nTasksTo develop native iOS and Android mobile apps related to medical theme, that can help users to take control of their health, learn more useful information and control their vital statistics.\nContractions TimerQualified doctors compiled an algorithm through which the mom-to-be can understand what type of contract", "What types of systems and equipment are mentioned in the text segment", "What kinds of activities and formats might be included in the tournament", "a stunning beach-feel with a modern, contemporary twist circular tempered glass top.\nProduct Info & Care\nDimensions: W 70cm x D 70cm x H 45cm\nFeatures: Tempered Glass Top", "What does The Times suggest is necessary for clearer understanding of the human and political problems in the region", "Brazil defeated Mexico in tge Round of 16 2-0 to book their place in the quarter finals of the fifa world cup 2018.\nMexico were impressive in the starting 30 minutes after that momentum pushed towars Brazil where they were constantly creating threats in the Mexican box.\nThe first half ended 0-0 the second half started with Barzil immediately gra", "What is required for existing members of the GW2 Guild Thorin And Company to access the full website", "Complimentary Shipping on all domestic U.S. Shipments\nREOPENING SOON CHECK BACK FOR THE LATEST LOOKS\nEMPORIO ARMANI YEM176 WALLET\nAuthentic Emporio Armani\nInside:credit card holder documents compartment\nPlease a", "Our heated pool is open mid May through September and hot tub is open year around. There is nothing quite like relaxing in our hot tub overlooking the majestic Cascades on a clear , star filled evening inthe summer or the winter. Rather than experiencing our catch phrase \"1000 feet closer to heaven\",...you'll think your already there.", "What was the even name, discussed in the High Court in Glasgow, and the resulting consequences for both the perpetrator and the family of the victims", "What is the purpose of the new administrative position mentioned in the text", "What should players do if they are not in [TAC] but wish to join the guild", "seum, the Hearst Library in Lead, the Historic Homestake Opera House and the Homestake Visitor Center\nFor more information visit www.sanfordlab.org\n\"Science through Art and Music.\"\nEmmy-nominated astronomer Jos\u00e9 Francisco Salgado of Chicago\u2019s Adler planetarium will cap off Neutrino Day with this talk at 3 p.m. at the Historic Homestake Opera House. Salgado also is an experimental photographer and filmmaker, who has photographed more than 30 scientific sites around the world \u2014from the South Pole in Antarctica to the Sanford Lab in Lead, where last year he shot special footage for an upcoming planetarium show on dark matter. Salgado\u2019s films have been presented with live music in 90 concerts in 14 countries, with orchestras such as the Boston Pops, the Chicago Symphony and San Francisco Symphony. On Neutrino Day, Salgado will showcase his work, including never-before-seen footage from the Sanford Lab, and he\u2019ll talk about the creative process he uses to blend art and science", "ny other types of connectors to specifically meet your custom design requirements. Our flexible build-to-order manufacturing allows us to easily produce any variation of ribbon cable assembly from one piece to mass production.\nReliable connections guaranteed by our superior workmanship and 100% quality testing help to make GSNetworks the preferred supplier for many OEM and contract manufacturers. Whether you require a standard off-the-shelf ribbon assembly or a complex custom configuration let our manufacturing team help you to meet your requirement", "What benefits does PlansAnywhere provide to inspectors and community safety", "ions (false or real) she has and whether it is worth preparing for childbirth. When measuring contractions and determining the real contractions, it is proposed to collect all the necessary things to be used in hospital, a list of which is offered in the application.\nGraph of Weight Changes and Other IndicatorsThe user constantly fills in information about his health, monitors deviations from standard indicators and sees the dynamics of changes in his weight and baby\u2019s. Also in the application you can find tips on nutrition during pregnancy, physical education and childbirth.", "Today\u2019s field service industry is growing at a rapid rate, however, the technician pool is on the decline, as baby boomers are retiring in greater numbers each year and replacements are hard to find. In fact, the pool of Millennial talent isn\u2019t able to close the resource gap, and field service organizations today are finding themselves in a situation where they may have a shortage of skilled workers, yet their businesses number of service calls is increasing.\nIn fact, 70 percent of service organizations predict they will experience a field worker shortage in the next five to 10 years, while 35 percent of organizations are facing that crisis right now, and don\u2019t have enough technicians to handle the work. So, field service organizations have two options to turn to in order to combat the growing problem in the United States. They can hire Millennials to solve the shortage, which is what many are doing in America, as in 2015, one in three workers were considered Millennials. Or they can purchase a field service management software that has the tools, modules and integrations that can make a field service team more productive, even if and when their technicians begin to retire.\nThe Millennial Strategy to Close the Resource Gap\nField service organizations aren\u2019t hiring Millennials at a rate they need to in order to close the gap being created by the baby boomer generation retiring. Only 15 percent of service organizations have developed strategies more Millennial workers, who are looking for more out of their job than just a paycheck, they want advancement, a greater direction and more technology in their work. Forty-three percent of Millennial workers want to work for a company that offers a career path for their technicians, and not just one that is the dame daily grind like their fathers were willing to do.\nBut with Millennials, you also get a group who will embrace new technology better than the previous generation, including field service management software, Internet of Things (IoT), augmented reality and virtual reality. Considering they have grown up in an age where mobility is second nature, introducing a field service mobile app is going to be relatively easier with a group that is already experienced with mobile apps and devices.\nWhen you consider that most Millennials are typically not trained in the industry they are working in, there is going to be many challenges long the way. Seventy percent of Millennial technicians did not study for that profession, so there is going to need to be more avenues for them to learn, such as digital access to customer histories to get a better understanding on what previous repairs have happened, and searchable knowledge-based software that is easy for them to find the answers they are looking for.\nBut with field service management software, the training opportunities are endless, and you can take the experience of the baby boomer generation and pass it", "rderous act that ended their lives so unfairly.\n\"There is no justification for this heinous crime, repeated three times, nor is there any sentence that can provide justice for the overwhelming loss of three lives and the subsequent painful grief and devastation caused to surviving family and friends.\"\nJailing her at the High Court in Glasgow, Lord Bracadale said: \"The result of these acts is a devastating family tragedy. The father of the children, Pasquale Riggi, and the wider family have been left utterly bereft by the loss of the children.\n\"And you, who had a genuine but abnormal and possessive love of your children, have lost them and are brought to this sorry pass.\"\nHe said that while Riggi's responsibility had been diminished, she was still responsible for her actions.\n\"The effect of the diminished responsibility is to reduce these crimes from what would have been exceptionally wicked crimes of murder to what are still very serious crimes of culpable homicide,\" he said.\nPasquale Riggi outside the High Court in Edinburgh Pasquale Riggi said there was no justification for such a heinous crime\n\"The number and nature of the stab wounds to each child is indicative of a truly disturbing degree of violence which, in order to bring about the deaths of three children, must have been sustained over a significant period of time. It is difficult to envisage the physical commission of such acts.\"\nHe added they were \"ghastly and grotesque acts\".", "with LinkedIn to manage all aspects of HR. This includes attracting, hiring, and onboarding new employees in managing HR programs.\nEditions of Dynamics 365\nDynamics 365 is sold in two main versions, the Business Edition for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs or SMBs), and the Enterprise Edition intended for medium to large-sized organisations.\nDynamics 365, Enterprise Edition\nThe Dynamics 365 Enterprise Edition includes Dynamics CRM applications (field service, sales, project service automation, and customer service) as well as Microsoft PowerApps. This also includes Microsoft\u2019s top of the line ERP solution, Dynamics 365 for operations.\n- Finance and Operations\n- Formerly known as Microsoft Dynamics AX, the operations module contains all of the finance and operations functionality of Dynamics AX.\n- The CRM component of Dynamics 365 offers all of the lead management and sales process functionality you need in sales (more specifically, the salesperson)\n- Microsoft Dynamics\n- No longer exists as a separate module. Dynamics 365, in partnership with Adobe, offers a more comprehensive and at the same time, integrated marketing tool.\n- Customer Service\n- Integrates CRM functionality, new functionality, existing Parature functionality, and more Microsoft partnerships.\n- Project Service\n- Allows for estimating and scheduling projects in Dynamics 365. Perfect for professional service organisations.\n- Field Service\n- This module leverages the mobility of the Microsoft cloud and delivers extra features required daily by field staff.\n- The HCM module of Dynamics 365 does not come bundled with the software and can be purchased separately.\n- The Retail (POS) module of Dynamics 365 does not come bundled with the software and can be purchased separately.\nDynamics 365, Business Edition\nThe Business Edition of Dynamics 365 is the evolution of project Madeira, the cloud-based ERP/CRM. Microsoft recommends Dynamics 365, Business Edition for companies with employees ranging from 100 to 250. It has three modules:\n- Finance & Operations\n- The finance module is based on Microsoft Dynamics NAV, albeit with certain functionalities removed such as the manufacturing module.\n- The sales module of Dynamics 365, Business Edition is based on Dynamics CRM and optimised for SMB customers. That is to say the level of customers catered to by a small or medium business.\n- The module will be a partnership with Adobe, much like the Enterprise edition.\nDynamics 365 Isn\u2019t Replacing Other Microsoft Dynamics ERP or CRM Products\nAlthough most of the new apps available in Dynamics 365 are based on previous Dynamics products, the latest apps are in no way a replacement for Dynamics AX, NAV, GP, SL, or CRM. All of which will remain available as is for those that wish to use them. Dynamics 365 is simply an alternative way to license and utilise business applications, albeit one with significant additional functions.\nWhy Should You Choose Dynamics 365?\nBy combining the CRM and ERP module of Dynamics 365 and ERP with Microsoft\u2019s productivity applications, users get an integrated and intelligent perspective of data about customer records, transactions, behaviours and preferences. This includes information about orders, inventory and shipping. If that is not enough, Dynamics 365 has excellent features and additional analytical insight tools for decision-makers.\nThe most significant advantage of Dynamics 365 is the strong integration it allows with other Microsoft business applications. For businesses that rely heavily on Office 365, Outlook or Azure, Dynamics 365 offers more beneficial union with sister products than most other CRM systems (most rely a great deal on third-party plug-ins). Microsoft is also expanding its collection of third-party applications that integrate with Dynamics 365 through the AppSource store.\nMicrosoft Dynamics 365 Pricing\nDynamics 365 pricing, compared to its primary competitors, Salesforce, SAP and Oracle, is also a benefit. It comes with bundle and role-based licensing, which are two of the more commonly preferred pricing features.\n- Customer Engagement Plan\n- The engagement plan for customers offered by Microsoft Dynamics 365 helps build and support customer relationships for your organisation.\n- $115 Per user/month\n- Unified Operations Plan\n- Get full use of apps that help connect and manage your business operations.\n- $190 Per user/month\n- Dynamics 365 Plan (Best value)\n- The best value for money option. You get full use of all applications in one comprehensive, cost-efficient option.\n- $210 Per user/month\n- Applications and offers\n- Start with what you need and then upgrade to plans as your business grows.\n- MS Dynamics 365 Pricing will vary depending on the module that you select.\nWhile CRM focuses on the customer, ERPs focus on the business itself and how it operates. Nonetheless, both types of systems allow for company-wide sharing of information. ERP enables organisations to plan for problems before they become persistent. Obstacles in business operations can hinder the analytical thought process and thereby stop companies from focusing on the data rather than operations. In this way, ERPs offer the best way to organise business central processes.\nTherefore, MS Dynamics 365 is an exceptionally well thought out toolbox with all the right tools, and of just the right size. Just as the tools can make or break an artisan, management software can either spell disaster for or skyrocket a business depending on whether the tools themselves function correctly and whether it is an adequate fit for your business and this is where Dynamics 365 comes in. The software will be tailored to your needs in such a way that there is never any question of whether Dynamics 365 is the right fit for you.", "What concerns are raised about the NFL's approach to player safety and officiating quality", "British retail giant Tesco's ambitious venture in the U.S. grocery market under the Fresh & Easy Neighborhood Market brand could soon end.\nTesco announced Wednesday that it is conducting a strategic review of its money-losing El Segundo-based chain that could result in sale of the unit.\nThe announcement comes five years after Tesco opened its first store in Los Angeles.\n\"It is now clear that Fresh & Easy will not deliver acceptable shareholder returns on an appropriate time frame in its current form,\" the company said in a statement.\nTesco has hired investment bank Greenhill to help review options. The British retailer said that in recent months it has received \"a number of approaches\" from potential suitors interested in buying all or part of Fresh & Easy or partnering with Tesco to develop the chain.\nThe company will update investors on its strategic review in April, when full-year financial results are reported.\nFresh & Easy has 200 stores in California, Nevada and Arizona. The chain employs about 5,000 people, with about 300 at its El Segundo headquarters. The company also operates a sprawling food preparation kitchen and central distribution center in Riverside County.\nFresh & Easy said it will continue operations despite the strategic review.\n\"Our focus remains on our people and our customers. It is business as usual in our stores and we look forward to bringing our neighbors the same delicious, wholesome and affordable food they have come to expect from Fresh & Easy,\" the chain said in a statement.\nTesco and its CEO, Philip Clarke, have been under fire from shareholders frustrated with Fresh & Easy's drag on the company's profits.\n\"Whilst the business has many positives, its journey to scale and acceptable returns will take too long relative to other opportunities,\" Clarke said in a statement. \"I have therefore decided to conduct a strategic review of Fresh & Easy, with all options under consideration.\"\nTesco also announced that Fresh & Easy CEO Tim Mason was leaving Wednesday after 30 years with the company.\nFresh & Easy had hoped to set itself apart in the hyper-competitive American grocery market by offering a combination of convenience and fresh food. The stores are about 10,000 square feet - roughly the size of a Trader Joe's - with a few even smaller versions having opened recently.\nThe idea was for busy shoppers to pop in to pick up fresh produce and healthy prepackaged meals and then pay at one of the self-checkout terminals.\nWhile the chain has made inroads with American shoppers, that progress has been far slower than Tesco had projected.\nIn Tesco's third quarter interim management statement released Wednesday, the company reported that Fresh & Easy's same-store sales rose a slight 1.8 percent year over year.\nDepending on what happens to Fresh & Easy, the biggest economic impact would likely be a loss of jobs, said Kimberly Ritter-Martinez, an economist with", "ment of land. Teams must first understand how the WAPC defines this process. Surveys are required when:\nOne: any demolition, erection, construction, alteration of or addition to any building or structure on the land;\nTwo: the carrying out on the land of any excavation or other works;\nThree: in the case of a place to which a Conservation Order made under section 59 of the Heritage of Western Australia Act 1990 applies, any act or thing that;\n(i) is likely to change the character of that place or the external appearance of any building; or\n(ii) would constitute an irreversible alteration of the fabric of any building.\nThese forms of land development render contour surveyors in Perth necessary.\nAre There any Timeline Restrictions on Topographic Surveys in Perth?\nThe WAPC accommodates construction schedules, affording a flexible timeline on detail survey submissions in Perth. Teams have up to four years to submit findings for projects exceeding five land lots and three years for other projects.\nShould teams fail to provide their plans to the WAPC, the work of feature surveyors in Perth is then voided.\nWhat Should Topographic Surveys Include?\nThe work of qualified contour surveyors in Perth - such as Xcel Surveying - should include assessments of:\n- Pre-Existing Structures.\n- Adjoining or Adjacent Structures.\n- Retaining Walls.\n- Services (including manholes and valves).\nThrough the all WAPC planning guidelines can be properly addressed.\nIn Need of Topographic Surveys? Contact Xcel Surveying Today.\nManoeuvring through the many regulations of the WAPC is difficult. Our qualified team ensures simple surveying and precise results. Schedule an appointment with us today.", "Greetings! This is the official website for the GW2 Guild Thorin And Company [TAC].\nFull website access is only available to members in the guild already signed up to this website.\nFor existing members in [TAC], please register to this site by making a Shivtr account and then applying. Make sure that you choose the option \"Yes\" to already being a member, and please answer other questions to help give us feedback", "What is the estimated total time from order processing to delivery", "What actions have the school's parents taken regarding the grading issue, and what has been the response from the school's administration", "there. One, where is that smart money going? Should give you some clues on how you build your business. What is your service offering? Number two, it should give you some confidence that, hey, those with the money that are \u2026 that spend a lot of due diligence thinking about the future and financials are making a bet on our industry that\u2019s very positive. A different perspective is almost every interesting software company inside the space right now has been sold, especially now that Real Green has been sold. There are several others that have the newer offerings that have come on the market in the last four years. There are software companies that are \u2026 most of the new offerings are all catering to the really small companies.\nThe reason I\u2019m telling you this story from a software perspective is almost everyone now has raised a tremendous amount of money in our market, let\u2019s call it 10 million dollars. Or, they\u2019ve sold. There are very few software companies left in the industry now that have not been sold to big private equity or venture companies. Service Autopilot\u2019s one of the last. What this tells me, and I\u2019ve talked to a ton of these guys, is the very smart money is also when they\u2019re buying technology solutions, they\u2019re making a big bet on you. They\u2019re making a big bet on this industry. They think it\u2019s a massive growth opportunity. They think it\u2019s a space where it\u2019s going to grow in the next 10 years. Again, good for all of us in the business. Very smart money saying, \u201cHey, these are good businesses to be in.\u201d I\u2019m giving you a lot of detail here. I hope this is of value.\nAgain, what\u2019s that telling you? It\u2019s telling you to keep going in this business. It\u2019s gonna \u2026 It\u2019s telling you to figure it out. It\u2019s telling you to get on top of your financials. It\u2019s telling you to figure out your recruiting. It\u2019s telling you to figure out marketing because you\u2019re in an industry that\u2019s very attractive, that more money\u2019s coming into. What these companies are doing is they\u2019re either buying up our types of companies or now they\u2019re buying tech companies trying to get to you. They\u2019re \u2026 Because they believe there\u2019s a huge growth opportunity. I\u2019ll give you another little clue to think about in your business.\nA couple years ago now, Verizon did a study. There\u2019s only about 17% penetration in our market. What I\u2019m \u2026 that means is only about 17% of companies in our industry had moved to sass or cloud-based software, which is what Service Autopilot is, which the big money\u2019s coming in and saying 83% of the market is totally missing the boat here. 83% of the market is going to eventually make the move or they\u2019re gonna get crushed by the competition. They\u2019re making this massive bet that everybody using desktop software and just using QuickBooks and living in spreadsheets is going to move to a solution like Service Autopilot.\nI like to look for clues. Where\u2019s the money going? Whenever the money\u2019s going in a certain direction, it gives you some ideas on what you should be thinking. That\u2019s a clue that you should be thinking about getting your technology ducks in a row, being on the right solution that will grow with you from 100 grand to a million to two million to five, because moving technology is a pain in the butt. What\u2019s the money telling you? What are the clues? The clues \u2026 The money is telling you that you\u2019ve got to play a technology game even if you don\u2019t like technology. You need somebody on your staff doing it. If you\u2019re not, you\u2019re going to get crushed, and especially in the next economic downturn. That\u2019s my next \u2026 my second massive takeaway.\nMy third takeaway is \u2026 it\u2019s the same takeaway I have every year. Everyone\u2019s running around worrying about the wrong stuff at GIE. My \u2026 I know that my channel here would be vastly more popular I would talk more about equipment, and frankly, I need to do that. It would be vastly more popular if I talk about equipment. Why does GIE attract so many people? They wanna come to look at the equipment. I get it. It\u2019s cool, but who really cares in the broad scheme of things? I \u2026 It just doesn\u2019t matter at all. I love \u2026 I\u2019m a car guy. I\u2019m everything mechanical in terms of cars and things like that. I couldn\u2019t care less about equipment because it\u2019s a massive distraction. I\u2019m not saying you don\u2019t buy the right equipment. I\u2019m not saying you don\u2019t get the right terms on your equipment. I\u2019m not saying you don\u2019t utilize the equipment.\nAbsolutely, you need to know what the best equipment is. You wanna make the right buying decisions because for every \u2026 think of a piece of equipment as a robot. For every \u2026 A mower\u2019s a robot, even though it\u2019s maybe not a robot yet. A weed eater\u2019s a robot. A spray tank is a robot. There\u2019s this machine. They\u2019re a robot. What\u2019s happening is every minute that you use a better piece of equipment, it displaces a minute of labor a human being. It is critical that you get your equipment right because right now we can\u2019t find enough team members. If you had a piece of equipment that cut labor by 20% and you have five people, you\u2019d only \u2026 you\u2019d need one less person to run your company. If \u2026 Hopefully, you followed me on that. Yes, equipment\u2019s incredibly important. You think of taking a piece of equipment and displacing labor hours, so the better and more efficient your equipment becomes, the fewer people you need to grow. Unbelievable competitive advantage.\nBut what are most doing? They\u2019re running around looking predominantly at equipment, really excited about equipment, and they\u2019re thinking about equipment in their businesses. They\u2019re overbuying equipment. What really matters at the end of the day? Technology, understanding your numbers, marketing, building your leadership team, recruiting 24/7. Never, never, never stop recruiting. That\u2019s the stuff that matters way more than equipment. Where is your brain power going? Is your brain power going to equipment or is it going to recruiting?\nRecruiting is the number one bottleneck in our industry. If you don\u2019t solve recruiting, you don\u2019t have a business. If you don\u2019t solve recruiting, you don\u2019t win. If you don\u2019t solve recruiting, you don\u2019t get bigger. You have to solve recruiting. Where is your brain power going? If it\u2019s predominantly going to the next cool piece of equipment, the next cool truck, the next whatever, which I understand, then it\u2019s going in the wrong direction. GIE is a massive representation of thousands upon thousands upon thousands of people predominantly interested in equipment. It\u2019s great. Do that, but it should be a small piece of what you do and think about because of all the other stuff matters. Another piece of cool equipment, another piece of awesome equipment in your fleet is not going to grow the company. It might reduce some costs, but it will not get you to the next level. You\u2019ve gotta be thinking about all those other things.\nThose are the three big things that I see when I\u2019m walking around talking to people at GIE. Economy\u2019s booming. There\u2019s a downturn coming. Are you ready? Get all your financial ducks in a row. There\u2019s a massive consolidation in our industry. Big money\u2019s coming into our industry. They\u2019re buying up all the tech companies and they\u2019re buying up all the providers. That\u2019s a positive for you. Keep going in this industry. The money\u2019s coming into it. There\u2019s clearly a belief behind it. Get your business positioned so that someday, a decade from now or 15 years or someday, you could take your money off the table with a very nice sell if you wanted to sell the company. What are the clues of the big money? What are they investing in? That gives you an idea of what you should be building. Then the third one is getting your equipment stuff right. Pay attention to equipment. Build out a great portfolio of equipment so that you can displace as much labor as possible, meaning you need fewer labor hours. Do all that.\nThat\u2019s great, but keep your mind focused on number one, recruiting, number two, marketing, number three, financials. They shouldn\u2019t be in t", "was the only thing to do if I wanted to live,\u201d Doucet told the CBC. \u201cWe had no other means. Who else would protect us? There is only the police, the justice system. I went through that route. I begged and begged. They ignored my pleas.\u201d\nIn the video, Ryan denied the abuse.\n\u201cHer decision to hire a hit man to have me murdered was for her own monetary gain. Nothing more, nothing less,\u201d he said.\nHe said that during divorce proceedings, Doucet had undergone a psychological evaluation that limited her access to their daughter and led judges to grant him sole custody.\nProblems with her family, not with him, led her to depression and other mental health issues, he said.\n\u201cI wanted nothing more than an amicable separation and divorce,\u201d he said, saying he offered to split their assets and pay child support. \u201cI cared about Nicole very much. It is so hard to be deceived by someone after you put your heart and soul into that person.\u201d\nAt the end of the video, Ryan seems to speak directly to his ex-wife, telling her how he\u2019s been hurt by the ordeal, but finishing on a conciliatory note, saying: \u201ctime will heal everything.\u201d\n- Rob Ford's low-income supporters stand by their mayor. But, why?\n- Get pedestrians off Toronto roads to keep them safe for drivers: Hume\n- Ottawa\u2019s bill for extra legal services has soared over seven years\n- NEW Why politicians are muzzling the muckrakers: Burman\n- Holy Door opens in Quebec, the first outside of Europe\n- Bill would give Ottawa power to recall bad drugs\n- Not Pocahontas, not a super-Indian, not a drunk nor a slut\n- Repeated failures enough to drive Leafs Nation loopy: Feschuk", "down to the Millennials who won\u2019t have the same experiences working in the field. Augmented reality and virtual reality will offer new ways for Millennials to learn, using technology they are already familiar with.\nThe Field Service Software Strategy to the Resource Gap\nWith the resource gap widening, there is another option field service organizations are exploring more and more to get the technicians they need to fulfill the work they have. Many are turning to field service software that can help them with the hiring and on-boarding of subcontractors in order to outsource their work to the market. In fact, 76 percent of field service organizations outsource a part of the work their organization does, that doesn\u2019t just meet the growing demand, but also increases their coverage area, as they can move into new territory without having to hire full-time workers, while also being able to be flexible in their current offerings when demand fluctuates.\nSubcontractors allow a field service organization to offer more services than they have been able to before, without having to hire on new technicians, and with a field service software, they can be managed the same as any full-time technician would. Work orders can still be sent to a mobile app, checklists can be completed, work orders signed and returned electronically, while integrations to accounting software will ensure that not only is the invoice created quickly, but so too is the payment voucher to have the subcontractor paid quickly.\nField service management software also comes with the tools needed to better schedule your technicians for more enhanced dispatching, and analytical tools make it easy to start to find where revenue leakage is happening in your business in order to make adjustments, even with a short staff.\nCombine Millennials with Field Service Software\nCombing millennials with field service software is a winning combination, as a field service management software can drastically change how your organization runs, removing many of the manual processes, with technology that is already being used by today\u2019s Millennials on their own smart phones and tablets. It\u2019s embracing the technology of today as well as embracing the people and technicians of today and using the tools they know how to use. Service can be taught, and with changes being made that has seen the industry go to a more customer service approach, hiring Millennials with great customer service skills will go a long way to retaining customers in the future.\nAnd with the industry moving to more advanced technology, such as augmented reality, virtual reality and IoT, it\u2019s going to need technicians who understand how that technology works. And baby boomers will have to training in the new technology, which gives the Millennial worker the upper hand in not needing as much training and truly embracing an approach that has a field service software at the heart of an organization", "Ronnie G. Brown Jr. (born December 12, 1981) is a former American football running back. After graduating from Cartersville High School in Georgia, Brown attended Auburn University to play college football for the Auburn Tigers. He and Cadillac Williams shared carries at running back, while he had 1,008 yards and 13 touchdowns in 2002, 446 yards and five touchdowns in 2003, and 913 yards and eight touchdowns in 2004. Brown finished seventh in school history with 2,707 rushing yards and fifth with 28 rushing touchdowns. He twice earned second-team All-Southeastern Conference honors in 2002 and 2004.\nBrown with the Chargers in 2012\n|No. 30, 23|\n|Born:||December 12, 1981|\n|Height:||6 ft 0 in (1.83 m)|\n|Weight:||223 lb (101 kg)|\n|High school:||Cartersville (GA)|\n|NFL Draft:||2005 / Round: 1 / Pick: 2|\n|Career highlights and awards|\n|Career NFL statistics|\n|Player stats at PFR|\nBrown was drafted second overall by the Miami Dolphins in the 2005 NFL Draft. Brown started at running back for the Dolphins for the first four weeks of the season while Ricky Williams served a suspension, and shared carries with him when he returned in week five. Brown became the feature back in 2006 due to Williams' full year suspension. Brown sat out three games due to a broken hand suffered on Thanksgiving Day in a game against the Detroit Lions, returning in week 16. He played in the first seven games of the 2007 season before suffering a knee injury which knocked him out for the remainder of the season. Williams started over Brown in the first two games of the 2008 season, but shared carries with him after week two. Brown had 916 yards and ten touchdowns in 2008, which led to his first Pro Bowl selection following the season. He was placed on injured reserve for the second straight season after suffering a foot injury in week nine of the 2009 season. Brown rushed for 734 yards and five touchdowns in 2010, as he started in all 16 games. He played for the Philadelphia Eagles in 2011 following a six-year career with the Dolphins.\nBrown attended Cartersville High School in Georgia, where he was a three-year starter and rushed for 4,936 yards, 12 touchdowns.\nBrown moved on to Auburn University, where he majored in communications and played for coach Tommy Tuberville's Auburn Tigers football team from 2000 to 2004. He teamed up with speed running back Carnell Williams to create a premier running threat of speed and power. He redshirted after playing in the first two games of the 2000 season as he only gained 10 yards on six carries. In 2001, he played in 10 games and ranked third on the team with 330 yards on 84 carries and two touchdowns while catching seven passes for 109 yards.\nBrown enjoyed his best season in 2002 when he gained a career-high 1,008 yards on 175 carries (5.8 avg.) with 13 touchdowns while subbing for the injured Williams. He also had nine receptions for 166 yards (18.4 avg.) and a touchdown. However, in 2003, with Williams healthy and starting, Brown's statistics dropped as he carried the ball only 95 times for 446 yards (4.7 avg.), recorded five touchdowns, and had eight receptions for 80 yards.\nIn 2004, Brown shared duties with Williams and started seven games. Together with Jason Campbell, coach Tommy Tuberville called them the best backfield in the past 30 years as they led the team to a 13-0 record. He totaled 913 yards on 153 carries and scored eight times. He also displayed his receiving capabilities as he ranked second on the team with 34 catches for 313 yards and a touchdown.\nAlthough he started only 21 of 47 games for Auburn he finished his career ranked seventh in school history with 2,707 yards rushing on 513 carries while ranking fifth with 28 rushing touchdowns. Brown also had 58 receptions for 668 yards and two touchdowns.\n- 2000: 6 carries for 10 yards and no touchdowns.\n- 2001: 84 carries for 330 yards (3.93) and 2 touchdowns. 7 catches for 109 yards.\n- 2002: 175 carries for 1008 yards (5.76) and 13 touchdowns. 9 catches for 166 yards and 1 touchdown.\n- 2003: 95 carries for 446 yards (4.69) and 5 touchdowns. 8 catches for 80 yards.\n- 2004: 153 carries for 913 yards (5.97) and 8 touchdowns. 34 catches for 313 yards and 1 touchdown.\nBrown entered the 2005 NFL Draft and was drafted with the 2nd overall pick of the 1st round by the Miami Dolphins. Fellow Auburn University HB Carnell Williams was also in the draft and was selected with the fifth pick in the first round by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Brown held out of training camp due to a contract dispute and as a result was not successful running the ball in the first two weeks of the season as he rushed for only 93 yards on 34 carries (2.7 avg.) and no touchdowns. However, he got on track in Week 3 as he rushed for 132 yards on 23 carries (5.7 avg.) and his first career touchdown. He followed this up with a successful Week 4 performance rushing for 97 yards on 17 carries (5.7 avg.). But during Week 5, he had to again share rushing duties with another premier running back, this time Ricky Williams who was returning from a four-game suspension. Brown ended up having only about forty more rushes than Williams during the 2005 season, and was well on pace for a 1,000 yard campaign if it wasn't for them sharing the football. Brown ended up with 207 rushes for 907 yards (4.4 avg.) and 4 touchdowns while having 32 receptions for 232 yards and a touchdown.\nWith Ricky Williams suspended for the entire season, Brown entered 2006 as the feature back for the Miami Dolphins. The offensive line and offense in general struggled for the Dolphins, making it difficult for Brown to consistently produce at a high level. He had a breakout game on October 15 loss to the New York Jets, rushing for 127 yards and a touchdown on 22", "What steps has the St. Landry Parish Council taken or promised to take in response to complaints about the animal shelter", "carries. Three weeks later he rushed for a career-high 157 yards against a stingy Chicago Bears defense, helping the Dolphins to an upset victory of the previously undefeated Bears. On a Thanksgiving Day game against the Detroit Lions, Brown suffered a broken left hand from a hit by a defender's helmet. While he missed the next three contests, Brown returned for the final two games of the season and posted back-to-back 100-yard rushing performances against the Indianapolis Colts and New York Jets. In 13 games played, Brown finished with 1,008 rushing yards, 276 receiving yards, five touchdowns and a solid 4.2 average.\nDuring the team's minicamp in May 2007, Brown revealed that he is eight pounds over his listed playing weight of 232, and would like to cut his body fat from 12 percent to 8 or 9 percent. During week 7, Ronnie Brown injured his knee making a tackle during an interception return and was lost for the season. At the time of his injury he was leading the league in yards from scrimmage and was on pace for over 2,200 total yards on the season.\nBefore the 2008 regular season started, Tony Sparano, announced Ricky Williams would be the starting running back. During the first two games Brown carried the ball 17 times for a total of 48 yards and one touchdown. Before the New England Patriots game Ronnie Brown was made the starting running back and has been featured in the Dolphins' popular Wildcat formation, which borrows from former Auburn University OC Gus Malzahn's college spread offense. Since then, Brown rushed the ball 127 times for 557 yards and eight touchdowns. Brown also threw for a touchdown in week 3 against the Patriots.\nAlthough he split carries with teammate Ricky Williams, Brown still had a solid 2008 season rushing for 916 yards on 214 carries, an average of 4.3 ypc.\nFor the 2009 NFL season, Brown played and started in nine of the sixteen games of the regular season. During these nine games Brown managed to carry the ball 148 times for a total of 648 yards averaging 4.4 yards per carry. Brown also managed to rush for eight touchdowns. Brown in addition to rushing the ball managed to complete 14 passes for a total of 98 yards. During the 11th week of the regular season; Brown suffered a right foot injury against Tampa Bay and was placed on injured reserve. Brown's injury caused him to miss the remainder of the season.\nIn 2010, Brown became a restricted free agent, but re-signed with the Dolphins.\nOn August 2, 2011, Brown signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Eagles worth $1 million. It is reported that there are incentives in the contract that could take the value over $1 million.\nThe Eagles traded Brown to the Detroit Lions in exchange for running back Jerome Harrison and a seventh-round draft pick in 2013 on October 18, 2011, but the trade was voided the next day after Harrison failed his physical with the Eagles.\nSan Diego ChargersEdit\nBrown signed a one-year contract with the San Diego Chargers on June 8, 2012. After an injury to starting running back Ryan Mathews in the preseason, Brown started the season opener against the Oakland Raiders on Monday Night Football. While he was ineffective on the ground, gaining just 5 yards on five carries, Brown became the third-down back for the Chargers. On January 5, 2014, Brown sealed a 27\u201310 win for the Chargers with a 58-yard touchdown run in the wild card playoff game against the Cincinnati Bengals.\nSecond Chargers stintEdit\nOn October 7, 2014, Brown was signed by the San Diego Chargers, following a concussion suffered by Chargers' running back Donald Brown on October 5. The team had already lost running back Danny Woodhead for the season due to an ankle injury suffered on September 21, 2014, in a game against the Buffalo Bills. The team was also without running back Ryan Mathews who suffered an MCL sprain on September 21 in a game against the Seattle Seahawks and was expected to be out 4\u20135 weeks. Ronnie Brown played in seven games for the Chargers in the 2014 season. On December 20, 2014 (Week 16), in a game at San Francisco, he played an important role in a 38\u201335 overtime victory instrumental in keeping San Diego's playoff hopes alive. In overtime, Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers handed off the ball to Brown on six straight plays, as the team moved 22 yards to set up Nick Novak's game-winning fieldgoal. The next week, in the regular-season finale, he didn't record a single carry, as the Chargers lost to the Kansas City Chiefs and didn't make the playoffs. At the end of the season, the San Diego Chargers organization didn't offer him a contract extension.\n- Battista, Judy (October 11, 2008). \"A Wildcat Is a Tiger by the Tail for Defenses\". New York Times.\n- Darlington, Jeff (March 21, 2010). \"Miami Dolphins' Ronnie Brown is arrested for DUI\". Miami Herald. Retrieved December 29, 2010.\n- Pro Football Talk.com\n- Detroit Lions trade Jerome Harrison for Philadelphia Eagles running back Ronnie Brown MLive.com October 18, 2011\n- Rosenthal, Greg. \"Ronnie Brown agrees to one-year deal with Chargers\". Retrieved June 8, 2012.\n- \"After Cutting Three, Texans Sign Two Running Backs\". Houston.CBSLocal.com. August 11, 2014. Retrieved August 11, 2014.\n- Alper, Josh. \"Texans release Ronnie Brown\". Pro Football Talk. Retrieved October 1, 2014.\n- \"Danny Woodhead's season is over\". NFL.com. Retrieved January 26, 2016.\n- \"Source: Woodhead sprained ankle, broke fibula\". ESPN.com. Retrieved January 26, 2016.\n- \"Injury roundup: Ryan Mathews out 4-5 weeks\". NFL.com. Retrieved January 26, 2016.\n- \"Philip Rivers shines in fourth quarter, Ronnie Brown grinds in overtime for San Diego Chargers\". AL.com. Retrieved January 26, 2016.\n- \"Ronnie Brown Stats\". ESPN Internet Ventures. Retrieved March 12, 2014", "Why are topographic surveys considered essential for land development and construction projects in Perth", "bing the lead ny Neymar to make it 1-0. After the goal Mexico had chances but failed to convert them. In the injury time Roberto Firmino came off the bench and scored the second goal to finish the match off in style.\nMexico have been eliminated from the round of 16 for the 7th consecutive world cup.\nBrazil now face Belgium in the Quarter finals.", "The lucky few who get to hang at Zynga HQ talking Pioneer Trail will be chosen at random by the community team, led by Stumpgrinder. But those willing to travel to contribute to the discussion are certainly dedicated, especially considering Zynga will not cover travel and lodging for the event. (The company is calling primarily for folks situated in the Bay Area.)\nThe Zynga community team will review applicants that provide the following: forum name, real name, Facebook User ID, Pioneer Trail Level, t-shirt size (you'll get a shirt!) and their like and dislikes regarding the game. We imagine that players' proximity to Zynga headquarters wil", "change of format every inning. One inning might limit bat size, one inning might be kick ball and so forth. Kickball for players\u2019 children will also be provided and supervised.\nFor more information, call Jeremy Lewis, Tournament Director, 509-945-0148", "What are the main considerations when choosing between GeneratePress and Astra themes for page builder integration and pricing", "What was the final score of the Brazil vs. Mexico match in the Round of 16 of the FIFA World Cup 2018", "in, scalable, and also easier to market.\nBut I think WP Astra has taken it too far by creating a separate addon for just a \u201cScroll to top\u201d button.\nThese themes are indeed developed with non-coders in mind. But still, have some great features for developers to play with.\nFor CSS changes, both these themes come with custom CSS section (not to mention).\nThere is also a section for you to add hooks without touching the theme files. Thus, totally eliminating the need to create a separate child theme. You can add hooks to header, body or the footer.\nThere are also options for you to export/import the theme settings, and it is extremely helpful while creating your clients\u2019 websites without having to go through all those settings.\nIf creating a child theme is what you are looking for, then both GeneratePress and Astra themes support the creation of child themes.\nWith this, as a developer, you\u2019ll be getting the ultimate freedom to build something awesome upon the solid framework.\nCompatibility with page builders\nBoth these themes work great with page builder plugins like Elementor, Beaver Builder and, Thrive Architect.\nI\u2019m using GeneratePress with Thrive Architect plugin. The journey has been so smooth so far. The integration between these two is rock-solid.\nI can\u2019t really comment about Thrive Architect with Astra Pro as I haven\u2019t really used the combo.\nIf you are using Elementor, then both GeneratePress and Astra works great for you as per my observations. But still, Elementor has officially recommended GeneratePress on their articles. You can\u2019t go wrong with any of these.\nThe Astra theme has a good integration with Beaver Builder. Even the WPAstra site is designed using Beaver Builder.\nOn the other hand, Beaver Builder also works great with GeneratePress.\nIf you are asking me about Visual Composer, I\u2019ve never used this plugin mainly due to the extensive usage of shortcodes. But still based on the reviews I can say that both these themes work great with Visual Composer.\nAstra is built originally to integrate smoothly with page builders or at least they market like that.\nAlso, the Brainstorm Force team has a good track record of building plugins for page builders like Ultimate Add-ons for Beaver Builder and Visual Composer. So, if you are specific about how the theme performs with page builders, go with Astra.\nGeneratePress also integrates perfectly with all the page builders. In fact, it is the theme that I use on my site with Thrive Architect and also heard people recommending it strongly to use GeneratePress alongside Elementor.\nBoth these themes come with a dedicated modules/addons for Woocommerce integration. Please note that only when you have WooCommerce plugin activated on your WordPress site, you\u2019ll see the module options in the customizer page.\nWith both the themes, you can select the layout, alignment, and also choose the number of products to display on a single page.\nAdded to these options, with Astra Pro you can also select the order in which the product information appears.\nSupport and documentation\nBoth GeneratePress and Astra Pro come with one year of free updates and support. Both these themes have a ticket system where you can raise tickets for support.\nApart from the ticket system, both these themes have a dedicated support forum and a knowledge base.\nBoth these themes have a good knowledge graph. With GeneratePress 2.0 coming onboard, the knowledge base of GeneratePress is really growing than ever.\nBoth GeneratePress and Astra are freemium themes. Their free versions won\u2019t come with modules, support, and also many other features.\nIf you want the pro versions, GeneratePress costs $39.95 per year. WP Astra costs you $59/year. Both these come with usage on unlimited sites, updates, and support.\nYou also need to note that GeneratePress offers you 40% off on renewal, whereas WP Astra offers you only 20% off on renewal.\nIt is also worthwhile to note that WP Astra has a separate agency plan which sells for $249/year. It does include a bunch of extras like their addons for page builder plugins, and much more.\nWhereas, GeneratePress gives you the right to use their theme on unlimited client sites with their one and the only premium plan itself. They don\u2019t have a separate agency plan.\nGeneratePress is by far the most affordable option for you.\nHere\u2019s my final take.\nHowever, it doesn\u2019t mean that GeneratePress has fewer features. It has great features more than you may ever use.\nIf you\u2019ve seen the pricing section of this post, you can notice that the GeneratePress comes at half the price of Astra Pro for a user. If you own an agency, GeneratePress comes at a fraction of the price of Astra.\nAs documented in one of my previous blog posts, I shifted from FocusBlog to GeneratePress. Before making a switch, I was in a dilemma to choose between GeneratePress and Astra. I finally settled with GeneratePress due to its integration with page builders, popularity, and affordability. For me, the additional features Astra was offering didn\u2019t make much difference.\nAgain, if you forget the price for a while, Astra has a little edge over GeneratePress.\nYou can\u2019t really go wrong with either of these.\nAre the additional features that Astra offers worth the price? You are the one to decide.\nIf you are willing to buy any of these themes, make sure you do it through one of the above links and buy me a coffee \ud83d\ude42", "m or ?\nMy husband tells me my blood sugar was 37. But the worst part about this was that I realized that I could not have helped myself, if my husband had not been there?\nAnyone had a similar situation. Please share if you have?\nLet\u2019s be really careful, handling our diabetes with kid gloves. We want to be around a long time, right", "What did Ryan claim was the motive behind Doucet hiring a hit man to have him murdered", "The Gateway Sports Complex will host the 2018 Crazy Bones Softball Tournament on September 29th 30th. The coed tournament annually has 12-16 teams register. There will be a mix of local area and west side teams. The tournament's name is based on its\u2019", "What challenges are field service organizations facing due to the retirement of baby boomers", "What song did the author and their partner use for their first dance", "- Etihad Airways\nEtihad Airways is the National Airline of the United Arab Emirates. The airline was set up by a Royal decree in July 2003, with Abu Dhabi, the capital of the UAE, as its hub. Etihad started commercial operations in November 2003. ...\n- Consulate General of Pakistan Dubai, U.A.E.\nWeb site has information on consular services provided by the consulate (issue of fresh passports, visas for Pakistan, lost passports), trade, export used right hand car to pakistan and commerce with Pakistan, media and culture in Pakistan, schools f ...\n- Etihad Holidays\nWere delighted that youve chosen us to help you plan your break. Our experienced and well-travelled experts have developed an all-inclusive collection of distinctive holidays that will suit most tastes and budgets. If youre looking for a fun-filled f ...\n- Al Etihad Document Clearing\nNew business setup in Dubai. Setting up for your new business in Dubai, we provide complete help. Register your firm with all government departments including economic department, immigration & labor departments. We provide guaranteed local sponsors ...\n- Office One UAE\nWe are your office and stationery supplies store in Dubai, UAE. We deal in office stationery supplies, essential office machines, labels, labeling machines, furniture, technology, printer supplies and printers. ...\n- Office Plus\nOffice plus office suppli", "l be a deciding factor, too. But why would Zynga hold such an event all about one of its least popular games?\nSince its release earlier this summer, Pioneer Trail has been in decline, according to AppData. That's despite some hefty updates pushed to the game like the massive Ghost Town. Our guess is that Zynga is looking for answers as to why what was once one of its most popular games has lost its luster after what was supposed to be its revival. Check out the forum post here for all the details.\nWhy do you think Zynga is holding such a Pioneer Trail conference? Do you plan on applying to get a seat? Sound off in the comments. Add Comment.", "When did Etihad Airways start its commercial operations", "What types of services does Gurtz Electric Company specialize in", "What was Michael Ryan's reaction to the Supreme Court's decision to free his ex-wife Nicole Ryan", "What are the limitations of using Rytr for plagiarism checks and content generation", "What features differentiate Astra and GeneratePress in terms of theme customization options", "What are the key areas a business should focus on to succeed in the current industry landscape, as discussed in the text", "What is PlansAnywhere?\nPlansAnywhere enables field access to view all key site information, drawings, documents, and genealogy related to a building or structure by a geo-location. Your inspectors\u2019 efficient mobile access to information allows them to do much more in a day, and that improves community safety!\n\u201cAccess what you need, when you need it, as you need it.\u201d\nAccess your community built environment through a mobile solution that uses a location-based data model or \u201csite\u201d to organize information efficiently, process documentation and make informed decisions.\nPlansAnywhere lever", "What was the woman's blood sugar level, and what realization did she have about her health", "Hey. What\u2019s up? I hope you\u2019re doing great. Hey, I\u2019m gonna give you three takeaways from my time at GIE in October. If you don\u2019t care about GIE, you weren\u2019t there, don\u2019t let me lose you here on this video because the three things I\u2019m gonna say are what I believe to be really important and I don\u2019t believe other people are talking about them. I\u2019m gonna give you my unique perspective and my perspective comes from knowing hundreds and hundreds of companies in the industry that are doing anywhere from, let\u2019s call it, 150,000 a year to way over 10 million a year. I know a lot of guys doing over 20 million a year. Let me give you that perspective because it serves higher up. I work with thousands and thousands of companies. I know a lot of people, so I have conversations for four days in a row at GIE with tons of people I know that are doing really interesting things, running good businesses as well as a whole bunch of people that I don\u2019t know that are in the industry.\nLet me tell you what my takeaway is from the conference. Three things. Number one, our economy is booming. You know that. I don\u2019t need to tell you that. If it\u2019s not booming for you, you might be in the wrong market. There\u2019s something going on, but if you\u2019re not figuring it out right now, if you\u2019re not winning right now, then there\u2019s a systemic issue with your business. It could be business model. It could be pricing. It could be your ability to recruit team members, which every single person in every single industry is absolutely getting killed on right now. It\u2019s not unique to our industry. It\u2019s very hard in our industry, but everybody thinks it\u2019s unique. It is not even slightly unique. It is killing everybody.\nThe economy\u2019s booming. If you\u2019re losing right now, you gotta figure out why. You have to work on it because it isn\u2019t gonna get easier. If you are winning, or you\u2019re losing, doesn\u2019t matter, and by losing I mean you\u2019re just not feeling the growth, you\u2019re not seeing the improvement and profit inside your organization, there are three things in my mind you\u2019ve gotta be doing whether you\u2019re winning or not, because there\u2019s a downturn coming. We\u2019ve been in one of the longest growth cycles ever. We\u2019re in a \u2026 We\u2019re at the \u2026 reaching probably again a peak on the debt cycle, which means that things are going to have to downturn here at some point so that we can clean up some of the debt that\u2019s on the balance sheets of tons of companies around the country and around the world, all kinds of things. It\u2019s a bigger conversation. It\u2019s coming. We just have no idea when. Next year, year after, nobody knows. Can\u2019t predict it. All you can do is prepare.\nThe way you prepare is you know your financials. You look at your PNL. You look at your balance sheet. You\u2019re getting accurate data into your accounting system, whatever that is, on a weekly and monthly basis. You are on top of that so that you can produce good financials. If you\u2019re not doing that, and most entrepreneurs don\u2019t love it, I have historically not loved it \u2019cause you just wanna go, go, go, sell, sell, sell, market, market, market, but you don\u2019t really love paying attention to the numbers, you could spin your wheels for years here building this business that doesn\u2019t generate much profit, then the economy downturns.\nYour business takes a bit of hit. What\u2019d you do for those last many years? What\u2019d you build? You bought some equipment, paid it off maybe. Now it\u2019s old equipment. It\u2019s gonna have to be replaced. You didn\u2019t take any money off the table. You didn\u2019t really invest in infrastructure. You didn\u2019t really grow a leadership team. What really was accomplished in those years if, yes you were growing, but there was no profit really being generated? This is something to worry about, so you gotta be on top of your financials. That\u2019s the only way you know if you\u2019re selling the right work at the right price. The core of all of that is job costing.\nYou have to know, by property, how much you\u2019re making per man hour if you\u2019re profitable on that job. If you don\u2019t know, then companies like mine, which I got this right in the beginning even though I got a lot of my other financial stuff wrong in the beginning \u2026 companies like mine and companies like a bazillion other, let\u2019s call it, Service Autopilot members and a whole lot of other non Service Autopilot members that are super savvy, that are job costing their work are going to eat your lunch in the downturn. They are going to take work from you. They are going to win the new work \u2019cause they\u2019re gonna know exactly what they can bid that at to win it.\nYou gotta learn this stuff. I didn\u2019t know it. Took me years to figure it all out. It\u2019s not my favorite thing. I actually don\u2019t love this part of the business. I don\u2019t love the financial stuff, but it\u2019s where the money\u2019s at. It\u2019s where the growth\u2019s at. It\u2019s where the security\u2019s at. You gotta get your financials cleaned up. You gotta be on top of your job costing. If you use the right technology platform, technology solution, it\u2019ll give you those numbers and you\u2019ll be good. It\u2019s not hard if you\u2019re using the right technology to get those numbers. You\u2019ve gotta clean up your non-billable stuff.\nWhere is all the waste? You\u2019re driving too much. Spend too much time loading, unloading. You\u2019re spending too much time fueling. You\u2019re spending too much time buying drinks and snacks in the mornings. You\u2019re buying \u2026 You\u2019re spending too much time on breakdowns. You\u2019re spending too much time on missteps in that plants and materials and things and parts weren\u2019t on the truck and didn\u2019t show up to the job site. All of that is killing you. Every dollar you take from non-billable time and you re-bill it is all profit to the bottom line, that very last number at the bottom of your PNL. Unbelievably important.\nNumber two, big thing I\u2019m seeing right now that others are not talking about, massive consolidation in the industry. I have a unique perspective. There\u2019s so much money in the markets, so much private equity money, so much venture money, so much everything. There\u2019s so much angel money. There\u2019s so much everything money right now. People don\u2019t know where to put the money. What that is resulting in is you\u2019re starting to see more and more acquisitions inside our industry. You\u2019re starting to see more roll-ups. There\u2019s a resurgence, in my opinion, in interest in our marketplace for companies like ours. You need to be one of the top players in your market if you wanna sell someday.\nRight now you may be so small. \u201cI\u2019m just trying to make payroll. I\u2019m just trying to survive. I don\u2019t care about any of that stuff.\u201d I get it, but have a mindset that, \u201cHey. I\u2019m gonna build this thing. I\u2019m gonna know my numbers. I\u2019m gonna learn how to market. I\u2019m gonna learn how to sell so that, at one point, whatever my little market is, my little service offering in my market is, I could be a real player in my market. I could \u2026 Maybe I won\u2019t be a huge company, but I\u2019ll be a leader in my market.\u201d That\u2019ll position you someday to have the best chance of selling your company if you even care about that. I\u2019m not saying you should. In fact, I kinda don\u2019t care about it, but I\u2019m more careful about building a big business and having it be very profitable.\nIf someday, a byproduct of that was it was a very sellable asset, fantastic. That\u2019s a win. My bigger point here is there\u2019s massive consolidation in the industry. That means others with money that have a thesis on where the market\u2019s going and the economy\u2019s going and the world\u2019s going, are very attractive \u2026 attracted to our business right now. I think that\u2019s a very big positive for us. I think that\u2019s a very good signal to us saying, \u201cHey. We\u2019re playing the right game in the right market. Yes, we have a labor problem. Yes, we\u2019re gonna have to figure out how to solve this. Yes, we\u2019ve got some really challenging things ahead of us in the industry,\u201d but when the big money continues to flow into our markets and you should look at which service, which types of companies they", "Fat A\u2019rea bankers is actually associated with the major companies caused by \u2018returns with the 400 a billion penny as well as to up. Such agent enterprises a\u2019re known for their large-scale security measu\u2019res and other benefits they will offer to improve working feel on the people. We don\u2019t download a lot of excess fat to the this type of insides the industry c\u2019redentials. Your very own collapse side nevertheless must also meet the \u2018requi\u2019rements and to particularly \u2018related to \u2018renting the most wonderful \u2018rep. Like all acc\u2019redited set the business listed below a brokers as well as to dead people. Since most shoppers search on the internet data of business offe\u2019red on websites online want businessesforsale.com, it\u2019s easy the a brokerage to hang an email list, post an advert, look ahead to concerns and do nothing at all otherwise.\n- A unique sales agent be able to in the final analysis be the key to successfully promoting your organization and to getting to a higher level of your life.\n- Click on this link if you wish to selling an individual insurance company because insurance policies article associated with organization and \u2018requi\u2019re tool.\n- He\u2019s got constructed a name for all the themselves as trustworthy Phoenix businesses \u2018rep because of the constantly keeping the their customers totally knowledgeable about the whole system in addition to their p\u2019refe\u2019rences and also acting inside the the most effective passion of this his or her people, to be an agent want to.\n- Anything I love to \u2018really does with such interview was \u2018revealing insurance coverage associates in the case of simple close situation.\n- Some loan providers provides commission that a\u2019re scaled about length and width your own lending plans, while individual companies a\u2019re likely to hi\u2019re lenders any time your expenditu\u2019res \u2018really don\u2019t c\u2019reate the complete rates way too prohibitive.\n- C\u2019redit sco\u2019re rating broker sales have acqui\u2019red brutal match outside of business finance companies in past get older.\n- Delivery lenders a\u2019re normally \u2018requi\u2019red in your very own $600 billion twelve months transfer the marketplace.\nCustomer that wants a company will learn positive a\u2019reas of marketplace however me\u2019rely later a signed http://petites-histoires-de-jeux-anciens.org/./viewforum.php?f=42&sid=739f5faef433c0df1000974c71bce4af privacy placement and \u2018receiving monetarily certified, will it understand the concept in order to money description. I found myself introduced to utilize Tim from VR Company Businesses from the one or two other folks. I used him or her selling my own companies through the Towards the south Tampa along with his process is actually some terrific. Tim authorized guide me personally because procedu\u2019re for examining our businesses exactly what it\u2019s worth, So to unlimately found a consumer in order to been able to intimate the offer.\nThe industry Marketing Solutiontm Includes:\nDrawing within their business and also business event, it believ", "What types of cable assemblies does GSNetworks provide for customers", "t occur more often on kickoffs than, say, a receiver going over the middle, or linebackers and linemen clashing helmets in the trenches. The NFL would love to give the perception that they care about the players or the integrity of the game, but they don\u2019t.\nNow we have refs botching helmet to helmet contact and late hits on quarterbacks. I\u2019m not going through every play these refs have missed, it\u2019s been talked about to death, and it\u2019s sad. Nobody can be sure that if the professional refs were calling these games those injuries could be prevented, but the men currently calling the games aren\u2019t helping. But, none of this affects the bottom line on the owner\u2019s balance sheet, so none of this matters to the league. They just want to give the perception they care about the players by changing kickoff rules and releasing studies about concussions.\nThis is not about increased salaries or larger pensions for officials. This is about the NFL proving that they can run one of the most successful businesses in the world with or without the help of whomever they decide.\nI\u2019m not even sure these amateur officiating crews deciding games will get the NFL to realize they need the professional officials back on the field. It simply doesn\u2019t affect the owner\u2019s bottom line. Until people stop showing up to games or turning their T.V.\u2019s off on Sunday, nothing will change. Forget the integrity of the game. There is none. Whether the officials come back in Week 6 or next season, it doesn\u2019t matter; we will still attend our Holy Grail stadiums and worship in front of our T.V.\u2019s on Sundays. At least I will be. And the NFL knows exactly that", "GeneratePress and Astra are the most popular themes in the WordPress marketplace right now.\nIf you are using any of the popular page builder plugins, you should be using either one of the plugins.\nYou know what?\nEven, I went through the same phase recently.\nSo, in this post I will be comparing GeneratePress and Astra theme especially with regard to using it with page builder plugins like Elementor, Beaver Builder, and others.\nGeneratePress vs Astra - Which is the Best?\nEase of use\nWhen it comes to ease of use, both these themes beat every other WordPress theme in the marketplace.\nThese are the themes that have made complete use of customizer feature that comes with WordPress. You can see almost all the features these themes have got to offer in one single page, neatly organized - Theme Customizer Page.\nBoth these themes have a modular approach, that means set of related features are grouped as a module, and you can enable or disable unwanted modules to ease out your learning curve.\nAs a non-coder, you don\u2019t need to touch a single line of CSS code to make most of the visual changes to your site.\nEverything you need is just accessible on one page with live preview.\nI would give Astra a plus one, as the theme customization is a bit easy to use.\nBoth of these themes are very easy to use, the simplified settings and flexibility in these themes beats all the other WordPress themes.\nAstra is actually very lightweight when compared to GeneratePress mainly due to the fact that they are easy with queries.\nWhen you compare the page load speed of sites, Astra has a little edge over GeneratePress when used with an Elementor template.\nHowever, when Astra and GeneratePress are tested without any page builder installed, both got similar scores in Pingdom.\nIt won\u2019t make much of a difference, because based on the integration of themes with page builder and other plugins you use, the results for you may completely contradict with mine.\nBut, Astra has a little edge when it comes to performance. But that\u2019s not a deal-breaker for me.\nBoth these tools have very great features for you to customize the layout of your site. Let\u2019s look into them.\nGeneratePress comes with some features to tweak the site header by enabling you to tweak the width, alignment, padding and toggling mobile header functionality.\nThe GeneratePress also comes with the ability to set page header. You can set headers for individual pages, you can make the page header transparent, add video background, image, content or use all these elements in one go.\nOn the other hand, Astra theme comes with add ons like header sections and page headers. Inside the customizer you get the option to edit the primary header, add a layout above header, below the header and also make header bar transparent.\nThe \u201cAbove header\u201d feature is what I found appealing!\nUnlike GeneratePress, Astra comes with a separate \u201cpost type\u201d for creation and management of page headers. In that separate section, you can create site headers, page headers and also set the display rules.\nHaving a separate section for managing headers is much more powerful than setting page headers each time.\nGeneratePress comes with options to set custom text, set padding, and also select the number of widget areas in the footer bar.\nWhereas in case of Astra, you can choose among the available footer layouts, set custom texts for each of the available footer sections, and also select among the 7 footer widget layouts.\nBoth these themes have the same customization power when it comes to the footer.\nBoth these themes offer the same number of widget areas depending upon the site layout you\u2019ve chosen.\nWith both these themes, you can make use of multiple widgets in the footer bar.\nHowever, by making use of some plugins or coding, you can always register new widget areas. You can easily add hooks to both of these themes without editing any theme files.\nSpecial: With Astra Agency Plan, you have a section called Astra sites that essentially is a directory of dozens of sites built with Astra and various other page builder plugins.\nWith the click of a button, you can literally import the entire site. This is a great feature.\nIn color customization, both these themes are almost a tie. In the customizer page, both of these themes have the exact same control for color selection.\nThere are plenty of color pickers for you to change the color of every aspect of your site from widget title color to footer link color. Every visual aspect can be modified without touching even a single line of CSS for non-coders.\nI would still give GeneratePress an edge because it gives you the ability to tweak the colors of form elements, slider elements, and menu elements in precision.\nIf you have complex needs, you can always make use of the custom CSS section which both these themes offer.\nBoth these themes come with both free and pro versions. With both of the free versions, you\u2019ll get no access to premium modules/add-ons.\nThe GeneratePress premium version gives you access to 15 modules.\nOn the other hand, Astra Pro gives you access to 16 add-ons out of which 2 are yet to come.\nHowever, by looking at the sheer amount of modules these themes have got to offer, you can\u2019t just decide the winner.\nThe module-based approach in WordPress themes is on buzz for good reasons. It\u2019s like object vs function-oriented approach. They are easy to mainta", "GSNetworks provides custom ribbon cable assemblies to many of our customers for a wide variety of industry applications.\nWe have the capability and expertise to work with a variety of flexible flat cables (FFC) and termination options including, but not limited to:\n- Flat ribbon cable\n- Round jacketed and shielded\n- Twists pairs\n- Color coded\n- Ground plane\n- High flex,\n- High speed,\n- Split wires\n- Non- PVC\n- FPC (Flexible printed circuit)\nRibbon cable and harness assemblies can be built using standard IDC (Insulation displacement connectors) or ma", "nhanced beam polarisation.\nThe ILCSC/ICFA invited the WWS in 2004 to consider how experimental detector concepts could be developed while encouraging sub-detector R&D and promoting machine-detector interface studies. Members of the WWS organising committee held a diversity of opinions on how to proceed in responding to this invitation, creating a healthy, innovative effort to organise the path forward. This roadmap discussion became an intense topic of conversation and debate within the broader WWS as issues of detector collaborations and detector down-selection were considered.\nTo consider the efforts and advise on future directions, in 2005 the focus of the WWS on the detector R&D efforts was intensified with the establishment of a second R&D panel to survey the worldwide activities through a series of review meetings complete with external review panels. The reports of these review panels provided useful expert input to the various regional funding agencies decisions on R&D support.\nWith the formation of the Global Design Effort (GDE) in 2005, the WWS entered a new era. A vigorous worldwide accelerator R&D effort on the ILC was initiated, and the detector community felt the pressure to keep up. The GDE was planning the Reference Design Report (RDR), and the WWS led preparation for a companion, the Detector Concept Report (DCR), as well as volume 2 of the RDR, Physics at the ILC. The WWS community successfully produced the Physics volume and the DCR as companions to the RDR in 2006. At the same time, a new structure for organising the detector effort in a more formal setting was envisioned for the ILC. During this time, despite the increased focus on the ILC, the WWS organising committee maintained an interest in the Compact Linear Collider (CLIC) developments with ongoing representation of CERN on the WWS organising committee.\nThe WWS developed a roadmap for advancing the ILC detector effort in 2006 and 2007. The roadmap was presented to ILCSC and a discussion ensued on how to realise this plan. The concept of an ILC Research Director, advised by an International Detector Advisory Group, was invented. The ILCSC selected a search committee to recruit a Research Director. Sakue Yamada was selected, and during the period of his transition into the new role, he invited the WWS co-chairs (Fran\u00e7ois Richard, Hitoshi Yamamoto, and myself) to join him as regional contacts in his ILC Research Directorate. Initially, in 2007, this was envisioned to be an interim arrangement for one year, as the co-chairs maintained separate responsibilities to the WWS. But, as the arrangement, approved by the ILCSC, has worked to Sakue\u2019s satisfaction and as he has seen no reason to revise it, it has continued and remains as initially formed. When Fran\u00e7ois Richard stepped down as European WWS co-chair last year to be replaced by Juan Fuster Verdu, Sakue invited Juan to also replace Fran\u00e7ois as regional contact in his ILC Research Directorate.\nThrough these phases and transitions, the WWS has maintained a critical role, contributing to the strength and progress toward realisation of the linear collider through efforts such as those referred to above. It has in particular provided a unifying forum for our common goals with interest in all future linear collider options.\nThe WWS continues to play an important, complementary role to the ILC project-oriented work of the GDE and the ILC Research Directorate, and I foresee this to be true in the reformulated, future linear collider organisation", "What activities are planned for Neutrino Day on July 13 in downtown Lead", "Sorry, but I ran out of room, so need to continue here.\nI was not having a migraine, but a low blood sugar. This happened so quickly. It must have been within 5-10 minutes.\nI am quite sure this had something to do with my treatment earlier.\nJust an FYI, be careful after treatments like this. I think it may have changed my metabolis", "What are the dates and location for the 2018 Crazy Bones Softball Tournament", "What health issue did the author experience after their treatment", "New position created to help with retention\nA new administrative position is being put together to combat decreasing retention rates that have become a concern at UW-River Falls.\n\u201cThe position is quite common in many private institutions and increasingly visible among public institutions,\u201d said Provost and Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs Fernando Delgado.\n\u201cFor us, creating the position signals the University\u2019s and the Chancellor\u2019s seriousness about building and sustaining our enrollment at a time when we are ever more dependent upon tuition and associated revenues.\u201d\nThe retention rate that has been concerning administration has been slowly falling over the past five years at UWRF; last year, 68 percent of students were retained in comparison to the 73 percent that were retained five years ago.\nAlthough the percentages may seem unreal, they resonate with other comparable universities in Wisconsin like nearby UW-Stout who experienced a 70 percent retention rate last year.\nReasons for this can vary, but Student Senate President Bobbi O\u2019Brien, a transfer student herself, said that being involved was what helped her make a home at UWRF and that the \u201cfriendly atmosphere\u201d only helped.\n\u201cI feel really attached to this school, so I feel involvement has plays a huge part,\u201d she said.\nO\u2019Brien is a current member of a sorority and holds her presidency role with Senate.\nShe said one thing people could try to make UWRF their home as well is to get involved in something.\nDelgado said other issues could be with the finance challenges of being enrolled in a four-year university and \u201cacademic preparation and adjustment.\u201d\n\u201cWe did observe that after tightening out academic probation and suspension rules two years ago we saw a nearly 10 fold increase in the number of studen"]}