{"q_indices": [10, 67, 69, 50, 92, 113, 26, 107, 87, 102, 59, 4, 71, 13, 96, 0, 19, 78, 46, 1, 72, 57, 42, 48, 47, 43, 31, 81, 91, 76, 25, 51, 65, 123, 117, 55, 44, 105, 89, 90, 111, 103, 94, 108, 125, 61, 126, 58, 54, 115, 114, 12, 118, 79, 119, 36, 80, 86, 24, 101, 56, 6, 104, 82], "a_indices": [85, 53, 22, 49, 70, 33, 37, 122, 95, 35, 39, 110, 120, 121, 100, 11, 75, 97, 17, 5, 18, 106, 68, 2, 52, 15, 93, 41, 45, 21, 34, 66, 74, 9, 77, 73, 63, 28, 20, 83, 109, 84, 30, 27, 32, 64, 14, 23, 98, 38, 62, 88, 3, 112, 7, 60, 116, 99, 127, 40, 29, 16, 124, 8], "texts": ["What does the author suggest is a mistake when evaluating writing progress", "What does the ReFa Pro do when used in a warm bath", "llaneous Retail Employees:4 Gross Annual Sales (Revenue):452,000 Description:5 Star Collision Ctr is a business categorized under others miscellaneous retail, which is part of the larger category others miscellaneous retail. 5 Star Collision Ctr is located at the address 3309 South 12th Avenue in Tucson, Arizona 85713-5911. The Owner is Renae Jimenez who can be contacted at (520)882-0052.\nWas this article helpful? Yes -0 No -0Click here to Inform about a mistake21 Rating:\nLocation & access map for \"5 Star Collision Ctr\"\nClick here add new review about: 5 Star Collision Ctr (Business services", "The European Innovation Scoreboard provides a comparative analysis of innovation performance in EU countries, other European countries, and regional neighbours. It assesses relative strengths and weaknesses of national innovation systems and helps countries identify areas they need to address.\nThe report reveals that while the innovation performance of the EU is improving, progress is too slow. Many of our global competitors are in", "What advice is provided for organizing papers and documents on your desk and computer", "the ReFa Pro all over your body, especially in a warm bath. Really, rubbing anything all over our body in a warm bath sounds nice but this product actually stimulates the skin with a low electrical current from the comforts of your own home. So whether the product actually works or just works at getting you to sit in the bath for twenty minutes, we could get used to slowing down and rubbing ourselves nightly.\nIf you've got a product or service that you'd like to promote on Outblush, click here to find out about our advertising opportunities.", "What are the main specifications of the Oppo A57 5G, including its display, camera, storage, and connectivity options", "Effectively, you can\u2019t depart your personal residence in such an unpleasant situation, correct? It\u2019d appear to be a daunting job to repair peeling paint, nonetheless to your shock, the specialists offering painting providers in Sydney have give you 4 good methods by which you may rapidly fix your peeling paints like a professional. The flexibleness to be mixed with other water base paints is one other admirable attribute of gouache, particularly with clear watercolors. It has been talked about that gouache doesn\u2019t mix nicely with acrylics as a result of the paint will glob up, consider it as curdling, as cottage cheese. I\u2019ve under no circumstances had this drawback, however then I don\u2019t use a whole lot of gouache from tubes added immediately with acrylic paint, solely small portions. The best way I mix them works fairly nicely. Nonetheless, since acrylic dries as plastic with a slick floor, in an effort to paint gouache over acrylics, a skinny layer of fixative must be utilized to let the gouache bind.\nYou\u2019ll be able to do the equivalent issue with separate manila file folders. Or presentation folders with built-in pockets. Or these fat, accordion-pleated folders which have separate inside compartments, a masking flap and a big, constructed-in elastic to carry it closed. There are moreover organizational purses that work like moveable submitting cabinets \u2013 the inside is divided into separate slots to carry folders. Textured walls: There are numerous painting methods by which you\u2019ll create textures over the partitions and these aren\u2019t restricted to properties solely. Making use of paint brushes, stencils, block prints and so forth you can also make your workplace partitions look attractive and vigorous. From roller brushes to cabbage painting to wall decals the choices are quite a couple of. Textured walls demand excessive degree of detailing and have to be accomplished by knowledgeable professionals solely so it\u2019s best to positively select the apt painting contractor handy-over this job.\nAnd in case you need help, that is okay too.\nTender pastels are good to work with, but one factor they will need to have is a flooring with \u00c3\u00a2\u00e2\u201a\u00ac\u00cb\u0153tooth\u2019 (texture), like an artwork paper produced for pastels and charcoals, watercolor p", "on.\nAlso, Summer can neither confirm nor deny a bow-tie for the Johnson puppy pug is in the mail, while O\u2019Dwyer\u2019s PR Newsletter Publisher John O\u2019Dwyer reports top PR news headlines for the week.\nRead more about the PR Nation team, read our latest PR blog posts, and find out what\u2019s coming up on future podcasts by visiting our website, www.ThePRNation.co", "eted their PhD program or have one or two year of post-doctoral experience are sought by the NASA\nGoddard Space Flight Center in greenbelt Maryland. The duties of the position will include carrying out independent research in the area of solar energetic particles,\ntheir acceleration, propagation and impact on the planetary environments. Successful applicant will work in the Heliospheric Physics Laboratory in the\nHeliophysics Division and will be expected to support hardware and project work of the laboratory.\nThe announcement is for a term-hire civil service gs-12 or -13 position as appropriate by the applicant qualifications. The salary of the position is determined by the\nGS pay scale for the Wahington DC area. For details of the position and the application process, consult http://jobsearch.usajobs.gov/getjob.asp?JobID=77723291.\nOr contact Dr. Adam Szabo at Adam.Szabo@nasa.gov\nSpace Climate School and Space Climate Symposium 3\n30 Nov 2008\nSecond Announcement: Space Climate School and Space Climate Symposium 3\nThe Local Organizing Committee is pleased to announce that Space Climate School and Space Climate Symposium 3 are to be held in Saariselk\u00e4, Finland, in March 15-18, 2009 (School) and in March 18-22, 2009 (Symposium).\nSpace Climate School aims to introduce under-graduate and post-graduate students, young space researchers and any other interested to the basics of the key topics of Space Climate, including Earth's climate and Sun-climate relations, in a friendly, encouraging and inspiring atmosphere. Lecturers include, e.g., J. Beer, J. Haigh, D. Marsh, A. Ferriz Mas, J. Moore, K. Mursula, E. Priest, E. Rodriguez Camino, W. Schmutz and I. Usoskin.\nSpace Climate Symposium review speakers include, e.g., P. Charbonneau, K. Georgieva, A. Kosovichev, D. Nandi, V. Obridko, E. Priest, J.-P. Rozelot, A. Rouillard, A. Ruzmaikin, N. Shaviv, E. Smith, S. Solanki, B. Tinsley, and B. Tsurutani.\nFor registration and information on program, travel, accommodation etc., see <http://spaceweb.oulu.fi/spaceclimate/>http://spaceweb.oulu.fi/spaceclimate/\nWelcome to Lapland!\nfor the LOC\nUSO School \"Solar magnetism\" June 28 - July 4 2009 at Dwingeloo, The Netherlands\n28 Nov 2008\nThis school will take place from June 28, 2009 (arrival) until July 4,\n2009 (departure) at ASTRON at Dwingeloo, The Netherlands. It is\norganized by the Utrecht-Stockholm-Oslo solar physics collaboration\nfunded by the EC. Graduate students and recent postdocs with interest in\nsolar magnetism are encouraged to apply.\nThe course will be an intensive introduction into solar magnetism.\nTeachers and topics:\n- Christoph Keller: spectropolarimetry\n- Stefaan Poedts: MHD theory\n- Oskar Steiner: MHD simulations\n- ASTRON staff: LOFAR, Westerbork, JIVE (excursion)\n- Lidia van Driel-Gesztelyi: solar acitivity and cycle\n- Lyndsay Fletcher: corona, loops, flares, CMEs\nThe total cost of the school including lodging (shared hotel rooms),\nall meals, local transport, and registration is 500 Euro per person.\nA few applicants may be exempted from school costs. Travel cannot be\ncovered by the school.\nAll applicants are requested to email a description of their\nbackground, research interest, and motivation for attending the school\nto both R.J.Rutten@uu.nl and T.Aiouaz@uu.nl.\nGraduate students should include the name and email address of their\nsupervisor. The application deadline is May 1. The school can\naccommodate 25 students; the selection will be made in May.\nTayeb Aiouaz and Rob Rutten\nSterrekundig Instituut Utrecht\nThird Solar Orbiter Workshop\n28 Nov 2008\nThe Third Solar Orbiter Workshop - First Announcement\n\"Solar Orbiter and its synergies with future solar-heliospheric missions\"\nVenue: Sorrento, Italy\nTime: 25 - 29 May 2009\nDetailed information on the conference registration, abstract submission and logistics will be made available in the second announcement.\nThe solar and heliospheric science community plans to hold the Third Workshop on ESA's Solar Orbiter Mission in Sorrento, Italy, in May 2009.\nThe four unique scientific goals of Solar Orbiter are to\n- Determine the properties, dynamics and interactions of plasma, fields and particles in the near-Sun heliosphere;\n- Investigate the links between the solar surface, corona and inner heliosphere;\n- Explore, at all latitudes, the energetics, dynamics and fine-scale structure of the Sun's magnetized atmosphere;\n- Probe the solar dynamo by observing the Sun's high-latitude field, flows and seismic waves.\nThe workshop will be organized around sessions addressing these objectives and the instrumental approaches and observational strategies to achieve them with the envisaged payload. A specific focus of the meeting will be the exploitation of the unique orbit and vantage point of Solar Orbiter, linking remote-sensing with in situ observations. There will be a session devoted to operational aspects and to review instrumental and technological issues of the payload.\nInvited reviews and panel discussions will place the Solar Orbiter in the context of past, present and future solar and heliospheric physics missions. Comparisons will be made with other missions' goals, and synergies will be identified and defined.\nSpecific topics of the workshop are the:\n- Consolidation of the excellent and unique science of Solar Orbiter, in the light of the scientific results of recent solar physics missions and the perspectives of future ones\n- Complementarity of the scientific objectives of Solar Orbiter and Solar Probe Plus\n- Mission synergies with JAXA's Solar-C and NASA's SDO\n- Importance of Solar Orbiter for the development of the European and international solar and heliospheric communities: science and technology issues\n- Preparation of the ground for a global inter-agency international collaboration\n- Preparation for a possible competition in the Cosmic Vision selection procedure\nScientific Organizing Committee:\nE. Marsch (D), E. Antonucci (I), R. Marsden (ESA) (Co-Chairs),\nArnold Benz (CH), Roberto Bruno (I), Peter Gallagher (IRL), Richard Harrison (UK), Viggo Hanstein (N), Petr Heinzl (CZ), Jean-Francois Hochedez (B), Valentin Martinez-Pillet (E), Christopher Owen (UK), Javier Rodriguez-Pacheco (E), Helmut O. Rucker (A), Kanaris Tsinganos (G), Jean-Claude Vial (F), Robert Wimmer-Schweingruber (D)\nLocal Organizing Committee:\nE. Antonucci (Chair), TBD\n38th Scientific Assembly of the Committee on Space Research (COSPAR)\n26 Nov 2008\n18 - 25 July 2010\nCOSPAR Secretariat, c/o CNES, 2 place Maurice Quentin, 75039 Paris Cedex 01, France\nTel: +33 1 44 76 75 10\nFax: +33 1 44 76 74 37\nhttp://www.cospar2010.org/ or http://www.cospar-assembly.org\nScientific Program Chair:\nProf. Tilman Spohn, Institute of Planetary Research, German Aerospace Center (DLR)\nApproximately 90 meetings covering the fields of COSPAR Scientific Commissions (SC) and Panels:\n- SC A: The Earth's Surface, Meteorology and Climate\n- SC B: The Earth-Moon System, Planets, and Small Bodies of the Solar System\n- SC C: The Upper Atmospheres of the Earth and Planets Including Reference Atmospheres\n- SC D: Space Plasmas in the Solar System, Including Planetary Magnetospheres\n- SC E: Research in Astrophysics from Space\n- SC F: Life Sciences as Related to Space\n- SC G: Materials Sciences in Space\n- SC H: Fundamental Physics in Space\n- Panel on Satellite Dynamics (PSD)\n- Panel on Scientific Ballooning (PSB)\n- Panel on Potentially Environmentally Detrimental Activities in Space (PEDAS)\n- Panel on Radiation Belt Environment Modelling (PRBEM)\n- Panel on Space Weather (PSW)\n- Panel on Planetary Protection (PPP)\n- Panel on Capacity Building (PCB)\n- Panel on Education (PE)\n- Panel on Exploration (PEX)\n- Special events: Interdisciplinary lectures, space agency round table, etc.\nSelected papers published in Advances in Space Research, a fully refereed journal with no deadlines open to all submissions in relevant fields.\nTheory and simulation of solar system plasmas at the EGU 2009, Vienna, Austria, April 19-24, 2009\n19 Nov 2008\nEGU 20", "What is the main concern regarding Yoruba Muslims listening to scholars calling for the Oduduwa Republic", "eal with generating words, but they're a bit different, because a lot of that time is spent brainstorming and the words aren't part of the \"official\" manuscript), tedious revision (in which you return a tiring amount of times to the words you've already generated and decide to hack them out of existence or add on a whole bunch of new ones), polishing, I could go on.\nPoint is, I think it's a mistake to calculate your progress in terms of fresh words you write. I used to get frustrated when I didn't meet those 800 words and sometimes I'd even bypass necessary research or something else my manuscript needed at the moment just to squeak them in so I'd meet the quota. But, really, I was fooling myself and causing myself undeserved mental harm (not very severe mental harm, mind you, but you know what I mean). So now I go by time. Two-to-three hours of solid work on my story each day for five days a week, no matter what it needs at the given moment, will bring me ever so much closer to the completed/polished book it needs to be.", "What service does Pure Hair Design provide at affordable prices", "What are the educational qualifications required for the post of AVP & Relationship", "Two quick hits this evening before I run off to play football.\n1. If you\u2019re a PR intern reading this, don\u2019t give up. Keep making the coffee, pressing the button on the photocopier and binding those insufferable powerpoint decks that make no sense to you. Because there is hope.\nRoger Goodell, a former public relations intern (he used to process the clippings as well) has become the most powerful man in America\u2019s most popular sport. Now chairman (promoted from COO) of the\nNHL NFL, Goodell is 47 \u2013 that should give you plenty of time to", "wing the purchase: \u201cthe roof leaks so badly that water has gone through the whole building.\u201c\nWhen Houston architectural firm MacKie & Kamrath designed it for what was to become the commercial center of Pasadena in the early \u201960s, the challenge was to make something \u201cthat signalled the former Strawberry Capital of the World\u2018s transition into the era of manned spaceflight,\u201d according to the Chronicle\u2019s Lisa Gray. It became an icon in town \u2014 showing up on school report cards and in the logo for the city\u2019s chamber of commerce \u2014 and beyond, as a notable waypoint between downtown Houston and NASA\u2019s then-new manned spaceflight facility further south off I-45.\nLooking from closer up, you can see the corner holes in the building\u2019s cantilevered roof overhang:\nAlong with a few more openings closer to ground level:\nAs the building\u2019s namesake was acquired and re-sold over the years, the 2-story lobby offered branch banking under a variety of brands.\nBy the turn of the millennium, however, it was empty along with the office space above it.\n- Previously on Swamplot: Pasadena\u2019s Tallest Abandoned Building Could Soon Come Crashing Dow", "ch HD+ (720\u00d71,612 pixels) display with a 90Hz refresh rate and a 90Hz touch sampling rate. Under the hood, the phone has the MediaTek Dimensity 810 SoC, along with Mali G57 MC2 GPU and up to 8GB of LPDDR4x RAM. There is the dual rear camera setup that houses a 13-megapixel primary sensor with an f/2.2 lens and a 2-megapixel portrait sensor.\nFor selfies and video chats, the Oppo A57 5G carries an 8-megapixel selfie camera sensor at the front, with an f/2.0 lens.\nThe Oppo A57 5G carries 128GB of onboard storage as standard. The 8GB RAM variant has UFS 2.1 storage support, while the 6GB option offers UFS 2.2 storage. Onboard storage on the Oppo A57 5G also supports expansion via microSD card.\nConnectivity options on the Oppo A57 5G include 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth v5.2, GPS/ A-GPS, USB Type-C, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. Sensors on board include an accelerometer, ambient light sensor, magnetometer, and a proximity sensor. There is also a side-mounted fingerprint sensor.\nThe Oppo A57 5G packs a 5,000mAh battery that supports 10W standard charging. Besides, the phone measures 163.8\u00d775.1\u00d77.99mm and weighs 186 grams.\nFor all the latest Technology News Click Her", "Mar 7, 2012 9:05 AM\nMan oh man, do we come up with some strange products to share with you guys. At first glance, we thought maybe the ReFa Pro Platinum Electronic Roller ($380) was a gag prop from an SNL sketch. Turns out, it's the number one selling beauty product in Japan. And after watching the entire eleven minute video about how to use this product, we actually want one. After you get over the first fifty-two seconds of highfalutin prose, the video does a great job explaining how relaxing and beneficial it is to just sit there rolling", "Real People Home Improvement Loan assists customers to build, renovate or improve homes. This loan enables customers to buy bricks and cement, roofing material, plumbing material, doors and window frames, fencing and burglar gates, paint, paving, etc. Real People has also developed partnerships with building supplies retail outlets such as Mica, Buco, Builders Warehouse, Build it etc, this means that if the loan is approved, money is paid directly to the store to pay for building or renovation materials or goods.\nThis home improvement loans offers amounts from", "What are the main features of the Polycom EagleEye IV USB Camera for use with the Polycom Trio conference phone", "Her stuff isn't what I usually read: it's straight up historical romance. No werewolves, no steampunk, not even any psychics or prophecies. But I kept seeing her around the internet and she always had something intelligent and insightful to say. Even when she's criticizing, she's the soul of politeness. If you get a chance to read her blog\n, I highly recommend it, even if you don't like her books.\nOkay, so I have a crush on Courtney. Too bad she's married, LOL.\nHer books are set in the time between the Regency and Victorian periods because she feels that period of transition closely resembles our modern society, when technology is changing everything and nothing has settled yet. I find that fascinating, that she writes historical fiction in order to explore modern society.\nShe has a short in Heart of Christmas\nca", "oncology, adult mental health and hospice services. A state-of-the-art Intensive Care Unit and Ambulatory Care/Emergency Department were also recently dedicated. The hospital is fully accredited, with the highest possible ratings by HFAP\u2014a national accrediting body for healthcare facilities.\nClick here to visit www.methodistchicago.or", "The other day I was looking at myself in the mirror (again) when I started talking to myself. \u201cDel, you\u2019ve been working out for years, where\u2019s your six pack \u2013 why am I not ripped like a supermodel?\u201d Yeah, questions I shouldn\u2019t really be asking myself because it\u2019s not like I live in the gym or really been working out that hard or consistently anyway. So I should not be expecting the six pack results.\nin any case all this thinking got me thinking about success planning (yes I think too much lol). In my 30 plus years on this earth I\u2019ve accomplished a few good things in my life and I\u2019ve noticed a certain pattern in my behavior. It took me a few weeks thinking about this to synthesize my thoughts and ideas into 7 points and these are the points I\u2019d like to share with you.\nI\u2019m a very goal oriented person and every year I set for myself a few things to achieve or change, but of course some of these things never get done. However for the ones that do get done there\u2019s a certain pattern that\u2019s followed which leads me to success. What I\u2019ve come to realize just recently is that I need to formalize this pattern in myself in order to rise to even more consistent and greater successes.\n1. Clearly define your goal\nAll 7 points are important but this first point is the anchor. Michael Lee-Chin once said this at a conference, \u201cif you aim at nothing you will hit it with absolute accuracy\u201d. This little quote packs a huge punch, we need to be precise in our goal setting. Without question, you must know what you want and you have to be able to articulate it clearly, better yet write it down.\nExample: I want to reduce my body fat from 29.7% to 15% by November 19, 2014.\n2. Clearly explain the reason/motivation for your goal\nThis is all about the why? Why we do things is very important, it\u2019s the fuel in the engine that keeps us going when disappointments and distractions get in the way. Your goal has to have a purpose connected to it. We are emotional beings and everything we do is emotionally driven. Take a moment to think about this and you will agree it\u2019s true. All our successes to this point had an emotion attached to them, there is always a real emotional reason driving us forward.\nExample: I want to reduce my body fat so I can walk the beach with my shirt off and feel good about myself. I want to feel like a superstar.\nIt doesn\u2019t matter what your reason is (I don\u2019t think it does), however it does matter that you are honest with yourself. You have to be sure to tap into the right emotion(s), your true reason. If it\u2019s not the true reason your emotional connection to your goal will fade. Your car needs gas to keep going not cooking oil, but gas. Do not ever lie to yourself.\n3. Set a target time to achieve goal\nLinked to point 1, you need a timeline, this will also lead right into point 4 below. Besides being emotional beings we also think linearly. This whole process success planning is really about self programming. Fixing a timeline will get your mind working on the \u201chow questions\u201d before you even get to them. For example, losing five pounds in five days is way different from trying to shed five pounds in fiv", "catch up.\n2. There is no one better than Seth Godin at taking simple, real-life situations and turning them into marketing lessons that last the ages. In case you ever wondered about the disconnect between what marketers say and what the consumer hears, and then relays, then wonder no more.\nIf you\u2019re reading this in an RSS reader, I\u2019ve embedded a YouTube video. Click on the title to come through to the blog and watch it here.\nDo you represent a laptop manufacturer or retailer? Do you want your logo here? If you do, please email me!", "What specific challenge was faced by one of the hikers named Ken Knight during the Appalachian Trail hike in Virginia", "What services does Brennan Bail Bonds offer besides traditional bail bonds", "What types of finishes are available for the hygienic steel tubes mentioned in the text", "n feel Jo's hurt. It's like she punches you in the face as you read her story. Not all books can do this. I really wanted to give Jo a hug, even if it meant I'd get a beat down for trying. Her story is AMAZING.\nI love this book- even if the cover did nothing for me. I can't even imagine what her life would be like, but Donna has done a wonderful job of developing her characters and the story so it doesn't matter that I can't. I want to know through the words. I want to feel like I'm in the room with them as they watch American Idol for the first time and see it all happen- see that little notch in her armor happen.\nThe story kind of throws you in the beginning. Nothing is clear and everything is hidden and veiled in old memories and unspoken words. But as you go, it blooms for you. It offers you an amazing story that feels real and honest.\nThis is the kind of book you should read because it doesn't beat around the bush. It lays it all out of the line and tells you that it doesn't give two cents whether you care because it happened whether you want to believe it or not! I love that!\nIt's a great read. I definitely recommend that you read it.", "d to me as leather, which is misleading. I have a leather couch in another room that has lasted over 12 years with no issues. The rooms to go couch is NOT leather... It's some type of plastic/synthetic material which is now peeling off and flaking.\nIt is frustrating that I have paid over $1,000 for a couch that hardly lasted 3 years. Customer service has been no help. Potential buyers beware!", "Oppo A57 5G With 90Hz Display, Dimensity 810 SoC Goes Official\nOppo A57 5G has debuted as the company\u2019s latest model in the A series. The new Oppo phone is an upgrade to the Oppo A56 5G that was launched in October last year. It carries a 90Hz display and is powered by an octa-core MediaTek Dimensity 810 SoC. The new smartphone also comes with dual stereo speakers and has up to 8GB of RAM. Similar to the A56 5G, the Oppo A57 5G offers dual rear cameras and a 5,000mAh battery.\nOppo A57 5G price\nOppo A57 5G price has been set at CNY 1,499 (roughly Rs. 17,900) for the 8GB + 128GB storage variant. Pricing of the 6GB + 128GB model is yet to be revealed, though. The phone comes in three distinct colours: Black, Blue, and Lilac. The Oppo A57 5G is currently available for pre-orders in China, with its shipments starting from April 15.\nDetails about the availability and pricing of the Oppo A57 5G in markets other than China are yet to be announced.\nLast year, the Oppo A56 5G was launched at CNY 1,599 (roughly Rs. 19,100) for the lone 6GB + 128GB model.\nOppo A57 5G specifications\nThe dual-SIM (Nano) Oppo A57 5G runs on Android 12 with ColorOS 12.1 on top. It features a 6.56-in", "Donna Anastasi is the author of two non-fiction small animal books published by Bowtie press: The Complete Guide to Gerbil Care (2005) a popular how to breed, raise, and care for gerbils book and The Complete Guide to Chinchilla Care (2008) a chinchilla handbook promoting these exotic and intelligent creatures as companions, not coats. Spin the Plate is Anastasi's debut novel. The 2013 printing of Spin the Plate is a completely revised and expanded version of her 2010 indie-award winning novel: Living Now Book Awards (Gold Medal), Reader\u2019s Favorite Awards (Silver Medal, Contemporary Romance), International Book Awards (Finalist, Women\u2019s Literature), Best Book Awards (Finalist, Cross-Genre Fiction).\nDonna Anastasi lives in the woods of Southern New, Hampshire with her husband, two teen-aged daughters and an ever-changing menagerie.\n\"Jo is a survivor of a bleak and abusive childhood who roams the city streets at night as a powerful vigilante. Francis is a mysterious man she meets on the subway train. In this story, the average-guy hero battles to win the battered heart of the wary, edgy, less-than-perfect heroine.\"\nThis is a real book. You ca", "What is the educational requirement for the position described in the text segment", "Applications are invited for all candidates to fill the Quality Graphic Designer Job Opening at T & R Creative Pub (Pvt) Ltd\nWe are looking for a talented FEMALE GRAPH", "their parents. Multiple generations living in the same home is something that\u2019s on the rise, Appleton-Young said.\nShe said she believes this can be attributed to cultural values among California\u2019s diverse group of renters, and to the fact that modern home plans provide ample room to do this \u2014 with features like separate wings or dual master suites.\nFor those on the hunt, Appleton-Young recommends doing lots and lots of research. She said that there are more low down-payment programs than people might think.\n\u201cI think really being armed with the information of what you\u2019re able to do and then start researching the neighborhoods that you\u2019re interested in and arm yourself with data, history,\u201d she said.\nPatience in the competitive market is also something she advises.\n\u201cProperties are in high demand and essentially, they go very quickly and you still have a lot of competition from all-cash buyers and all-cash investors. It definitely is not impossible, but you need to arm yourself with the information,\u201d she said.\nIf you don\u2019t find what you\u2019re looking for, that\u2019s OK, Appleton-Young said, adding that flexibility is the third pillar of home buying.\n\u201cKnow what you\u2019re looking for, but also realize you may need to make some trade-offs to get into your first home,\u201d she said.", "Florida Bail Bonds\nBrennan Bail Bonds is one of the most well-respected, most trusted bail bonds service in the industry. Licensed and bonded in the state of Florida, Brennan Bail Bonds employs highly qualified agents who know all of Florida's county jails backwards and forwards.\nWhenever you need us, our agents are only a phone call away. We offer our professional expertise when you need us, 24 hours a day, every day, including weekends and holidays. Local law enforcement doesn't conform to a schedule and neither do we. When someone gets arrested, we know you are going to have questions. If there is anything you need to know, make sure you contact our office immediately. We can get your questions answered quickly and efficiently and help you get your loved one out of jail in a few, short hours. When you need bail, you need Brennan Bail Bonds!\nLet Us Help!\nBad things happen to good people. Some people have bad luck, personal tragedies, poor judgment or just plain mistakes. Lessons are everywhere, the key is to learn from them and not repeat past mistakes. It has happened to all of us. It doesn't matter if you are rich, poor, educated, from the streets, old or young, we all have moments that try our souls. If you find yourself in that position and you or a loved one has been arrested, your first phone call should be to our agency.\nIf you or a loved one finds themselves in jail, the need for bond will more than likely present itself. Bail is used by the court to obtain a promise that the defendant will return to court for their scheduled hearings. By doing so, the defendant is able to return to work and to care for their family and the county does not incur the cost of feeding and housing the defendant. There are several forms of bail. They include bail bonds, cash and a cashier's check.\nWhy Use A Bail Bond?\nIn most cases, a bail bond is needed for any of the following reasons:\n- Some people would rather remain anonymous and keep their names out of the public record.\n- Do not want to post a full cash bail because of the high risk of financial loss.\n- Simply do not have the amount of cash needed to post bond on their own.\nBail Bond Payment Plans\nIn Florida, bail premiums are state mandated. At Brennan Bail Bonds, our rates are set by the State of Florida at 10%. Call us today to see what options you have when it comes to financing a bail bond. We will work with you to create a personalized payment plan that fits your budget and makes it easy for you to make bail.\nMany people choose Brennan Bail Bonds because we offer the fastest, most efficient service possible in our industry. All phone calls are processed through our central location. We have agents throughout the state who can be dispatched within a few minutes of receiving your phone call. From the call center to the agent, we provide consistent and reliable service. Because of the way our unique system works, you will be able to communicate with the same bail bonds agent every time you deal with the court. We have several convenient payment options including ACH checks, cash, bank transfers, money gram, VISA, American Express, MasterCard, PayPal, Discover and Western Union. If you qualify, we also have different payment plans that may better suit your needs.\nContact BrennanBail.com to see how we can help you obtain a Florida bail bond. You don't have to come to our office if you have a fax machine. We can send you the required paperwork and once you have completed them, you can fax them back to us. We can also email them to you. We have even successfully completed bail bonds paperwork electronically over the Internet. It takes approximately five minutes and is FREE. Choose the option you prefer and let us know when to get started.\nFirst and foremost, we are a bail bonds agency. We do, however, offer other services to help our clients get the results they need. They include:\nImmigration Bonds - Brennan Bail Bonds has worked hard to gain the reputation of being one of the best bail bonds agencies in the state of Florida. We can do things other agencies can't, like writing immigration bail bonds. T", "ain relievers or local numbing medicines are used and occasionally a general anesthesia is offered (though it increases the medical risks of the procedure).\nA second option is the abortion pill or medication abortion. It can be used up to 9 weeks after the first day of your last period. An abortion pill is provided at the clinic and is followed with a second medicine, misoprostol, to be taken according to your doctor\u2019s instructions. Misoprostol will cause cramps and heavy bleeding that usually lasts a few hours. The procedure works 97 times out of 100 and a follow up appointment with your clinic is required. The price of the procedure can range from $350 to $650.\nThe range of non-physical side effects varies just as much as the side effects of giving birth. Depending on the individual, women may experience sadness, anger, or distress after their procedure. Studies that claim that women who have abortions end up with mental health issues later on in life are inaccurate and are often propagated by anti-choice agendas. There are many factors that can contribute to how you may feel after the procedure. While there\u2019s no way to know for sure what it will be like for you, remember that the experiences vary.\nIf you\u2019re unsure where to find an accurate resource about abortion procedures, Planned Parenthood clinics can provide you with accurate information and recommend you to one of their clinics or another health care provider that performs abortions.", "What techniques are mentioned for creating textures in painting", "Hygienic Stainless Steels stock a full range of hygienic tubes according to EN 10357/EN 10217- 7 (formally DIN 11850) in 304 & 316L stainless steel. Typical finishes include: polished OD and unpolished ID. Unpolished OD and ID is also available. Polished tub", ". The gradient was steep and unrelenting, carrying all my luggage, the bike moved no faster than walking pace as I ground the pedals round, wobbling with my weight. My whole body pulsated in the 40 degree heat and where fabric did not cover me, the sun stole what energy I had. My head pounded, telling me I needed more water but our supply was limited and I had no idea how long the climb would last.\nA milestone (or kilometre stone, as it really was) had told me we had 45km left to cycle. The number boggled my mind. \u2018But the climb,\u2019 something inside me demanded, \u2018how long is the climb?\u2019 I could not think of anything beyond the next 5km but I had 45km to worry about. What I really wanted someone or something to tell me, just a little further, only 2km left to go\u2026\nThere was nobody to rescue me, I knew that. Nobody could make it all go away. But something inside me still demanded to know how far, it raged, it would not, could not go on if it did not know how far. It was not enough for that each 100m I travelled, whether I pushed the bike or rode it was 100m behind me, I would not have to travel that distance again. But I could not believe that I would see the top of that mountain. I did not have the faith that each step or revolution took me closer to what I had set out to do.\nWhen I finally got there, cycling the last 100m in a blind panic, fleeing from the huge (in my mind) red and black bug that continued to harass me, I felt two things; relief and trepidation, because I did not think I could do it again. But heaving my way up Penang Hill in the company of those handy blue and white signs, I realised I relied on way markers way too much.\nI believe I need them in other parts of my life; my job, my relationships, the sports I enjoy and that thing I think of most of all, writing. I look for little signs everyday, especially when I am back home, things that will tell me I am doing ok, heading in the right direction. If I cannot find them and don\u2019t tell me what I want to know, I feel despondent. Take my job; wage rises, reviews, promotions, the attitude of my boss and other colleagues, the responses and reactions of customers I meet. One problem with this mindset, I realise, is that you come to rely on them. A second problem is that they might not really be giving you accurate information, there are so many variables out there. The third problem is that the mindset is like that of a child who looks for praise to affirm that the things they do are good. The fourth problem is that it is a poor and misleading substitute for faith.\nThere is a fifth problem. Its a habit. I have this bad dependent habit that is hard to break. And worse still, what I want to do most in life is to write; never was there an area of life so dry and barren of encouragement and so dependent on faith. Rejection and despondency spring up like brush in the desert and if they can they will snag all your inspiration and ideas and hesitant starts; if you let them. All there is the desire to do it and the faith to keep going.\nSmile and keep going\nMy trip and this blog have been part of that. I have found that the blog stats can suck me in, encage my habit. I can look at those statistics and be energised by a new follower (yes, just one will make me happy) and floored by a post that nobody read. But doesn\u2019t everybody feel that way? What is important is that you (I) don\u2019t give in. There are no signs, no measurements, no-one to tell me yes or no, just a hill waiting to be climbed and a blank screen waiting to be styled in black.\nThe next mountain, Gunung Brinchang, Cameron Highlands, Malaysia\nThis is a good time to say a big \u2018thank you,\u2019 to everybody who does read my posts\u2026", "Spring Office Organization\nIt can be easy to neglect the home office, especially if you are not using it to be a freelancer or have the need to invite clients over the house. A few pointers can help you organize the office so that you can have a presentable office space around the year.\nTips for Office Organizing:\n- Designate areas for your mail, computer, external hard drives, bills to pay, paper, envelopes, and etc. so they are easy to locate.\n- Make weekly spot cleanings to the deck. Ie. Dusting, cleaning the windows, tidying up the desk, an", "ping bag, and what I would describe as \"minimal food\". He was dressed appropriately for the conditions and water sources were widely available.\nKen was last seen at the Punchbowl Shelter just off of Blue Ridge Parkway on Punchbowl Mountain in Buena Vista, Virginia on Saturday April 25th or Sunday April 26th. His last known transmission of any kind was from the shelter on Sunday April 26th when he posted a short video to his website from his iPhone at roughly 6:30am.\nKen is a highly experienced backpacker and his skills in the wilderness are not in question. However, due to his visual impairment, it was noted that he was having difficulty finding the trail and staying on it. This hike was also particularly difficult and he very well may have attempted to hitch a ride out. Unfortunately, he never connected with his ride to the airport. It is also believed that he did not take a train or airplane home. Neither his employer nor his parents have heard from him. The Park Service and local authorities are initiating a search.\nIf you know the whereabouts of Ken or if you'll be in this area, please keep an out eye for him and let me know immediately if anything comes up.\nIf you're of the persuasion, please pray for him - it matters.\nPlease follow the discussion thread at Backpackinglight.com initiated by BPL President Ryan Jordan. http://www.backpackinglight.com/cgi-bin/backpackinglight/forums/thread_display.html?forum_thread_id=20748", "to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.\n6. Essential Physical Requirements: Must be able to stoop and pick up objects from the floor, file, etc, without restrictions. Must have full use of hand and arms to reasonably assist immobile patients.\n7. Essential Mental Abilities: Must possess clarity of thinking and interpretation, along with good intuition and an ability to anticipate the needs of patients and providers. Ability to organize and rationalize easily and quickly, is required\n8. Exposure to Hazards: Exposure to chemicals and disinfectants Exposure to bodily fluids, latex, as well as a risk to exposure of Infectious Disease.\n9. Hours of Work: Generally, 8-5, M-F. Some weekend work may be required.\n10. Population Served: All internal and external customers, patients and clinicians", "What is the name of the owner of 5 Star Collision Center in Tucson, Arizona", "What were the challenges faced by MacKie & Kamrath when designing the building for Pasadena in the early '60s", "What issue did the customer experience with their leather sectional couch purchased from Rooms To Go", "METHODIST HOSPITAL OF CHICAGO\n5025 N. Paulina St, Chicago, IL 60640\nEstablished in 1925, Methodist Hospital offers 168 licensed and staffed medical-surgical beds. A vast array of on-site physician specialists are available, including internists, cardiologists, neurologists, ophthalmologists and dentists.\nSpecialties include geriatric", "What is the ReFa Pro Platinum Electronic Roller and what was the initial impression of it", "What are the two main actions planned by the new owner for Pasadena's tallest empty building", "Who is the owner of 5 Star Collision Ctr", "e months. Time makes a huge difference on the methods you use to arrive at your goal.\nAnother key to consider, no matter your timeline your starting point should be immediate, you should always start now.\n4. Lay out a detail specific plan\nYou will never know everything (particularly if it\u2019s your first time driving at your goal). The necessity of this point is to get you to think of the magnitude of the investment required to get to your goal. These are the how steps, write down everything that comes to mind. If you get stuck, you could consider getting help, write down the possible resources you could go to for help.\n5. Identify the risk factors\nThis is a critical point, particularly for myself. As the saying goes \u201cgoals fail for lack of planning\u201d but I\u2019d restate it as \u201cgoals fail for lack of risk mitigation planning\u201d.\nIf you need to be in the gym at 6am, then you must be in bed early enough to get adequate sleep. What are the things/activities getting in your way of getting to bed early? Clearly identify these risk factors. If you are going to bed at 9pm but still waking up feeling tired, it could mean you were out drinking with friends after work or maybe you are not eating well enough. Maybe you need to get your health checked.\nMy point is, you need think this through careful and identify the things that could get in your way of driving to your goal and plan for a way around them.\nPeople fail for lack of risk mitigation planning.\n6. Identify resources for help and accountability\nAs the poem goes, \u201cno man is an island\u201d we all need each other. Seek sources of strength outside yourself, find a mentor, coach or an accountability partner or simply tell someone else about your desired goal.\nFor two good reasons you should not underestimate the power of this point. Firstly as mentioned before we are emotional beings and generally speaking we do not like to disappoint others or to publicly acknowledge failure. This reason alone will help us to move forward.\nHowever is this first reason is not enough, a coach, a mentor, whoever we seek out should serve as a source of strength and encouragement. It\u2019s even better if this person has done it before and can show you the way forward.\nIt goes without saying but I\u2019ll say it, please do avoid negative people and nay-sayers.\n7. Regularly review and adjust plan, and measure progress\nNothing works perfectly as planned particularly if you are doing it for the first time, so it\u2019s important to keep a close eye on your plan and progress on a regular basis. Over each cycle look for ways to tweak your plan, maybe you will identify new risk factors that you can now mitigate. Maybe your timeline is not realistic and you need to make adjustments.\nYou need to stay on it, keep it active and fresh in your mind. Share your progress with your supporters and build momentum. Reward yourself for small accomplishments.\nThe Lord said, \u201cIf as one people speaking the same language they have begun to do this, then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them.\u201d Genesis 11:6\nWe as humans are remarkable beings, with careful planning and executive we can can do almost anything", "What should you do if you encounter new risk factors while working towards your goal", "What types of collateral can be used for immigration bonds according to the text", "The new owner of Pasadena\u2019s tallest empty building has 2 items on its agenda for the 1962 structure: air it out and tear it down. For nearly 2 decades, the 12-story office tower at 1002 Southmore Ave. \u2014 originally known as the First Pasadena State Bank building \u2014 has managed to get by untouched by those who want it gone. (It came this close to vanishing in 2005 when the city issued a demolition permit for it, but a new owner scooped it up before anything went down.) In June, the city filed a lawsuit demanding that the property owner demolish the tower or reimburse the city for taking matters into its own hands. The defendant did neither, and instead passed the building off in October to the Pasadena Economic Development Corporation \u2014 which, having secured financial help from Pasadena\u2019s city council shortly after the sale closed \u2014 now plans to go through with the teardown.\nIt\u2019ll cost about $2.5 million to get rid of structure, the private development group estimates, after having negotiated the terms of its demise with various demolition and asbestos abatement contractors. According to the PEDC\u2019s meeting minutes follo", "hereby rallying round and praying for those that dislike them by heart and claiming to love their religion with mere utterances that never go beyond their throats.\nThese self-acclaimed Alfas know nothing about the evils being stockpiled by the chief executive officers and warmongers of the ODUDUWA REPUBLIC for their daughters and wives. We, therefore, urge these self-acclaimed Alfas to go and ask the Muslims of CENTRAL AFRICA REPUBLIC of what hell they have suffered and still suffering from the hands of THE ANTI-BALAKA CHRISTIAN MILITIAS in the country. But as for us, what we stand upon is that; Oduduwa Nation will not come to reality until the needful is done and every imbalance become balanced.\nTo this end, we call on MURIC and its director, prof. Ishaq Akintola, Islamic societies, and all Yoruba Muslims to shun the call of the greedy and self-acclaimed literate Alfas calling the Muslims to support Oduduwa Republic agitation. This is because; wherever war breaks out, the powerless who don\u2019t have structure will share the largest casualties and also bear the consequences whilst the angry thugs that have been sidelined by the literate ones will turn their angry faces to the powerless, killing and raping the powerless males and females.\nContent created and supplied by Hertheyshiner.Opera News is a free to use platform and the views and opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author and do not represent, reflect or express the views of Opera News. Any/all written content and images displayed are provided by the blogger/author, appear herein as submitted by the blogger/author and are unedited by Opera News. Opera News does not consent to nor does it condone the posting of any content that violates the rights (including the copyrights) of any third party, nor content that may malign, inter alia, any religion, ethnic group, organization, gender, company, or individual.", "What did the narrator prefer to do while traveling instead of going on organized tours", "What amenities are provided in the rooms at Dias Studios for guests during their stay", "What are the key specifications and features of the Oppo A57 5G smartphone", "What is the income requirement to qualify for the credit mentioned in the text", "What is highlighted about Seth Godin's ability in the text segment", "What are some tips for organizing a home office according to the text", "aper, and even high-high quality sandpaper. They don\u2019t work on easy surfaces as the pigment simply cannot adhere to them. Right here is learn how to create a texture with a newspaper. Apply just a few layers of coloration. Use white on one aspect of the planet on the very best layer. Crinkle up a chunk of newspaper after which brush it gently all through your paint. You need to use totally different provides like paper towels, sponges, and even plastic baggage to create completely different textures. Artists do not usually use brushes and other typical art instruments and mediums as an indication of respect for the spray artwork genre. Dwelling d\u00c3\u0192\u00c2\u00a9cor comes in varied types, shapes, sizes, and prices. But, there are a variety of points to ponder as regards to adorning your new dwelling.\nHave you ever ever ever heard of summary paintings ?\nThe second cause that pertains to the intimacy between artwork and enchancment of know-how is the invention of utilizing neon within the light. First, the acetylene torch, as everyone is aware of, was invented to utilize in the subject of development however when artists like Giacometti, Brancusi, and Henry Moore who used neon in lights and later made sculpture making in synthetic material doable. Many events on greater estimates, I am going to cross-confirm my painting bid from completely different angles by using two fully totally different estimating methods merely to ensure I\u2019ve it all collectively and didn\u2019t depart anything out of the large picture. Washes are extra widespread with oil pastels than with tender pastels. You need one thing other than water for this, nonetheless mineral spirits, turpentine or maybe a vegetable oil work excessive-quality. It is as simple as making use of pigment to the floor, then engaged on it with a brush dipped in your oil or solvent.\nRepresentative Publications: \u201cZhou Dazheng Paintings Assortment\u201d, \u201cZhou Dazheng Assortment of Oil Painting\u201d, monograph \u201cDunhuang Wall Paintings and Chinese language Painting Colours\u201d ; thesis \u201cPainting and Construction of Colours\u201d (revealed on nationwide science publications). Later it grew to turn out to be the rationale for the technological improvement to color the virtual actuality like the true world and nature", "What position is available at T & R Creative Pub (Pvt) Ltd", "Schedule your appointment today.\nIt's super easy and fast.\nFriendly, highly-skilled, experienced staff in this trendy SoWa boutique salon.\nWe love creating natural, lasting polished styles for you on your special day.\nVisit this page to see our awesome", "I bought a leather sectional couch from Rooms To Go. After barely three years, the so called \"leather\" started peeling off. I called the store where I purchased the sectional and was directed to the call support center. I was told that because it was after the 3 year warranty, there was nothing that could be done.\nThis damage is a result of defective material. The couch was advertised and sol", "IC DESIGNER to join our advertising team.\nPlease send your CV with your portfolio\nT & R Creative Pub (Pvt) Ltd\nQ No.95, 2nd Floor, High Level Plaza, Delkanda, Nugegoda", "When is the planned re-calibration of all full-disk MDI magnetograms expected to occur", "hese are somewhat different than traditional bail bonds and demand a 15% premium. The higher premium is due to the greater risk involved. Because of the nature of the bond, all immigration bonds require some type of collateral. This can be any number of things: credit card, cash, homes, vehicles or other forms of real property. We will gladly help you post the immigration bond you need. Call us today and talk to one of our professional Brennan Bail Bonds agents who specializes in immigration bonds. Contact our office at 888-354-9011.\nFederal Bonds - We can also write federal bail bonds. A federal bond is extremely rare, but there are instances where they are needed. Like immigration bonds, federal bonds are a much higher risk and must charge a 15% premium before they can be posted.\nWarrant Information - Our agents can help you determine whether or not you have an outstanding warrant. If you want us to check, you will need to provide us with the necessary information. We will need to know what type of charge may have been filed, approximately when the warrant was issued and lastly, what county was the warrant filed in. We can find the information by either calling the Sheriff's Department in the county where the warrant would have been filed or we can simply look online. There are counties who do not post information online. If that is the case, one of our agents would have to go that county's jail or call them and talk to a deputy.\nIf we do find a warrant, we will also be told if there is a bond attached to it. Once you know the bond amount, you will need to get with one of our agents and fill out all of the necessary paperwork. When the paperwork is complete and you have discussed the situation with your bail bond agent, we will make arrangements to take you to the jail so you can turn yourself in. Many Florida counties allow an agent to post bail as soon as the defendant is taken into custody. This is the quickest way to take care of a warrant.\nBail Bond Rates\nFlorida mandates a statewide, flat bail bonds premium of 10% of the total bond. Other states may offer a negotiable premium rate, but Florida does not. Their premiums are non-negotiable and non-refundable. If a bail bonds agent in Florida, offers a discounted rate, they are, more than likely, working outside of the law. By using them, both you and the defendant may end up in more trouble than you are already in. It's better to be safe than sorry. Paying the full 10% means you will be working with a licensed and bonded agent who works within the law and can protect your rights. If you have a large bond amount, we have payment plans available if you qualify.\nBail Bond Collateral\nCollateral is any property that has tangible value and can be used to guarantee a bail bond. Automobiles, signatures, stocks, jewelry, credit cards and cash are all viable forms of collateral. When cash is used to secure a bond, it is managed by a surety company or the bonding agency. It is held in a trust account solely used for that purpose. Credit cards can be used but a special fee may be applied to any collateral that mat be returned.\nPromissory notes and indemnity contracts are the two most popular form of collateral used in bail bonds. If, for some reason, the bond is forfeited, the signer of either type of contract would be held financially obligated to pay the full amount of the bail bond. Promissory notes and indemnity contracts are the easiest forms of collateral to use. Most often, they are used on small bonds.\nWhen property is used to guarantee a bail bond, it acts much like a mortgage on a home. Of a home is used as collateral, it must be owned free and clear with no loans against it. To use a home as collateral, we will have to know all of the names listed on the deed. We will request a title search and verify the equity in the home. Normally, the court requires the property be valued at 150 times the value of the total bond. After the case is closed and the defendant has fulfilled his obligations to the court, the court will record a satisfaction and release the deed of thee property back to the owner", "What is the stance of the text regarding the self-acclaimed Alfas and their calls for supporting the Oduduwa Republic agitation", "5 Star Collision Ctr, 3309 South 12th Avenue , Tucson, Pima, Arizona, Find Business services - Advertising, Credit reporting & collection, Mailing, Buildings, Computer\nArizona - List of United States Business services\n5 Star Collision Ctr\nCompany Name:5 Star Collision Ctr Status:Work State:Arizona Post:85713-5911 County:Pima City:Tucson Address:3309 South 12th Avenue Phone:(520)882-0052 Fax: unknown Email: unknown Contact Owner:Renae Jimenez Web site: unknown SIC code:753201 Industry group: Others Miscellaneous Retail, Business category: Others Miscellaneous Retail, Subcategory: Others Misce", "What are the key steps someone should consider for success planning according to the text", "Finding available and affordable housing in California is a constant battle for prospective homeowners. A survey conducted by the California Association of Realtors found that renters in the state greatly value homeownership \u2014 but they're faced with financial obstacles that prevent them from buying.\nNearly half of all renters said they hope to snag precious real estate in the future, with 10 percent saying they plan to buy within a year, the industry group's chief economist Leslie Appleton-Young told KPCC.\n\u201cThere\u2019s high value put on homeownership, but many are simply not able to achieve that because prices are so high,\u201d she said.\nEconomic uncertainty, steep prices and down payments are just some of the hurdles that stop plans for homeownership, she said. Of the 28 percent of renters who don\u2019t plan to buy in the future, 50 percent said they simply can\u2019t afford it. Twenty percent said they prefer to rent.\nAmong newcomers to the market are millenials. Appleton-Young said existing notions that they don\u2019t value homeownership are unfounded. The survey found that one in four millennial renters do want to purchase.\n\u201cThat was a little bit of a surprise that the number was so high,\u201d she said.\nMost young homeowners said they wanted to buy a big enough home to accommodate", "What positions is DBS Bank recruiting for in 2017", "What kinds of materials can customers purchase with the Real People Home Improvement Loan", "rip.\nGuests can unwind at the end of a long day and enjoy televisions with satellite channels. Business travelers will have access to safes and phones during their Pythagorio visit. Additional comforts include coffee/tea makers.\nEvery room comes with an ensuite bathroom.\n- Air conditioning\n- Wireless Internet access\n- Cooking corner\n- Mini fridge\n- Coffee and tea maker\n- Satellite TV\nDistances from Dias StudiosNikolaos Dimitriou Folklore Museum - 0.1 km / 0.1 mi\nSamos Pythagorion Archaeological Museum - 0.1 km / 0.1 mi\nCastle of Lycurgus - 0.3 km / 0.2 mi\nPanagia Spiliani Monastery - 0.6 km / 0.4 mi\nMonastery of Panagia Spiliani - 0.7 km / 0.4 mi\nTunnel of Eupalinos - 1 km / 0.6 mi\nAgia Triada Monastery - 1.9 km / 1.2 mi\nGlicorisa Beach - 2 km / 1.3 mi\nFolklore Museum of Samos - 2 km / 1.3 mi\nPaleontological Museum of Mitilini Samos - 4.9 km / 3.1 mi\nNatural History Museum of the Aegean - 4.9 km / 3.1 mi\nHeraion of Samos - 5.3 km / 3.3 mi\nTimios Stavros Monastery - 6.4 km / 4 mi\nMoni Timiou Stavrou - 6.4 km / 4 mi\nPythagoreion - 6.5 km / 4 mi\nThe closest major airports to Dias Studios are:\nSamos (SMI-Samos Intl.) - 2.3 km / 1.4 mi\nThira (JTR-Santorini National) - 193.6 km / 120.3 mi\nThe preferred airport for Dias Studios is Thira (JTR-Santorini National).\nDistances are calculated in a straight line from the property's location to the point of interest or airport and may not reflect actual travel distance.\nDistances are displayed to the nearest 0.1 mile and kilometer", "The Electronic Newsletter of the\nSolar Physics Division\nAmerican Astronomical Society\nVolume 2008 Number 25\nNeal Hurlburt, editor\nAnnouncement of MDI Magnetic Field Recalibration\n30 Nov 2008\nThe MDI team plans to re-calibrate all of the full-disk MDI magnetograms on or shortly after December 15, 2008. This results from an improvement to the MDI magnetic field correction map recently devised by R. Ulrich and collaborators. At the same time we will convert the FITS files to store values as floats rather than as scaled integers. This will double the size of the files, but eliminate concerns about digitization noise in the calibrated Level 1.8 magnetograms.\nWe also plan to calibrate the quick-look magnetograms and recalibrate the MDI synoptic maps. As soon as validation is complete we intend to apply the same calibration to MDI high-resolution magnetograms as well. Until now the high-res magnetograms have not been calibrated.\nThe new MDI magnetic flat field reduces the reported magnitude of the field at disk center by ~8%. The new correction multiplies the current calibration map [Tran et al., Ap.J.Suppl., 2005] by a factor that depends on distance from disk center, (4.15-2.82sin**2(rho))/(4.5-2.5sin**2(rho)). Polar and other limb field measurements are reduced by about 30% when compared with the current calibration. The new correction improves the agreement between the measurements from MDI and other observatories.\nMDI policy calls for Level 1.8 data products to provide data with the best current calibration. We recognize that some confusion may be generated by this change and regret any inconvenience. We do not plan any further changes to the data processing in the near future. Uncalibrated magnetograms continue to be available as Level 1.5. Note that Level 1.5 data are not calibrated for plate scale variations.\nhttp://soi.stanford.edu/magnetic will provide more details.\nFLUX v2.2 released\n20 Nov 2008\nFLUX v2.2, the low-beta MHD simulation engine, has been released as Free software under the GPL and is available for download at http://flux.boulder.swri.edu . FLUX comprises a C simulation engine and a Perl control interface for scripting and interactive manipulation of the arena.\nThis latest version introduces preliminary single-fluid plasma tracking, preliminary first-stage parallelization, and interpolation of physical quantities to arbitrary non-grid locations. FLUX's primary advantages remain its high CPU efficiency and its complete lack of numerical reconnection.\nThe authors gratefully acknowledge support from NASA's SHP-SR&T and LWS-TR&T programs.\nPOSTDOCTORAL POSITION AT THE UNIVERSITY OF SAINT ANDREWS WITHIN THE SOLAIRE NETWORK\n1 Dec 2008\nWithin the framework of the Solaire Marie Curie Network, a postdoctoral position, lasting 15 months, is available starting on 1st April 2009, or as soon as possible thereafter. We are looking for a candidate with interest in magnetic reconnection and coronal heating who already holds a PhD in solar MHD or plasma physics. Experience in analytical or numerical modelling of magnetic fields and/or magnetic reconnection are desirable, but not essential.\nThe Solar and Magnetospheric Group has eight staff members (Professors Hood, Priest and Roberts, Drs De Moortel, Mackay, Neukirch, Parnell and Wright), a Senior Scientific Officer, a number of Research Fellows and PhD Students. Links between analytical theory, numerical computations and observations are strongly encouraged. Areas of particular interest within the group include magnetic reconnection, coronal heating, particle acceleration, coronal seismology, MHD waves and computational MHD. The Group leads a national MHD Consortium in computational MHD and has a large Beowulf parallel computer.\nThe research of the appointee will benefit from the networking activities within SOLAIRE. The latter include network-wide research and research training, postgraduate schools, network meetings and complementary-skills courses. The Solaire network (http://www.solairenetwork.net) is a joint initiative of 12 European Universities and Research Institutes and a private R&TD company.\nThe selected candidate will be appointed with a full-time, fixed-term contract with their salary plus extras being paid through the Solaire EU network grant. Salary and social benefits are based on the applicable EU regulations, as well as the local regulations of the University of St Andrews. Following the European Commission rules, the total amount for this employment contract will be 52,875 euros per year, that includes salary, contributions (employer and employee) to national insurance and local taxes), plus a mobility allowance depending on the marital status of the applicant., plus a mobility allowance depending on the marital status of the applicant. In addition, the appointee will receive travel and career exploratory allowances in accordance with the European Commission's rules for Marie Curie Networks. Details about salary and benefits can be obtained through the contact address given below.\nAt the time of appointment, applicants must hold a PhD in solar MHD or plasma physics. The position is open to nationals of any EU or associated country other than the UK. Additionally, at the start of their appointment, the candidate must not have resided or carried out their main activity in the UK for more than 12 months in the previous 3 years (for exceptions to these rules please see further particulars). The University of St Andrews and the Solaire Network are committed to equality of opportunity.\nInformal enquiries about the position are welcome and should be made to Dr Clare Parnell, tel: +44 (0)1334 463706, email: firstname.lastname@example.org, or Prof Eric Priest, tel: +44 (0)1334 463709, email: email@example.com.\nThe group's website address is http://www-solar.mcs.st-and.ac.uk.\nFor general information about the Solaire Network please contact Prof Fernando Moreno-Insertis, tel: +34 922 605 314, email: firstname.lastname@example.org.\nPlease quote ref: JC110/08\nClosing Date: 23rd January 2008\nAlternatively, application forms and further particulars are available from Human Resources, University of St Andrews, College Gate, North Street, St Andrews, Fife KY16 9AJ, (tel: +44 (0)1334 462571, by fax +44 (0)1334 462570 or by email Jobline@st-andrews.ac.uk.)\nThe advertisement and further particulars and a downloadable application form can be found at\nPOSTDOCTORAL POSITION AT THE RUHR UNIVERSITY BOCHUM WITHIN THE SOLAIRE NETWORK\n1 Dec 2008\nIn the framework of the SOLAIRE Marie Curie Network, a position is available to carry out research at the recent postdoctoral level.\nThe position will last for 12 months, with a possible extension by another 6 months.\nTopic: This postdoctoral position is for a researcher with experience in computational physics and numerical MHD modelling. We are looking for a candidate with interest in solar and plasma physics, who will continue and extend our present numerical modelling of the physics of coronal mass ejections. In particular, the task is to modify our Centrally Weighted Essentially Non-Oscillatory (CWENO)-based MHD code to spherical polar coordinates and, subsequently, to embed it into the existing adaptive mesh refinement (AMR) framework ``racoon''. Basic knowledge of parallelization and C++ will be of advantage. The \"Fakult\u00e4t f\u00fcr Physik und Astronomie\" hosts the \"Lehrstuhl f\u00fcr Weltraum- und Astrophysik\" and the \"Lehrstuhl f\u00fcr Plasma-, Laser- und Atomphysik\", whose members have high expertise in the theory and modelling of space and laboratory plasmas as well as in computational physics. Their participation in various international collaborations involves frequent visits of internationally recognized scientists thereby providing a stimulating research environment.\nThe research of the appointee will benefit from the networking activities within SOLAIRE. The latter include network-wide research and research training, postgraduate schools, network meetings and comple", "Are you looking for a camera to use with your Polycom Trio conference phone to enable video conferencing? You probably want a camera that\u2019s easy to connect, easy to operate, and provides professional HD video.\nPolycom EagleEye IV USB Camera is just what you\u2019re looking for.\nIt connects using USB to the Trio Visual+ accessory, providing 1080p Full HD video, 12x lossless optical zoom, and full motorized panning and tilting functionality, which you can control using the included remote or the touchscreen display on the Trio. You can set presets for fast set-up of video conferencing.\nBecause of its generous field of view and pan-tilt-zoom functionality, Polycom EagleEye IV USB Camera works in conferences from small to large, from huddle rooms to conference rooms to board rooms.\nPolycom EagleEye IV USB Camera used to be called Polycom MSR Camera. Because it\u2019s no longer limited to use with MSR systems, they changed the name.\nSo, today, we want you to meet this newly renamed solution for professional video collaboration.\nPolycom EagleEye IV USB Camera\nPolycom EagleEye IV USB Camera offers a plug-and-play HD camera for video conferencing using the Polycom Trio conference phone.\nIt has been certified by Microsoft for use with Skype for Business, including support for the H.264 SVC video codec.\nHow to use it with Polycom RealPresence Trio 8800\nUsing the Polycom EagleEye IV USB Camera with the Polycom Trio 8800 conference phone is as simple as plugging the camera into the Polycom Trio Visual+ accessory.\nThe Visual+ enables video conferencing and content sharing using the Trio. Pair a Visual+ with a Trio by connecting the cables and tapping the Pair button on the Trio\u2019s touchscreen.\nTo pair the USB Camera with the Visual+, use the included USB cable, which has a Type B end and a Type A end. USB Type A is the most common one, the plug everyone thinks of when someone says \u201cUSB.\u201d\n- Plug the USB Type B end into the camera and the USB Type A end into the Visual+.\n- Trio should automatically discover the camera\nYou can now start a video conference just like you did before!\nDuring a", "What types of services does the hospital provide", "Dias Studios - Pithagorio, Samos\nEfpalinou Street Pythagorio - Samos1-877-662-6988\nTravelers to Samos in search of Pythagorio apartment rentals should consider Dias Studios, located close to Nikolaos Dimitriou Folklore Museum, Samos Pythagorion Archaeological Museum and Castle of Lycurgus.\nApartment accommodations come with air conditioning, televisions and safes. Practical amenities include kitchenettes and refrigerators. In addition, the apartment accommodation features a garden.\nWe show TripAdvisor reviews for new Venere hotels that haven't been reviewed yet\nCheck Availability at Dias Studios\n- Multilingual staff\n- City tour\n- Cash transactions at this property cannot exceed EUR 1500, due to national regulations. For further details, please contact the property using information in the booking confirmation.\nGovernment-issued photo identification and a credit card or cash deposit are required at check-in for incidental charges.\nSpecial requests are subject to availability upon check-in and may incur additional charges. Special requests cannot be guaranteed.\nFor the benefit of our customers, we have provided a rating based on our rating system.\nAccommodation highlights at Dias Studios include free Wi-Fi and air conditioning. In-room kitchenettes equipped with refrigerators allow you to save on dining expenses while you travel. A good night's sleep in memory foam mattresses will have visitors waking up refreshed and well-rested throughout their holiday or business t", "What must be done to connect the Polycom EagleEye IV USB Camera to the Polycom Trio for video conferencing", "What recent trend is observed regarding venture capital investments and SMEs introducing innovations within the EU", "What are some reasons a business might need to outsource their content marketing", "What are some essential skills required for effective communication in this role", "What are some sources where one can find more information about PR blog posts and upcoming podcasts related to PR Nation", "lled \"This Wicked Gift\" that explores dichotomies: price vs. worth, being valued vs. being loved. It's a sort of prequel to her Carhart series, although it's not necessary to read it first. I didn't even realize the characters knew each other until I was almost done. Her first novel is Proof by Seduction\n, in the Carhart series. Jenny is a fake fortune teller who uses her \"visions\" to give a despondent young man hope. Unfortunately, his cousin Gareth is convinced she's stealing the young man's money, and sets out to prove her a fraud scientifically. Cue the battle of wills, in which they each try to out-psych the other.\nMy favorite scene from Proof by Seduction\nSorry but you are not allowed to view spoiler contents.\nThe second Carhart book is out in October, and book 1 in her new Turner series is out in February.", "The scheme currently gives \u00a3500 towards the installation of an EV charge station. We also work closely with Tesla to install the Tesl aWall Connector.\nCawoods can also recommend energy saving products such as LED lighting, Voltage optimization, Hot water heating via solar PV.\nWe are also Loxone Silver partners for the smart home.\nCawoods can also provide commercial, agricultural, electrical design, installation and maintenance. Building a new house, office or an extension, ask us for a quotation.", "Why Yoruba Muslims Should Not Listen To Any Yoruba Scholar Calling For Oduduwa Republic\nOpinion: Why Yoruba Muslims Should Not Listen To Any Yoruba Scholar Calling For Oduduwa Republic\nDirector of MURIC, Professor Ishaq Akintola\nWhenever the expert and the wise individuals or group have any evil plan, the illiterates among them are hijacked, used to execute the treacherous plan while the illiterate literates are used to monitor the evil work. However, when their aim is achieved, the duo is dumped.\nRight from time, those who are usually sent forth to the war front are illiterate touts; those who have zero regard for blood spitting and have nothing good in their ambitions. The legacy has never for once changed and will remain intact forever that those who have nothing good to achieve in their lives are used in the war fronts.\nAs the chief executive officers of the Oduduwa Republic Agitators (O.R.A) are planning to tear Nigeria into pieces and turn it to hell for its inhabitants, so also the military wing (mainly illiterate thugs) with their renowned leaders are simultaneously warming up to give out what it requires; not knowing that they are working for those that will sideline and dump them in the latter days.\nWhat amazes us most time is not for those illiterates who can be easily teased with something little to cause problems. This is because it may either be because of their highest degree of illiteracy or lack of integrity and foresightedness. But what astonishes us is when you see the self-acclaimed scholars and clerics supporting evil agenda and you see those who cannot control their families effectively performing as if they are the leader of all Muslims in YORUBA LAND.\nThe fact of the event is that these self-acclaimed Alfas are innocents about the ongoing treacherous plan, but the little money they are teased with have turned their eyes blind to the glaring facts, t", "What are the reasons stated in the text for why someone should consider hiring a professional for content marketing rather than trying to do it themselves", "What types of abortion procedures are mentioned in the text segment", "discounts and promotions.\nTake a look at our portfolio to see how good we are.\nPure Hair Design provides the best hair salon service at affordable prices. Make an appointment today to hair salon South End Boston\nDesign and Developed by Rank & Grow Inc", "What period do Courtney's books focus on and why does she find it relevant to modern society", "What are the main themes explored in 'This Wicked Gift'", "What year was Methodist Hospital of Chicago established", "What are some of the main obstacles that renters in California face in achieving homeownership", "1. Education: HS diploma or equivalent required.\n2. Licensure / Certifications: CPR Certification Preferred\n3. Experience: 3 years previous medical / physician office experience preferred.\n4. Essential Technical/Motor Skills: Must have working knowledge of practical nursing theories and policies and be able to accommodate a moderate to fast work pace. Basic clinical mathematical skills required. Must be able to accommodate a moderate to fast work pace. Have excellent customer service skills. Must be able to operate within Microsoft programs such as Outlook, Word, and Excel. Prior experience in an EMR (electronic medical record) environment preferred. IDX experience a plus.\n5. Interpersonal Skills: Must be able to relate and interact with internal and external customers in a positive manner. Ability", "Who is the main character that is a survivor of a bleak and abusive childhood in Donna Anastasi's novel Spin the Plate", "I post regularly about the many kinds of contraception available for women interested in sexual health and preventing unintended pregnancies. There is a wealth of information \u2013 granted, sometimes misleading \u2013 about contraception options for young women and the effects and risks of various kinds of contraceptives.\nBut what about the effects and risks of a much more disputed and often inaccurately represented issue? Abortion.\nAs an advocate for pro-choice reproductive health and justice, I firmly believe that all women should have access to accurate information about abortion and the right to have abortions safely because women should have control over their own bodies. That\u2019s why I think it\u2019s important that young women be aware of all the misinformation that exists in the United States about abortions. Studies, clinics posed as abortion service centers, and reports often provide \u201cfacts\u201d that help to discourage or mislead women about abortions. While I have no intention of providing the many individual narratives of abortion experiences, there are some basic things to know about the procedures.\nThere are two kinds of abortion procedures. In-clinic abortions are medical procedures that cost anywhere from $350 \u2013 $900 and must occur within the first trimester. After 24 weeks of pregnancy, abortions are performed only for serious health reasons. Most women feel menstrual-cramp-like pain or more discomfort during and after the procedure. Typically p", "How has the author's approach to writing changed over the four and a half years", "conference call, if you tap the Camera button on the Trio screen, you\u2019ll find PTZ controls.\nDo I need to use the Polycom Trio Visual+ Accessory?\nYes. To use Polycom EagleEye IV USB Camera with Polycom Trio, you need the Visual+ accessory, which enables HD video conferencing and HD content sharing with the Trio conference phone for an all-in-one unified collaboration experience.\nThe camera will not work if you plug it directly into the Trio.\nIs the camera powered via USB?\nNo. Polycom EagleEye IV USB Camera needs to have its own power supply connected. The USB connection from the Visual+ will not power the USB Camera.\nAnything else I should know?\nYes. To use the EagleEye IV USB Camera with Trio, you must have firmware version 1.1 or later installed on the USB Camera and firmware version 5.5.3 or later installed on the Trio.\nWhere can I find the latest firmware?\nYou can find the latest firmware on the Polycom Support website:\nThe Trio\u2019s firmware is updated in the usual fashion, either through a provisioning server or using a USB stick.\nHow do I install firmware on the Polycom EagleEye IV USB Camera?\nIt\u2019s easy to update the firmware:\n- Download the firmware file. The file will end in gz\n- Copy the firmware file to the root folder of a USB stick. The USB stick must be formatted in the FAT32 file system and must have a USB Type A plug\n- Plug the USB stick into the slot on the back of the camera\n- Turn on the USB Camera\n- The camera will automatically start updating the firmware. The camera will spin and tilt while updating and the LED status indicator on the front will blink amber\n- When the light stops blinking, the updating process is complete\n- Remove the USB stick\nWhat else is the Polycom EagleEye IV USB Camera compatible with?\nAs of right now (Feb 2018), Polycom EagleEye IV USB Camera is compatible with the Polycom RealPresence Trio 8800 conference phone using the Visual+ accessory and the Polycom MSR Dock. It\u2019s also compatible with other Microsoft-certified Skype for Business room systems.\nIt is not currently compatible with Polycom EagleEye Director or Producer", "Mountains are big, to many they are insurmountable, to others they are a problem to be solved and a chance to learn.\nThe Thai hills between Phrae and Lamphang, best seen from a train\nThailand is behind us and we have moved on to Malaysia; first stop Georgetown. Georgetown has a lot going for it \u2013 culture, food, architecture, museums, Queen\u2019s Bay sunrises \u2013 but we decided we needed to do something more physical. So, we headed to the edge of town, to the Botanical Gardens to begin the walk to the top of Penang Hill.\nThe road heads up the hill just left of the entrance to the gardens and is clearly marked for walkers. But there is also a route from inside the garden, a series of steps cut into the humming jungle.\nThe jungle stairway, from above\nOver the last two months I\u2019ve realised that I need to DO something when I am travelling. Doing, rather than observing, allows me to feel more a part of the landscape or environment I\u2019m in. Of course I am still a stranger but I am interacting (even if this means sweating all over and gasping for air). For this reason I would rather walk somewhere, hire a bike, get a public bus (although on this day I was eating my words; we got the wrong bus, which meant a further two bus journeys, not much less than an hour each) or train. That is over an organised tour, where sights are flourished before me, along with the food, drink and t-shirts, before I am gathered up for the next experience; this should appeal to my lazy nature, but it only leaves me feeling empty and frustrated. So, the walk to the top of Penang Hill seemed like a good idea.\nMostly, these steps just go straight up and will not spare you. The path hits the road eventually, passing a rest area where macaques hang out, scrounging food from the locals and nursing their young. At this point, I believed the hard work was done. Sure, we had more hill to go, I estimated 3km of it, but the climb was on concrete and I\u2019d read somewhere that it was only the first kilometre that was really steep.\nOn the road, glad to be free from the suffocating jungle, we came across the first way marker. A small blue sign, printed with 1.6. I assumed this indicated 1.6km covered from the bottom of the road, and this conviction was strengthened when approximately 100m later we passed 1.7.\nThe markers climbed with us. The climb became a real climb, signposts indicating that the gradient was 30%, tendons in my legs stretched to their maximum, bent double, breathing hard, willing myself around the next switch-back; I realised I was relying on these markers. They told me I was making progress to the 5km summit. As I passed one marker, I could think about the next. Each time I saw a marker, my waining will was recharged a little and in spite of the sometimes laughable gradient, I was reassured.\nWay marker 2.3, a very reassuring marker\nAs I climbed, I thought more about these little markers. And found I was remembering one of the most awful and the most exhilarating days of the trip. It was the most challenging day of bike riding (although we could not comprehend quite how challenging at the outset), a distance of 110km from Phrae to Lamphang, crossing hunched, indifferent mountains to get there. I had done my research, several cycling bloggers who had beaten the path before us had commented on there being a number of hills, a couple recounting that there was one particularly long climb that took over one hour. With each hill we climbed, I was not sure if that was the big one, but hoped each time that it was. I became increasingly tired. But when the big one came I knew it. It was just after lunch, I was stood less than 1km up a climb on Highway 11 and I couldn\u2019t go on", "uld never, ever underestimate the skill it takes to write well, take professional photos, and create effective landing pages.\nWhy break your brain learning to be marginally competent at something you don\u2019t even really want to do when you can just hire someone who\u2019s already got it down?\nYou\u2019re not technically inclined\nBelieve it or not, creating a solid content marketing campaign is actually a pretty technical beast. You\u2019ve got to have a good handle of analytics data and you should also be able to update an open-source blog, manage your Twitter account, and properly size photographs. Oh, you didn\u2019t go to school for graphic design or development? Then you\u2019re probably going to need some help when it comes to effectively managing a content campaign.\nYour time is better-spent elsewhere\nWhether you run a small company or a big business, you\u2019ve got lots of stuff to do. Odds are, thing like HR and advertising and payroll likely need more of your attention and creating good content is inevitably going to take a lot of focused time.\nIf you think your business needs your talents somewhere else, outsource some of your content needs. After all, if you barely know how to add two-and-two you wouldn\u2019t try to do your own business taxes, right?\nAbout the author: Ryan Currie is a product manager at BizShark.com, with 5 years experience in online marketing and product development. In addition to web related businesses, he also enjoys the latest news and information on emerging technologies and open source projects.", "I've written on and off all my life, but I got serious about writing about four and a half years ago. And by serious I mean I wanted to learn as much about the craft as I possibly could, and made sure to write consistently - if not on a daily basis, then at least on a weekly basis.\nI have to admit that at first I was obsessed with word count, including the number of words I generated every time I sat down to write. I kept a word log in which I'd tally how many words I wrote each day, and my goal was at least 800 words, five days a week (so about 4,000 words a week).\nFour and a half years later, I have an entirely different approach. I still log my words, just because it's kind of fun and makes me feel like I'm being productive. But in reality I have switched to logging time instead. Because there's so much more to writing than just the words you generate. There's doing research for settings/characters, creating and filling out character sketches, building and fleshing out worlds in separate documents (OK, those last two d", "What challenges was Ken facing during his hike on Punchbowl Mountain", "What kinds of anesthesia can be used during an abortion procedure", "What financial support does the scheme offer for the installation of an EV charge station", "What concerns did journalist Scott Nover address in his article about the White House press briefings", "What materials make up the 'Rooms to Go' couch that the author criticized", "a minimum of R1,000 to a maximum of R100,000 with repayment periods of up to 48 months. Customers enjoy a quick and easy application process and credit life insurance which covers you in case of death, disability or retrenchment.\nTo qualify for this credit, one needs to be permanently employed, self employed or employed under contract, earn a salary of at least R2,000 per month and have the salary electronically deposited into a bank account and the customer must be between the ages of 18 and 64 years old.\nTo apply for a Home Improvement Loan, SMS HOME to 44153", "What type of protection is provided for the tubes in this segment", "What thoughts did the reviewer express about the impact of Jo's story in the book", "Cawoods Electricians can satisfy all your electrical requirements. From a simple lighting fault, extra socket or a complete rewire. Cawoods are also Solar PV experts having installed renewable electrical generators for some 9 years.\nCawoods are also Tesla Powerwall 2 partners and can offer some of the best prices for supply and installation.\nCawoods are OLEV registered for the government grant towards Home Electric Vehicle Charge Station Installation (EVHS) and the (WCS) Workplace Charge scheme.", "d putting papers away\n- Keep your personal and business papers separate.\n- Naming conventions for the files on your computer. If you are having trouble finding certain documents having a naming convention will be very useful and you will be able to find documents faster.\n- Pick up the papers around the desk so that you can start the next day with a clean desk every morning. Look at it as your space that is for business life not personal.\n- Keep the cords tucked away so the cables for the computer, printer, scanner, etc are not entirely visible.", "What types of electrical services does Cawoods Electricians offer", "creasing their innovation performance at a much faster pace, and within the EU, performance gaps remain wide. While we are making good progress in education and research as well as in broadband infrastructure and ICT training, venture capital investments and the number of SMEs introducing innovations are declining strongly. Lifelong learning \u2013 essential to empowering citizens in a rapidly changing world \u2013 is stagnating.\nSee it here", "What reasons does Appleton-Young provide for the rise of multiple generations living in the same home in California", "What kind of styles does the staff at the SoWa boutique salon love to create", "What figurative lesson does the author learn from their climbing experience in relation to their personal and professional life", "Content Marketing is no longer just a buzz-term, it\u2019s a necessity for brand building, and it\u2019s not as easy as a lot of people think. There are plenty of reasons your business needs content marketing but knowing that and having the resources to get it done are two different matters.\nHere are five reasons to outsource your content marketing.\nSometimes an objective perspective is what you need\nThere are some things you want to outsource and some things you don\u2019t. When it comes to creativity, you should never let someone outside the company tell you how you want your business to be perceived. That\u2019s your job!\nBut sometimes you need someone without the rose-coloured glasses to tell you the truth about how you\u2019re failing, what you can do better, and what\u2019s really striking a chord with your audience.\nYou don\u2019t have the time to immerse yourself in industry content\nContent marketing only really works when you know what you\u2019re up against. To be effective at creating content that\u2019s viral, interesting, and relevant you need to be constantly reading blogs, analyzing data, and studying what other people in the industry are doing.\nIf you don\u2019t have the time (or the interest) in making this kind of investment you should probably outsource at least some of your content needs.\nYou can\u2019t do all the things\nYour content (blog posts, Instagram photos, white papers, etc.) is only going to be effective if it\u2019s good! There\u2019s so much clutter on the web you\u2019ve got to spend a lot of time creating the good stuff and you sho", "What amenities are included in the apartment accommodations at Dias Studios", "What does the European Innovation Scoreboard analyze and how does it assist countries", "What are some methods mentioned for fixing peeling paints like a professional", "DBS Bank recruitment 2017-Apply online\nDBS Bank has been inviting Indian citizens for AVP & Relationship.The full details regarding recruit notification given below.Download or Visit notification from the link provided in this Job recruitment article.Candidates Who are looking to start career at DBS Bank.can apply for current openings at DBS Bank.\nTo manage and sustain a portfolio of Corporate customers, building long term relationships founded on efficient and reliable support for their business. This is to be achieved particularly through quick risk decisions and m", "anaging consistency and quality of operational service. To drive and deliver exceptional business performance where primary objective is to maximize the risk-adjusted portfolio contribution from both new & existing customers while increasing wallet share.\nPost Name : AVP & Relationship\nEducational Qualification : MBA or CA with relevant number of years of experience in corporate,Location :India-Delhi-New Delhi,Age Limit : NA ,Nationality : Indian,\nSelection Process : Selection will be based on Personal interview.\nOpening Date: 13-09-2017,Last date: As Soon as Possibl", "e is supplied in plastic sleeves with capped ends to protect the tube and the OD finish. We can supply un-annealed tubes ex-stock and annealed tube is available on request.\nTubes have a smooth clean and crevice free bore. US 3A ASTM A270 supplied on request.", "What are the duties of the position available at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center", "Does anyone care that the White House has held just one press briefing since January 28, 2019? Journalist Scott Nover asked the question in an article for Washington Post Magazine, and tells Robert what he found. The two also discuss whether PR pros outside Washington, D.C. should worry that traditional media access is stifled by the Trump Administrati", "What type of candidate is T & R Creative Pub (Pvt) Ltd seeking for the Quality Graphic Designer job opening", "What advice is given to PR interns in the text segment", "As noted in my earlier blog, I was on an Appalachian Trail hike in Virginia this past week and ended up leaving early due to injury. This was a hike of approximately 18 people, and of the original 18, only 7 ended up being able to finish. The rest of us needed to find our own way out and possibly home which was something we all realized was a possibility as this was an \"individual\" hiking opportunity that just happened to be with a group of like-minded folks who attempted to be on the trail at the same time. Although we had an itinerary and hoped to be able to stay together as a group merely to enjoy one another's company, the reality was that everyone went at their own pace and continued at their own discretion.\nUnfortunately, it appears as though one of the hikers in our group never made it out. Preliminary efforts to track him down have been unsuccessful and this blog was only posted after it became a serious reality that he may be missing.\nThe hiker is Ken Knight, a visually impaired hiker from Michigan. Ken is also the voice on numerous podcasts from Backpackinglight.com and the author of http://awanderingknight.blogspot.com/ and http://wanderingknight.libsyn.com/.\nKen is approximately 5'4\" and is 41 years old. He has brown hair, brown eyes, and a brown beard. The picture in this blog is an accurate depiction as it was taken on this hike. Ken had a blaze orange backpack which also worked as a dry bag. He had a tent, slee"]}