{"q_indices": [101, 5, 28, 29, 115, 106, 33, 59, 83, 49, 42, 50, 81, 121, 63, 120, 0, 90, 72, 30, 20, 125, 118, 14, 69, 109, 96, 55, 38, 9, 15, 71, 87, 53, 70, 113, 2, 102, 44, 27, 21, 82, 103, 16, 57, 56, 34, 119, 66, 124, 92, 39, 51, 123, 76, 36, 68, 24, 94, 89, 23, 75, 11, 114], "a_indices": [64, 126, 4, 46, 116, 110, 37, 95, 32, 7, 73, 108, 61, 62, 1, 19, 79, 22, 35, 43, 105, 17, 107, 100, 26, 97, 98, 48, 67, 127, 25, 40, 99, 74, 18, 86, 3, 54, 58, 12, 80, 45, 6, 78, 31, 88, 41, 122, 65, 13, 111, 93, 104, 60, 117, 8, 85, 52, 84, 77, 91, 10, 47, 112], "texts": ["What is the name of the recommended free software for converting anything to PDF", "John Kerry - Superhero:\nIn the vicious end of days in this campaign, so much gets lost in the caterwauling of the media. Here's something that's happened in the last couple of days: John Kerry has found the last piece of the puzzle, the final cause to push to the end of the battle. If you've listened to Kerry since the dual revelations of the missing 760,000 pounds of high-powered explosives from a known ammo dump and the coming request for an additional $70 billion dollars for Iraq and Afghanistan, Kerry has become the man we've all heard about - the unstoppable crusader for what's right against however powerful the forces of evil may be. Kerry has been tough-guy posturing for most of the campaign, and it's been a ludicrous sight. How many animals must be hunted and killed in order for a Democrat to look strong on defense? As Bradley Whitford said on Bill Maher's show last week, \"How many times does a guy have to be shot in the ass running across rice paddies in Vietnam in order to look tougher than the cheerleader from Andover?\"\nHere's the deal - what's been missing from the entire Kerry campaign is just how tough a motherfucker John Kerry really, actually is, and it's got jackshit to do with hunting geese and killing the Vietcong. Kerry is a superhero, the kind of valiant son of a bitch who doesn't give a rat's ass about his own life in order to make the lives of others better. It's his post-Vietnam life that makes him a superhero. You don't know how much a superhero the man in the cape is by his origins. You know a superhero by his deeds. And if Kerry loses, it'll be because his campaign refused to acknowledge just how kick-ass Kerry has been since his final purple heart (and if Kerry loses, adviser Bob Shrum, who, in essence, said the public was too stupid to understand Kerry's accomplishments, should be strung up by his balls and batted around like a pinata by the Democratic party leadership until he bursts open and showers everyone with his innards).\nYeah, yeah, this is gonna be a down-on-the-knees-Kerry-supportin-hummer of an entry, but the Rude Pundit keeps talking to people who sigh and say, \"I guess I'm gonna vote for Bush\" because they can't bring themselves to vote for Kerry. They see him as weak. They see him as a flip-flopper. In other words, they see him as the projection of self that Bush has imposed on Kerry. In other words, these voters are too blinded by the glow that emits from the crown on Bush's head to believe that they own the democracy.\nKerry vs. Nixon: When Kerry helped organize the Vietnam Veterans Against the War, he was directly confronting a hegemonic ideology in the country that said the people must blindly follow their leaders. Kerry, villified at the time with incredible viciousness, did not back down from charges of treason and heresy. Check out the end of the book The New Soldier, which Kerry co-wrote and edited in order to talk about what the young men returning from Vietnam had confronted in the name of \"freedom\" from Communism. The book is, ironically enough, mostly reprinted on an anti-Kerry site. Kerry writes, \"We are asking America to turn from false glory, hollow victory, fabricated foreign threats, fear which", "What should small business owners consider when looking for affordable SEO solutions", "Reasonably priced Search engine optimisation Solutions For Tiny Company\nBeing a modest enterprise owner, creating a web site is simply element on the strategy of receiving your enterprise noticed on-line. Seo is undoubtedly a important element in the puzzle, and internet sites that obtain the ideal rankings from engines like google, in a natural way often have the most natural visitors too.\nFrequently however, tiny business doesn't have the time and funds to target marketing concerns, plus they relatively decide to depend on trustworthy Seo organizations to complete the job for them. seo company charlotte This does not indicate they go away almost everything while in the palms of a third-party, as their has to make sure checks and balances in place to ensure which they get price for income. The next fundamentals should be taken into consideration when procuring inexpensive Search engine optimization solutions.\n1 - Seek out the best search engine optimization organizations for little company\nThese services suppliers could have the encounter and confidence of operating in the area of interest region. They are going to be comfy with using respectable white hat Seo methodologies to set up, or revamp a website. Certainly one of the strategies they'd make use of would be the use of many short articles or blog posts pertaining to your related matter close to your enterprise, as an alternative to opting for one prolonged post. Quite lengthy web pages get yourself a reduce weighting than shorter kinds with the engines like google, and lots of viewers will certainly not study the entire thing if it takes several screens to do so.\ntwo - Enhance your site to enhance your customer encounter\nThis can be a crucial thought and only gets to be feasible when the website is very entertaining whilst also able to keep the visitor consideration. You are doing want 1st time site visitors and return website visitors to stay on your own internet site for extended periods of time. Not only will these further traffic boost your income, however the engines", "Invalid email. Please try again.\n|15% Off||15% off any order||---|\n|Sale||Men's Jackets starting at $490.14||---|\n|Sale||Women's Jackets starting from $463.58||---|\n|Sale||Napoleon V2 Collection as low as $569.84||---|\n|Sale||Aviator Collection starting from $622.97||---|\nGet leather that fits and lasts like a second skin at Boda Skins.\nFound a great deal or co", "What does the author reflect on during Silent Saturday in relation to silence and listening", "Anthropology brings a global perspective to the study of human diversity by means of in-depth research at the local level and comparative studies that explore human experience through time and across space.\nAt Syracuse University our program is organized around Archaeology and Cultural Anthropology; however, we embrace a holistic approach to anthropology through teaching in research in archaeological, biological, cultural, and linguistic.\nGerard and Castro conduct conflict management workshop in Jordan\nManaging Conflict and Communication Train", "ID 2.0 is actually a giant step forward,\" Mundie said.\nBy integrating these two technologies, Microsoft expects to \"eliminate the issue of the man-in-the-middle-attack,\" Mundie said. In these attacks, which are increasingly being used by phishers, a thief steals sensitive information by setting up a fake Web site that passes information back and forth between the victim and the legitimate Web site. OpenID is an emerging open-source standard that simplifies the task of logging on to many different Web sites.", "ot very desirable but I assume they would be good for a set of winter wheels....with regards to the price, send all offers.\n$500 FREE SHIPPING in the ConUS\nYou can contact me via phone/text at (954) 681-3751, email me at firstname.lastname@example.org\nor PM me here.\nPayment can be through PayPal or by credit/debit card processed through the dealership.\n**3% PayPal Fees will apply**", "What effects does clonidine have on migraines according to the review by JuliusSnoozer", "toy, the ribbon is also completely biodegradable, and the entire set is handmade in the UK!\nThe crackers and packaging are also 100% recyclable.\nEach cracker contains:\n- 1x Luxury pamper gift; bath pearls, tea lights, mini shampoo & conditioner bars, wax melts, or mini room mist.\n- 1x Hat\n- 1x Joke\nAll the card elements of this product can be recycled. The ribbons are completely biodegradable, so you can either reuse these, or pop them in your bin and they'll break down at landfill without releasing any nasties into the environment. \ud83d\ude0a", "What top notes were used in the perfume that was made during the course", "youths in Nigeria and in those 13 years, we have achieved a lot.\nThis year we are focusing on issues affecting the youths in the area if education and ICT. We have lots of activities lined up, such as ICT training sessions, set-up of e-libraries in secondary schools, a hackathon competition. Also, we will be focusing on Mental Health Awareness as we bring attention to issues around mental health\nMaking a difference is part of our culture, its who we are and what we do. We are MTN", "ble and straight forward. Court and Mark who run The Keyword Academy have well put together information that is clear and understandable. Lots of videos and live Webinars allow you to get real time questions answered each week as well.\nAs most of you know that read my blog, I would not write about this and recommend this course if it was crap. The training you will learn from The Keyword Academy about blogging is exactly what you need in order to be successful and make some serious cash.\nThats about it folks. I have a lot of irons in the fire at the moment, and will be busy with some huge projects for the next couple months. If you have any questions, you can shoot me an email and I will get back with you as soon as I can.\nThis post was lovingly rescued from the swiftly shifting sands of the digital desert. Must Have Media is not responsible for writing this content, nor can MHM attest to, or guarantee its accuracy or usefulness. It is here for archival purposes only. The post date reflects the original post date at its original location as far as we can tell.", "What do you need to enter to recover your password", "What should you do if you can't access the RICS website while it is confirmed to be up", "Who are the individuals mentioned as having successfully defended their dissertation in the text", "Alex Ovechkin, Alexander Semin, and Nicklas Backstrom all finding the score sheet. Ovechkin is having a solid season, but his goal numbers are down compared to previous seasons. The lingering feeling that Ovechkin has a goal eruption coming hangs over the team and once it happens (if it happens) the high-scoring Caps we got accustomed to seeing will be back in a big way.\nThat\u2019s not to say this game isn\u2019t big for the Penguins. The Pens are getting Jordan Staal back in their lineup tonight and that means for the first time this year, the Pens have their full compliment of great players back on the ice. We\u2019ll get a look at how Staal looks with Evgeni Malkin on his wing and if that\u2019s the thing the Penguins needed to take control of the Eastern Conference races.\nAs it is, the Pens are four points up on both Washington and Tampa Bay for the overall lead in the East. The Pens getting another win, ideally a regulation win with just two points for them and none for the Caps, would work two-fold. The Pens would extend their lead and they\u2019d also deliver a psychological blow to Washington, something that could linger with them all year long.\nOverall though, this game is a must-win for Washington. If it turns into another game where they fall behind early and try to gut it out, it creates unnecessary drama for them. After all, moral victories aren\u2019t counted in the standings and when it comes to Pittsburgh, racking up those kinds of wins doesn\u2019t do anything to help them out in the long run and for Washington, that\u2019s what matters the most.", "A 10 year old boy was crushed and killed last Saturday in Chicago\u2019s Rogers Park neighborhood by a suspected drunk driver. The tragic DUI car crash occurred around 5:45 a.m. last Saturday in Chicago\u2019s Rogers Park neighborhood. According to reports, the 10 year old boy and his 3 year old sister had just exited their father\u2019s vehicle on the way to their aunt\u2019s house when the Chicago car crash occurred. As the children were passing between parked vehicles an alleged intoxicated driver rear-ended an SUV which crushed the boy between the parked SUV and the vehicle directly in front of it. The drunk driver was reportedly driving a black Ford Explorer. The severely injured boy was taken to St. Francis Hospit", "threatens us as a nation, shallow pride which feeds off fear, and mostly from the promises which have proven so deceiving these past ten years.\" Change \"ten\" to \"four,\" and you get the idea. The rest of the essay is stunningly humble, and it is simply a call to be citizens with eyes and ears open, to allow that maybe the powerful are more concerned with keeping power than with admitting error. And it is horribly, frighteningly prescient. What people forget about Kerry's protest days is that he was defending the lives of soldiers and that he was right.\nKerry vs. Reagan: When Kerry faced down the Reagan administration in his dogged pursuit of the Contra-drug connection, he was a freshman Senator taking on one of the most popular Presidents in American history. Instead of backing down from repeated threats to his political career, Kerry had his staff stay on the case like a viper injecting venom into your leg. They would have had to cut off his head in order to get him to stop, and he stayed on it until he revealed that the Reagan administration allowed the Contras to smuggle cocaine into the U.S. in order to fund their CIA-led \"war\" against the legally-elected Sandinistas in Nicaragua. (And thus helping to cause the crack epidemic.) Kerry was called a conspiracy theorist, said to be interfering with other drug cases, and impugned throughout the media. But the part that rarely got told is that he was right.\nKerry vs. Bush I: When Kerry went after the Bank of Credit and Commerce International, which was involved in laundering the Contra drug money, funneling money from the U.S. to Saddam Hussein (when he was our beloved dictator), and supporting illegal arms trade with terrorists and drug lords (including Afghanistan), it was his first chance to take on the Bush dynasty. When Bush I was in power, the administration and the CIA overlooked the crimes of BCCI, possibly because the bank was intimately involved in the financial dealings of the Bush family. Kerry had already kicked ass on the savings and loan scandals of the 1980s, so why not fuck with George H.W. Bush if 41 was fucking over the good of the country and the world? He brought down BCCI, and he cut off a vital funding source for terrorists. Again, Kerry was bucking the will of Democrats in Congress, as well as a Republican administration, in order to do what he knew was right.\nListen closely and tell anyone you know who is still thinking about voting for Bush: has Bush ever, personally, faced down anyone other than with a chant of \"Drink, drink, drink\"? Has he ever gone against someone who was really, truly powerful in order to place the good of the people above his own good? No. Heroes do that - they don't care what's in their way - they will face down evil, no matter how powerful. And they don't bother with those who are too weak to fight. It's why the latest news from Iraq fanned the fire: those in charge have screwed us over again, and Kerry's ready to bring the superhero costume out. Call him \"the Winter Soldier.\"\nKerry's done a fuck of a lot more than pull a guy out of a river. And the fact that America doesn't know that says a great deal about how we negotiate our desolate political landscape", "Why does Washington need to win the game against Pittsburgh in the Winter Classic", "What is the focus of the article 'Computer visualisation of patient safety in primary care: a systems approach adapted from management science and engineering'", "ator\u201d:\nStep One. Install PDFCreator and open the file, the webpage or the photo you want to turn into a PDF. Click on \u201cPrint\u201d:\nStep Two. From the choice of printers in your machine or network, locate and select \u201cPDFCreator\u201d\nStep Three. Click \u201cPrint\u201d and wait:\nStep Four. In the new dialog box, click on \u201cSave\u201d:\nStep Five. Find the location where you want to save your PDF and click \u201dSave\u201d:\nIn this way, you can virtually print a PDF out of anything on your screen.", "What eco-friendly gifts are included in the luxury pamper gift crackers", "What are the main tourist destinations mentioned in Himachal Pradesh that are attracting visitors for the New Year celebrations", "RICS current status check is already running (23.10.2020).\nIf RICS is UP but you can\u2019t access the page, try one of the below solutions:\nBrowser\u2019s cache. Most popular browsers use page caching to save frequently requested resources on the user\u2019s computer, thus reducing bandwidth consumption and speeding up the browser. To obtain the latest version of the page, ignoring the cache, use the combination Ctrl + F5.\nAccess to site was denied. If you connect to the Internet via dynamic IP addresses, it\u2019s possible that access to the site for your current IP address was previously blocked. Clear cookies and change your IP address.\nAntivirus and firewall. Make sure that the antivirus software or firewall, you may have running on your computer, doesn\u2019t block access to rics.org.\nDNS cache. DNS cache contains records of all the recent visits and attempted visits to sites and other Internet domains. For example, if the site has changed its IP address, you will not be able to access it. Clear the DNS cache on your computer and try again.\nAlternative DNS services. DNS (Domain Name System) converts domain names to IP addresses. Try using an alternative DNS service, other than your ISP\u2019s, for example, OpenDNS or Google Public DNS.\nTitle: RICS: Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors\nDescription: RICS is the world's leading professional body for qualifications and standards in land, property, infrastructure and construction.\nKeywords: RICS,Professional Body,Surveying,Land,Property,Construction\nis it down, rics.org down, rics.org not working, rics.org down or just me, rics.org site down, rics.org not found, rics.org down right now, rics.org access, down for me, downforeveryoneorjustme, downdetector, rics.org outage, page down, the website is down, check website availability, rics.org status, check website online, ping monitor, uptime monitor, down up, site up\nOther: RICS Online Academy | OLA: There are specific challenges faced by those working with commercial properties in order to ascertain the correct market rental value. Build on your basic valuation techniques and learn new skills to address these challenges and gain a better result for your client.\nRoyal Institution of Chartered Surveyors - Wikipedia: www.rics.org: The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) is a professional body promoting and enforcing the highest international standards in the valuation, management and development of land, real estate, construction and infrastructure.\nRICS - YouTube: RICS promotes and enforces the highest professional qualifications and standards in the development and management of land, real estate, construction and inf...\nRICS: Commercial Reinstatement Tool - Log in - crt.rics.org: \u00a9 2016 RICS: Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. Terms and Conditions; Home; Help\nSearch All Page | RICS: Development Appraisals - Method and Process Product / Web Classes. With the ever changing property market and differing client requirements there has never been a more important time to take a health check on the advice we give to our clients in connection with the valuation method/approach we have used.\nRICS Brand Centre - Login: As an RICS employee or professional you will automatically be logged into the brand centre after clicking the login button below.\nRICS: Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS): Stay ahead with the APC Acceleration: Commercial Real Estate course The course offers fantastic value and is a simple way to get all the knowledge you need to pass the APC.\nRICS: Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors - future.rics.org: RICS is the world's leading professional body for qualifications and standards in land, property, infrastructure and construction.\nIndex [www.ricscourses.org]: RICS ACCREDITED DEGREES. FIND THE RIGHT COURSE FOR YOU. Taking an RICS accredited degree is the first step to becoming a chartered surveyor. Whether you are looking to study for an u", "While our IT security vendors reduce exposure to malicious insiders and outsiders, our SAM portfolio has been selected to reduce exposure to the risks of day-to-day business \u2013 sprawling software inventories, poor visibility, and inefficient purchasing.\nAstute Licensing helps enterprises to end their licensing risks and stamp out the inefficiencies in the purchase and deployment of software. To date, the Astute platform has resulted in tens of millions of dollars o", "What specific areas are the youths in Nigeria focused on improving this year", "What discounts are offered on men's and women's jackets at Boda Skins", "What are the key qualities of Boda Skins leather products", "What do clients generally say about their experiences with Roofline", "The advertisement posted in this page is already inactive and it is possible that the details here are already invalid. Content posted in this page is only provided for reference and does not constitute fact. Please be guided accordingly.\nValle VerdeThis advertisement is already inactive\nTrue happiness can start here\nThe AXEIA Group of Companies, formerly ASIATIC, is composed of duly recognized, established, full service real estate companies committed to helping Filipinos step up to new beginnings and better days for their families by acquiring their own homes.\nJust less than 2 hours south from the busy environment of Metro Manila is VALLE VERDE, Axeia's vision of a green and peaceful residential haven turned into reality. VALLE VERDE, which literally means \"green valley\", represents a hub of beautiful homes strategically located close to nature.\nVALLE VERDE is an 11-hectare project situated at Bgry. Langcaan II, Dasmari\u00f1as, Cavite and one of Axeia Development Corporation's projects, which continually offers durable and affordable homes inclusive of amenities and features. Make VALLE VERDE your top choice for your perfect home.\n- Very accessible to public transportation stations such as tricycles, jeepneys and buses.\n- Very near the hospital, wet and dry market, convenient stores, churches and other business establishments.\nAMENITIES & FEATURES\n- 24/7 Security\n- Entrance Gate\n- Basketball Court\n- Underground Drainage\n- Centralized Water System\n- Meralco Power Supply\nSAMPLE COMPUTATION : (JASMINE-COMPLETE-INNER UNIT)\nTCP---------------------------- P 1,017,000.00\nLOAN VALUE-------------------- 790,000.00\nLESS : RESERVATION FEE--------- 10,000.00\nNET EQUITY--------------------- 217,000.00\nPAYMENT OPTION :\nHDMF MONTHLY AMORTIZATION :\nAvail of Promotional Packages!\nPag-IBIG Fund and Direct Financing\nFOR INQUIRIES, KINDLY CONTACT BROKER:\nGABRIEL L. HERRERA (PRC REBL #0000253 /PTR# 1753959 1-30-12)\nCharter President : Cavite City Real Estate Board Inc.\nEmail Address: email@example.com\nMOBILE #'s : 0928-5071247 - SMART\n0906-4331269 - GLOBE\n0932-8438635 - SUN\nLANDLINE # : (046) 438 - 7716\nLIKE US ON FACEBOOK! https://www.facebook.com/GabfilRealty\nAGENTS / REFFERALS ARE WELCOME !!!\nOther Ads by gabfiltrading\n- bout HOMEOWNERS DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION (HDC) Homeowners Development Corporation started actual operations on January 18, 1984 with its first project, sold-out in six (6) months,...BIRMINGHAM (Gen. Trias, Cavite) : PRE-SELLING!!!\n- Welcome to Sun Residences. Where bold, minimalist architecture meets luxury and convenience. Here, spacious and comfortable units will be a mere elevator ride away from...SUN RESIDENCES SMDC QUEZON CITY\n- Every single day, SM touches the lives of millions of people through its stores, malls, banks, hotel and leisure facilities. Now...SEA RESIDENCES : ( 1 Bedroom w/ Balcony )\n- 8th Floor recently OPENED for SALE!! GRAB our exciting PROMOS NOW!! *P50k OFF on SINGLE units *P150k OFF EACH on TANDEM units *Promo applies across all payment...ROSE RESIDENCES (Studio Unit)\n- For sale 63 h", "Microsoft Corp. has thrown its weight behind OpenID, an emerging Web authentication standard. The announcement was made Tuesday at the RSA Conference in San Francisco during a joint keynote by Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates and Chief Research and Strategy Officer Craig Mundie that was long on vision and short on specifics. Microsoft pledged to work to integrate OpenID with its CardSpace identity management software, which is now available in conjunction with Windows Vista. \"The marriage of CardSpace and Open", "What does Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics emphasize as the key to human happiness", "How is John Kerry's public speaking ability compared to that of Bill Clinton in the context of his convention speech", "Steel fascia is an integral part of a home\u2019s rainwater system, as they provide a base on the roof into which the guttering can be attached. Roofline\u2019s Fascia systems can be fitted with a range of spoutings to create either a contemporary or traditional finish to your roof. Roofline Metal Fascia is a classic profile with a swage design that looks great and has added strength as it is manufactured using 0.55mm steel for extra strength.\nIt is part of a well-designed, fascia-gutter system that is easy for the installer to work with because it uses an internal clip arrangement to affix the quad gutter.\nCompliance to the New Zealand Building Code\nRoofline 0.55 Fascia / 0.55 Gutter complies with the NZ Building Code when installed within the following guidelines:\n- Installed on brackets at a maximum of 900mm centres\n- With overstraps and spring clips at a maximum of 600mm c", "What is the asking price for the winter wheels and what forms of payment are accepted", "Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics, based on lectures that he gave in Athens in the fourth century BCE, is one of the most significant works in moral philosophy, and has profoundly influenced the whole course of subsequent philosophical endeavour. It is soundly located within a philosophical tradition, but its argument differs markedly from those of Plato and Socrates in its emphasis on the exercise - as opposed to the mere possession - of virtue as the key to human happiness, of", "What effect does Clonidine have on migraine pain, according to user reviews", "What kind of shop is described in the text segment", "ndergraduate degree or take a masters course you can search from over 500 accredited courses to find the right one for you..\nLA-RICS - Los Angeles Regional Interoperable Communications ...: The Problem. Safety agencies for 88 cities and unincorporated areas of Los Angeles County are currently using a patchwork of 40 aging radio networks and the same commercial broadband services used by millions of LA area residents.\nCommercial | RICS: Leadership & Management . Leadership Programmes; Developed in response to global industry demand, RICS Leadership and Management Programmes are specific and progressive professional development for the built environment.\nRICS - 4,010 Photos - 94 Reviews - Surveyor: www.rics.org. Surveyor \u00b7 Business Service \u00b7 Organization. Page Transparency See More. Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - November 5, 2009.\nLA-RICS Overview | LA-RICS - Los Angeles Regional ...: The Los Angeles Regional Interoperable Communications System (LA-RICS) will vastly improve radio and broadband communication for police, firefighters, paramedics and other emergency responders in Los Angeles County.\nMy Courses | RICS Online Academy: My Courses. Below you will find a list of currently enrolled courses. Click the launch course button to go through to the course area. If you are unable to find a course, it may have expired.\nArchive - Resource Centre | Online Academy: RICS.org; Online Academy. Online Academy. Online Academy. Go. Archive. Please browse available materials. Top 5 tips for commercial mediators. In my experience, lawyers and other professionals who desire to be commercial mediators are driven by three things. They want to add a new product to ...\nConstruction | RICS: Construction Project Management: Loss and Expense Product / Web Classes. Recognize how best to deal with the loss and expense procedures relevant for each party involved in a construction project, and be able to advise your clients accordingly.\nAssessment of Professional Competence - APC - RICS: The six most common mistakes APC candidates make - and how to avoid them Passing your APC starts long before you sit your Final Assessment, says Danny Medcalf FRICS.\nRICS: Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors: RICS is the world's leading professional body for qualifications and standards in land, property, infrastructure and construction.\nAPC | Resource Centre: Delegate view: the benefits of APC supervisor and counsellor training. RICS Training. Steven McMillan MRICS, Regional Manager at chartered quantity surveyors Cooper and Hall attended our APC Supervisor and Counsellor face-to-face course last summer. We recently caught up with him to...\nRICS (@RICSnews) | Twitter: The latest Tweets from RICS (@RICSnews). We are an independent body committed to setting and upholding the highest standards of excellence and integrity in land, property and construction. #RICS. Global\nPayments | The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors: Redirecting to WorldPay. Please wait... If you are not redirected shortly, please press the continue button.\nSpecialized Education in Real Estate, Construction & Infra ...: RICS has collaborated with Amity University to launch India's first school of built environment for specialized degree courses in real estate, construction and infra.\nRICS: Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors: Nominations are being sought for the new 15 market seats on our Governing Council, RICS' highest strategic decision-making body. This is your chance to help keep our profession at the heart of the built and natural environment - please put yourself forward for election!\nRICS Find a Surveyor: Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors' official directory of member firms. Over 40,000 surveying firms wordwide offering services to business and consumers.\nout of 5 stars", "In the words of one Democrat after John Kerry's long-awaited speech to his party's convention: \"He was good, but he's no Clinton.\" When it comes to public speaking, what does it take to hold a crowd?He may be an experienced and highly adept politician, but even John Kerry's supporters acknowledge their man has a notable weakness: his public persona.\nWith his speech to the Democratic Party's convention on Thursday Mr Kerry turned in a better performance than many had expected.\nBut unlike Bill Clinton, or even his running mate, John Edwards, Mr Kerry is judged not to be a natural public speaker.\nOf course it's not only politicians who wrestle with this tag. A new guide in the UK exposes some of the heart-stopping clangers that have cropped up in wedding speeches. In one case a groom got his bride's name wrong while another made a business-like presentation complete with overhead projector.\nBut all is not lost. Here, Max Atkinson, who once trained a public speaking novice to address a political party conference - and saw his pupil receive a standing ovation - delivers the key messages.\nLISTS OF THREE\nBad speeches can be disastrous for weddings\nGood speeches are memorable ones, and to that end the more rhetoric, the better. A key device in lodging phrases in the minds of an audience is the \"list of three\", which dates back to Classical times - \"veni, vidi, vici (I came, I saw, I conquered)\". Then there was \"the father, the son and the holy spirit\". Later came \"libert\u00e9, \u00e9galit\u00e9, fraternit\u00e9\" followed by Abraham Lincoln's \"government of the people, by the people, for the people\".\nMore latterly, there was former Labour leader Hugh Gaitskell's \"fight, fight and fight again [for the party]\" and Tony Blair's \"education, education, education\".\nSetting out a puzzle, pausing and solving it for your audience is another time-honoured technique says Mr Atkinson. For example, Ronald Reagan declared his candidacy for the American presidentia", "What two tracks are included in the Millimetric - Suffoque EP", "entres\n- It is recommended that snowstraps be installed at 600mm centres in snow zones.\nWhat our happy clients have to say\nWe have been dealing with Roofline for over 25 years and we have received the same top service everytime\nWe have only been dealing with Roofline for a couple of years, but now they have their new machines the quailty has been amazing. Their turnaround on Flashings is prompt and they fit like a glove\n\u201cWe are always impressed with Roofline Canterbury\u2019s outstanding service and quality of product\u201d\nI would like to thank you and your company for the service you gave me.\nAll the dealings I had with you were Great. Every thing went smoothly and you kept me in formed. I would highly recommend your company and subbies to any one.\nGreat service from a friendly team. I have used them for 20+ years now and occasionally check prices and they are never bettered", "What is the theme of the 21 days of Y\u2019ello care event organized by MTN in 2019", "system reveals the clinical impact of inadequate care processes for patients with urgent follow-up needs. By analyzing 111 root cause analyses of diagnostic error cases in the outpatient setting, the authors determined that poorly coordinated care\u2014arising from a lack of systems to track patients needing urgent evaluation, insufficient follow-up of abnormal test results, and inadequate communication between clinicians\u2014contributed to most of the missed or delayed diagnoses. Although electronic medical records (EMRs) should facilitate responding to abnormal test results, prior VA studies have shown that a small but clinically significant proportion of abnormal laboratory tests and radiology studies are not acted upon in a timely fashion (despite the VA having a fully integrated EMR for more than a decade). The authors advocate for refining EMR systems to better facilitate communication between clinicians and for emphasizing teamwork training in the outpatient setting.\nJournal Article > Review\nTaub N, Baker R, Khunti K, et al. Diabet Med. 2010;27:1322-1326.\nThis study found little research on safety improvement methods in the primary care of diabetes.", "de? Share the savings!Get Started\nBoda Skins make leather that is so strong, so durable and so high quality that they offer one of the longest guarantees you will find. Their jackets are handmade using the very best materials and processes, and nothing but absolute perfection will pass muster. If you insist on the best and nothing less, then trust in Boda Skins", "I recently attended a perfume making vocational course this month. It was interesting, more of a hands on experience than anything else. The lecturer was well informed and knew a lot about soapmaking and perfumery. There was a bit of confusion with the formulas we were given though since grams and mL were used interchangeably during the discussions. For home makers its not such a big issue since we don\u2019t need to meet regulatory standards.\nI made a batch of perfume yesterday. A truly lovely floral blend that lasted more than four hours on my skin. With Tangerine as a top note, it\u2019s an uplifting and cheerful scent. The soft and water floral middle notes make it a light and sweet. I didn\u2019t get a nose full of it at its base note phase, but the other notes make it very light. I took a photo with my smartphone, but it was pretty bad. so no photo for now.\n- Top Notes: Tangerine, Sap, Reseda Plant\n- Middle Notes: Wild Rose, Red Cyclamen, Peach Blossom, Blue Hyacinth, Iris, Nectar\n- Base Note", "December 2020.) I\u2019m on a mission to help thousands of women find love as quickly, smoothly and affordably as possible! Can\u2019t wait to get back into it. If you need to reach me, drop me a line at firstname.lastname@example.org.", "What issue does Microsoft expect to eliminate by integrating new technologies in ID 2.0", "What influences the music of Millimetric's full album and who are some of the collaborating artists", "Who is the person being referred to in the video who started Neuro Linguistic Programming", "rrived at Katra for their onward journey to the Bhawan for having the Darshan of Holy Mata and seek blessing of Maa Vaishno for the New Year.\nHimachal Pradesh is all set to welcome New Year. Tourists from within and outside the country are thronging in large number at various tourist places of the hill state on the eve of New Year. Tourists from Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh and other places are pouring in Shimla, Manali, Dalhousie, Kufri, Bhagsunag and other tourist places of the hill state. In Shimla, tourist in large number have already gathered at historic Ridge Maidan and enjoying sunshine. Himachal Police have made elaborate security agreements to maintain law and order and to ensure smooth flow of traffic", "What are some topics the author frequently discusses in her content and community", "like google will increase your ranking appropriately.\nthree - Make the most of header tags.\nSearch engines make use of the headers to rank web sites. Use various tags - like H1 or H2 - to emphasise your services. Pay a visit to competitor's sites and look at their resource codes and tags. That lets you in on their personal Search engine optimisation techniques, including keywords and phrases and whilst you could not desire to imitate their methods, this little bit of advertising and marketing intelligence gathering may make you think that of other keywords and phrases and things to test.\n4 - Authoring a weblog and commenting on other blogs\nIn order to increase your profile inside your particular or associated website's niche, you have to be seen as becoming active within the on-line community, as this is considered to be an extremely excellent Search engine Optimization technique. Blogs can certainly rank in search results, given that they function new content material and quality information. The back-links coming from blog posts also enjoy an extremely massive position in online search engine rankings.\n5 - Use movies as well as a online video site-map for increasing your rankings.\nConsider to include introduction video clips of by yourself and staff, also as solution demonstrations. seo company charlotte After you submit the video clip for your website, you must also make use of key phrases in text, and after that post the URL via Google Webmaster Instruments, and also post your online video to various retailers like YouTube.\nAs talked about earlier, little and medium enterprise house owners usually have spending budget and time constraints in relation to on-line advertising, so decide for Search engine marketing offers for modest enterprise, in an effort to maximize the return on investment decision. Constantly insist the 5 factors as lifted previously mentioned are incorporated while in the provider supplying as these optimization guidelines are already established to work each in past and recent online marketing approaches", "What is the author's mission related to women and finding love", "What are the key amenities offered at Valle Verde in Dasmarinas Cavite", "What is the location and size of the VALLE VERDE residential project presented in the advertisement", "The yearly event which kicked off on the 3rd of June 2019, with the opening ceremony was the first event in the 21 days of Y\u2019ello care that will be held across the nation to show that MTN is a brand that truly cares. #JustForYou\nIn the next 21 days, the entire staff of MTN will be touching the lives of people in various locations. This year\u2019s theme is, \u201cCreating a Brighter Future for the Youth\u201d.\nOver the last 13 years, we have visited school etc, to show how much we care about the", "What topics related to ethical issues are covered in the new translation by Roger Crisp", "ialogue unveils subconscious solutions to incongruence and discord. The clients should feel that they do it themselves because they allow their own deep knowledge and even their meta-knowledge to provide the answers. Clients are empowered to be their best individual selves. You are the answer you are looking for.", "Escape From Twump Tower is a fun pixel art platformer in which you help President Twump climb the tower and collecting his cash before the angry mobs come.\nIt\u2019s the year 202X and after a successful re-election campaign, President Twump fires the entire population of the USA on a whim. Enraged mobs start to form, baying for blood, so", "Twump must gather his fortune and escape via his rooftop chopper.\nTo get to the top is pretty easy, but you\u2019ll need to work hard to gather all your money, and if you beat the devs score, he\u2019ll pixelate you and put you in the tower!\nControls: Arrow Keys \u2013 Movement, X \u2013 Jump, C + Down \u2013 Lift Objects, C \u2013 Throw\nAvailable On: All Browser", "What aspects of John Kerry's past and character emphasize his portrayal as a 'superhero' in the context of his political campaign", "Good Morning, God!\nAfter what seems like a very long time . . . I am back . . . daring to write again. I was stopped by a day in which four or five folks started following me. Yikes! This really was a public place. Not just my private meanderings.\nThat is something we all forget, isn\u2019t it? That we ourselves, our lives, our words and our thoughts even, have a wider effect. And, so when I take myself to a church service . . . or to Centering Prayer as I am this morning . . . I am WANTING Your help. Knowing I need help . . . knowing that being human is a big and complex deal.\nI remember YEARS a", "I\u2019m back from my cruise to Mexico, Grand Cayman, and Jamaica, and it was a much needed vacation. Spending 7 days relaxing and going on excursions is a great way to get away from a computer and actually enjoy the fruits of your labor. I know I don\u2019t have a ton of followers like Chow or Yaro, but that\u2019s perfectly fine with me. You also won\u2019t find me sucking on another mans neck either.\nI do get emailed quite a bit from people wanting me to train them to make money online. Many of those who sincerely would like to put in the work, and many others who just want to make quick money with little to no work. It can become quite overwhelming though, and I just don\u2019t have time to train people anymore like I use to. I would much rather spend this time with family and friends. I do not mind however answering questions or pointing people in the right direction.\nIf you email me with a question I would be more than happy to help, however if you email me and ask me where to begin I will probably point you to the one place that I recommend and trust, which is extremely afforda", "What did the author enjoy about their recent vacation", "User Reviews for Clonidine\nAlso known as: Catapres, Catapres-TTS, Clonidine ER, Duraclon, Jenloga, Kapvay, Nexiclon XR\nThe following information is NOT intended to endorse drugs or recommend therapy. While these reviews might be helpful, they are not a substitute for the expertise, skill, knowledge and judgement of healthcare practitioners in patient care.\nLearn more about Clonidine.\nReviews for Clonidine to treat Migraine Prevention\n|Review by Marissa83:||User Rating:|\nclonidine: Will prevent the pain of a migraine if I take it when I first get an aura. If the pain has already set in, it will greatly decrease and shorten the duration of the migraine. Only side effect is that it makes me feel tired, this can be helped if taken with Exedrine. This is the only migraine reliever that's ever been effective for me.\n|January 22, 2012 12:53 AM|\n|Review by julius snoozer:||User Rating:|\n|May 19, 2010 1:3", "What locations in Goa are mentioned as organizing programmes for New Year celebrations", "What does Astute Licensing help enterprises to reduce in their business operations", "What led to the tragic death of the 10 year old boy in Rogers Park, Chicago", "What is the purpose of the Los Angeles Regional Interoperable Communications System (LA-RICS)", "What material is used to manufacture Roofline Metal Fascia and how does it contribute to its strength", "Sunday, February 15, 2009\nMillimetric - Suffoque EP Out March 2009!\nMILLIMETRIC - SUFFOQUE EP coming soon on Black Montanas!\n2 track digital release only!\n1. SUFFOQUE (Feat Drey)\n2. SUFFOQUE (Feat Drey) EQUITANT REMIX\nRelease date March 2009.\n(Audioglobe January 2009)\n\"Millimetric are a MASSIVE discovery in the Electro-EBM field and they have finally found a home in the excellent French Label M-Tronic, that releases their debut album in February. After several vynil relea", "ike-minded mother runners. My content is centered on running and fitness for the everyday athlete. I frequently discuss my adventures with my MRTT group and the Girls on The Run Team I coach. I also share my passion for vegetarian living by hosting a weekly Meatless Monday link up where I share original recipes..co-hosted by A Whisk and Two Wands.\nWhat\u2019s a fun fact about yourself or your blog that the other members in the group may not know yet? I have a master\u2019s in social work with a specialization in eating disorders. I really enjoyed working in the field before I had my kids and retired to be a stay at home mom. I try to use some of those social work skills to coach my girls on the run team. You will usually see me running around with my crew!\nShare a link to one of your favorite posts:\nOne of my fave recipes: Easy Muffin Pan Huevos Rancheros\nRecent running post I like: I\u2019m Never Running a Marathon\nThanks Deborah! We are so grateful to have you as a member!\nAnd now for some amazing work from our members from the past month\u2026\n45 Vegan Memorial Day Recipes | Abbey\u2019s Kitchen\nStrawberry Rhubarb Crisp | Jessica Levinson\nHow to Lose Weight by Walking | Natalie\u2019s Health\nEssential Oils for KIDS | Ilka\u2019s Blog\nDairy-Free Creamy Roasted Plantain Soup | Finding Happy in Healthy\nI Don\u2019t Have a Summer Body\u2026And That\u2019s Okay| Healthy Helper\nHummus Stuffed Burgers | Sinful Nutrition\nStrawberry Rose Chia Jam | Food Pleasure Health\nHow You Can Change Your Mindset and Boost Self-Confidence | Jill Conyers\n5 Morning Practices for a Balanced & Productive Day | Tasting Page\nWant to join HLC? Click here!Stay connected:Subscribe to Healthy HelperFacebook: Healthy HelperTwitter: @Healthy_HelperInstagram: HealthyHelperPinterest: Healthy_HelperBloglovin\u2019: Healthy HelperGoogle+: Healthy HelperTumblr: Healthy Helper BlogSnapchat: KailaProulxWant to get FREE products for review and make money as a blogger? Check out Linqia!\nHLC Members! Feel free to link up to TWO blog posts from the past month that you are proud of or would like some extra love on! Be sure to go around and support other member\u2019s work as always. ", "What components can be found inside each cracker of the toy set", "What is included with the BMW Style 393 wheels for sale", "utritional area. It\u2019s volume prominence and new-item vitality transformed it into a separate product classification, aided by supermarkets\u2019 emphasis on Whole Health.\n6. BIGGEST NEW FORCE IN GENERAL MERCHANDISE FOR 2001. Seasonal non-foods is the fastest growing of GM\u2019s major categories and it was fueled by home d\u00e9cor items, which took off last year as never before. Centered on such events as Easter, Halloween, Thanksgiving and Christmas, home d\u00e9cor built even more momentum from the effects of 9-11. The national tragedy imparted a consumer mind change that included a need for closeness to home and family.\n7. MOST SUCCESSFUL NEW NATIONAL BRAND IN GENERAL MERCHANDSIE FOR 2001. A grocery-store standard, long and short handle brushes and brooms became a staple in non-foods many years ago. It\u2019s been a steady provider of sales and profits with constant product innovation and packaging improvements. But in 2001 Mr. Clean, was licensed to the Butler Co. who devised a new, very attractive line with technical improvements at a price point for its long and short handle stick goods and brush and brooms that took this category to a new level.\n8. BEST DIVERSIFICATION IN A PRODUCT LINE FOR 2001. The primarily seasonal business of coolers has spun off a new category that became firmly established last year. The soft insulation wraparound was applied to a multitude of colorful, fashion-oriented products for a 52-week market for lunches, travel, holidays and the school and office. From wrapped bottles to full-size carriers, this high margin line formed a new category of its own.\n9. BEST ADVANCE IN CONSUMER CONVENIENCE FOR HBC ITEMS IN 2001. American enterprise and technology with product innovation for the grocery store shelf, once again delivered a product break through in Dove\u2019s new premoistened cleaning cloths from Unilever. It pops up like paper tissues and is impregnated with the same ingredients as their facial soap.\n10. BIGGEST CATEGORY UPGRADE IN 2001. Of all the GM categories in all the supermarkets, it was kitchenware, which made the greatest advances in 2001. Upgraded in quality, styling, ergonomic designs, hot colors, and new materials and heftier pricing, kitchen tools, gadgets and related cookware increased in sales like never before. The kitchen center concept came into its own in 2001 as a large numbers of supers gave this category more in-line space and more promotional support.\nThanks to the manufactures, brokers, distributors and retailers for making 2001 another great year for supermarket non-foods.\nA happy and prosperous New Year to one and all. May the new year continue to bless the supermarket industry with more new and exciting non-food products and categories in 200", "ing for Near East Foundation in Amman, Jordan\nRen\u00e9e Crown Honors Student discovery\nCongratulations Edwin Kwame Otu\nEdwin Kwame Otu successfully defended his dissertation\nCongratulations Lori Klivak\nLori Klivak Successfully defended her dissertation\nMaxwell School Award for Undergraduate Scholarship\nCongratulations Sara McNamara for being awarded the Maxwell School Award for Undergraduate Scholarship\nCongratulations Dwayne Scheid\n2016-17 Remembrance Scholars\nCongratulations to the 2016-17 Remembrance Scholars Soleil Young and Jose Marrero-Rosad", "It is useful sometimes to install virtual PDF printer on your computer. This software will help when you want to convert ANYTHING to a PDF \u2013 an image, what your screen shows, html website, and others. While there are some embedded ways to make PDF in Word for example, the best tool we can recommend for converting ANYTING to PDF is free to download and install and it is called \u201cPDFCreator\u201d.\nHere is how to make anything into PDF using virtual PDF printer \u201cPDFCre", "Narrow Results Clear All\n- Communication Improvement 1\n- Education and Training 1\n- Error Reporting and Analysis\n- Quality Improvement Strategies 1\n- Technologic Approaches 1\nSearch results for \"\"\nJournal Article > Commentary\nComputer visualisation of patient safety in primary care: a systems approach adapted from management science and engineering.\nSingh R, Singh A, Fox C, Seldan Taylor J, Rosenthal T, Singh G. Inform Prim Care. 2005;13:135-144.\nThe authors describe a systems engineering model of analysis and synthesis for understanding error in ambulatory care settings.\nJournal Article > Study\nDiagramming patients' views of root causes of adverse drug events in ambulatory care: an online tool for planning education and research.\nBrown M, Frost R, Ko Y, Woosley R. Patient Educ Couns. 2006;62:302-315.\nJournal Article > Study\nRoot cause analysis reports help identify common factors in delayed diagnosis and treatment of outpatients.\nDavis Giardina T, King BJ, Ignaczak AP, et al. Health Aff (Millwood). 2013;32:1368-1375.\nFailure to properly follow up on test results can result in missed or delayed diagnoses. This study from the Veterans Affairs (VA)", "What is the main objective of the game Escape From Twump Tower", "What factors contributed to missed or delayed diagnoses in outpatient settings according to the study", "What announcement did Microsoft make regarding OpenID at the RSA Conference", "Ten Products & Programs That Made a Difference in 2001 By Mike Sleeper, Chief Executive Officer, Imperial Distributors, Inc.\nNew non-food items by the hundreds pour into supermarket shelves every year and dozens of new programs and setups are initiated or expanded. Last year was no exception. As always, it was a busy time with a good number of new products and programs scoring standout success. Overall, the trend in non-foods was towards upgraded product, quality enhanced through technology and innovation and increased higher unit value which fueled total non-food dollar volume\u2013at a time when dry grocery sales were flat.\nOf the numerous new entries and programs, these ten stood out as star performers in 2001.\n1. BEST WOMENS HBC ITEM IN 2001. Disposable shavers were said to be taking over the men\u2019s wet shaving business. But one manufacturer, Gillette, focused on improving their replaceable blade system and reversed the tide, first with Sensor and then with Mach 3. The women\u2019s shaving business, however, stayed largely in disposables \u2013 but now Gillette has done it again with its new Venus shaver. Introduced in late 2000, and firmly established market share in 2001, Venus was a better product that provided a higher ring and grew the entire women\u2019s shaving category.\n2. BEST CHILDREN\u2019S HBC LINE IN 2001. Several licensed kiddie HBC products came out in 2001, but the launch of J&J\u2019s new line of Harry Potter Toiletries for Children was spectacular. Almost instantly, it captured a big share of the children\u2019s shampoo/hair care/bath care market. Themed on the awesomely popular series of books and the record-breaking movie release, the new brand was the most successful HBC children\u2019s line for 2001.\n3. BIGGEST CONSUMER TRADE-UP IN THE SUPERMARKET FOR 2001. Weber\u2019s Gemini Gas Grill raised the price-tag bar to new heights, $450. This seasonal staple with price point for supermarkets worked well because it was in line with the toughest discounters\u2019. Because of its high ring, the grill\u2013actually outsold in sheer dollar sales most summer seasonal GM SKU\u2019s, and beat out the traditional $99.00 gas grill import.\n4. BREAKTHROUGH IN ORAL CARE IN 2001. Significant advances in oral care were made last year with a new product that provides both value and efficiency for supermarket consumers. Procter & Gamble\u2019s Whitening Strips put technology to work to bleach teeth at a $40 price point, which although high for the oral department, was well below the $400 cost at the dentist\u2019s office.\n5. FASTEST GROWTH CATEGTORY IN 2001. The nutrition/power bar category has been growing steadily, but its 2001sales advances were so remarkable that it became the No.1 growth leader in the important vitamins/supplement/n", "Programmes are organized in Calangute, Baga, Anjune, Arambol, Colva, Benauli, Palolem and other beaches of Goa. Local as well as foreign tourists participate in these programmes. Tourists from Maharashtra, Karnataka and Kerala states have also arrived in Goa by cars and other vehicles to participate in New Year celebrations. Mid-night Mass programmes will be held in Churches. Elaborate security and traffic arrangement is in place to avoid traffic congestions at beach areas.\nOn the eve of New Year, a large number of devotees from all over the country have reached Katra- the base camp of Maa Vaishno Devi ne to pay their obeisance to Maa Vaishno Devi and have her Darshans. The devotees including foreigners have a", "al in Evanston, IL, where he was pronounced dead at 7:41 a.m.\nChicago Police have indicated that the driver of the vehicle that caused the accident is suspected of intoxicated driving. The driver remains in custody pending a police investigation into the crash. A police vehicle was reportedly directly behind the driver that caused the accident.\nIf you have been the victim of a Chicago area DUI related car crash you should contact an attorney immediately to investigate the accident and compile evidence. The Klest Law Firm has over twenty eight years of experience handling cases involving alcohol related car accidents and fatalities. To speak with an attorney from the Klest Law Firm, please click here.", "What is the main purpose of the Facebook group Healthy Living Community", "ectares located in Tres Cruzes, Tanza, Cavite. Good for housing. REBL#15234 CONTACT : GABRIEL L. HERRERA PRC REBL #0000253 CEL #09285071247 AGENTS /...Raw land for sale good for subdivision\n- 5 hectares property for sale located in Mendez, Cavite very near Tagaytay. Sellng at P500/sqm. CONTACT : GABRIEL L. HERRERA PRC REBL #0000253 CEL #09285071247 ...Mendez farm lot for sale\nLeave a message for the advertisement owner here (for members only). Follow this ad's comments via RSS\nvalle verde dasmarinas cavite Ads\n- AMENITIES & FEATURES 24/7 Security Swimming Pool Entrance Gate Clubhouse Basketball Court Underground Drainage Centralized Water System Meralco Power Supply...VALLE VERDE - Dasmarinas Cavite\n- VALLE VERDE DASMARINAS CAVITE SINGLE ATTACHED MODELS IN VERANEO FOR AS LOW AS P13K A MONTH It is a SINGLE-ATTACHED UNIT, with 3 bedrooms and 2 Toilet & Bath with provision...Carnation @ Valle Verde Poblacion Dasmarinas Ca...\n- VALLE VERDE DASMARINAS CAVITE MALAPIT LANG SA POBLACION NG DASMARINAS CAVITE AT PAPUNTA NG DE LA SALLE DASMA..... \" COMMITING TO HELP AND GUIDE OUR BUYER\" ...Affordable Townhouse @ Valle Verde Poblacion Da...\n- VALLE VERDE DASMA - Dasmarinas Cavite Location: Dasmarinas City Cavite Accessibility: 4 to 5mins. to Municipal Town proper House Types: Townhouse, Single Attached, Single...Dasmarinas House and Lots for Sale thru Pag-Ibi...\n- cavite house for sale House for sale dasmarinas cavite house and lots phils. VALLE VERDE DASMA - Dasmarinas Cavite Location: Dasmarinas City...Valle Verde Dasmarinas Cavite House and Lot for...\n- cavite house for sale House for sale dasmarinas cavite house and lots phils. VALLE VERDE DASMA - Dasmarinas Cavite Accessibility : 5 mins from Dasmarinas Municipal City Hall...House and Lot for sale Dasmarinas Cavite Singl...\n- rent to own house and lot at Valle Verde Dasmarinas Cavite Valle Verde is an 11-hectare project situated at Brgy. Lancaan II,Dasmari as,Cavite and one of ...rent to own house and lot at Valle Verde Dasmar...\n- Valle Verde is a new project of Asiatic Residences located along Amuntay Road Dasmarinas Cavite.INFRONT PNTC SEAMAN'S SCHOOL, NEAR DASMA BAYAN 4114 PHILIPPINES Accessibilities: -One ride bus...VALLE VERDE HOMES Poblacion Dasmarinas Cavite \"...\n- Another quality development of Asiatic Development Corporation The dream of having a perfect place for the family is now a reality at Tierra Vista Dasmari as. The...TIERRA VISTA IN LANGKAAN DASMARINAS CAVITE NEAR...\n- VALLE VERDE BRGY. LANGCAAN II, DASMARINAS, CAVITE AMENITIES & FEATURES 24/7 Security*Swimming Pool*Entrance...Eco friendly tech ready and complete amenities ...\n- VALLE VERDE- DASMARINAS CAVITE AMUNTAY ROAD BRGY. LANCAAN 2 A KILOMETER AWAY FROM SM DASMA TOWN PROPER SAFE FROM FLOOD * COOL CLIMATE *READY FOR OCCUPANCY * A PLACE FOR...TOWNHOUSE VALLE VERDE DASMA CAVITE\n- pagibig housing loan Valle Verde Dasmarinas Cavite near La Salle Valle Verde Dasmari as The dream of having a perfect place for the family is now a reality at Valle...house and lot near La Salle Dasma Valle Verde D...", "What was noted as the biggest new force in general merchandise for 2001", "What are the steps to create a PDF using PDFCreator", "- Set of 6 luxury pamper gift crackers\n- 100% plastic-free and biodegradable\n- Variety of eco-friendly gifts; bath pearls, room mist, tea lights, wax melts, shampoo & conditioner bar\n- Includes hat and joke\n- Gifts your dinner guests will really love and enjoy\nWHY WE LOVE THEM\nThis set of 6 zero-waste Christmas crackers is perfect for reducing your family's plastic and carbon footprint this festive season, and a super simple way to do so.\nThese luxury crackers each have a gorgeous mini pamper gift inside instead of a plastic throw away", "What materials are Continental's Freeride Tubes made of", "nd the abuse of freeriding.\nNot yet rated. Be the first to\nWrite a Review\nWe're your local bike shop pros. Family minded and safety conscious.\nHere for you today. Here for you tomorrow. Unless tomorrow's Tuesday!\nCopyright 1998 - now.", "What were some of the standout products and programs in non-food items that made a difference in supermarkets in 2001", "fering seminal discussions of ethical issues that are practical in their intent. Topics covered include the role of luck in human wellbeing, moral education, responsibility, courage, justice, moral weakness, friendship and pleasure. This accessible new translation by Roger Crisp follows the Greek text closely and also provides a non-Greek-reader with the flavour of the original. The volume also includes a historical and philosophical introduction and notes on further reading.", "How can I learn about mastering online dating from Elly Klein", "f savings for organisations around the world \u2013 not to mention a coveted award for innovation in IT asset management.\nAstute License Demand Management (AstuteLDM) eliminates licencing risk at the source, so you can take effective action earlier in the software life-cycle \u2013 not when a software audit and expensive true-up brings it to your attention. And use a well-defined software workflow to consolidate your requirements and make smarter decisions about purchasing.", "Ladies, want to learn how to master online dating and find the love of your life? Follow me on Facebook or Instagram (just search \u2018Elly Klein\u2019) and I\u2019ll let you know when I\u2019m back in business. (The re-launch is planned for 1st", "A roundup of the best content from the members of the Facebook group, Healthy Living Community! Get to know the members of this group and consider joining yourself to BOOST your own blog.\nIf there is one thing I have learned through my 8(!) years of blogging, it\u2019s that each blogger grows and becomes a better content creator by helping and supporting those around them. I owe so much of my success and learning from other people in the healthy living (and general) blogging community. As the saying goes\u2026\nWe push each other to get better. We could never be as good alone as we are together.\nThat\u2019s why about 2.5 years ago, two blogger friends and I started a Facebook group in which bloggers like ourselves could share, support, and learn from one another. Formerly known as Healthy Living Blogging Boost, the Healthy Living Community is a group is all about supporting other healthy living bloggers through daily social media share threads and weekly follow threads. Together we will grow our blogs, learn from each other, and have some fun in the process! This is a place for support, sharing, and questions! We highly encourage and a appreciate participation.\nWe have our own Pinterest board (for members of the group only!), have made long-lasting friendships & business connections, and have all witness our blogs grow as a result of the daily interactions within the group.\nStarting this month, I will be hosting an end of month link-up to highlight some of the amazing work done by our members. In addition, we will have a member spotlight each month to feature on of our fabulous members who actively participates, engages in, and supports the group.\nIf you have your own Healthy Living Blog and want more info on HLC or want to join the fun, click here!\nAnd now to kick things off with our May feature and link love\u2026\nMember of the Month: May 2018\nName: Deborah Brooks\nBlog: Confessions of a Mother Runner\nHow long have you been blogging? Just over 4 years\nTell us a little bit about your blog and why you started: My blog started as an extension of my Moms Run This Town group and a way to connect with other l", "ar \u2018Shiny\u2019 and \u2018Gloss\u2019 minus the hard work\n- Condition New\nIn order to recover your password, we need to confirm your identity. Please enter your email adress.", "What prompted the author to start writing again after a long time", "What are some effective Search Engine Optimization techniques mentioned in the text", "What approaches does the anthropology program at Syracuse University emphasize", "Watch the above video to hear from the man who started Neuro Linguistic Programming.\nI like to be transparent in how I work with some of my clients. Often my clients attribute their subsequent positive states, feelings, and behavior to their own natural change. It is important to know how the mind works and how d", "With tonight\u2019s Winter Classic dropping the puck at 8 p.m. we see two teams that are indeed rivals that are sitting at the top of the Eastern Conference. Don\u2019t let their place in the standings fool you though, there are stark differences between the two and how they\u2019re playing leading into tonight\u2019s game.\nWashington has put their eight-game losing streak behind them and they\u2019ve won four of their last five games but that one loss in the middle of that is to Pittsburgh. With the teams only meeting four times this season, each game brings a special kind of heat to it and with tonight\u2019s game being the Winter Classic, the pressure is intense to win each game to prove a point.\nBut who needs to win this game more? For us, the answer is obvious. Washington needs to get a win tonight and if you\u2019ve seen any part of HBO\u2019s 24/7 you know why. The Capitals need a confidence boost.\nThe Caps\u2019 recent success is good for them because it keeps them from being the quiet and sullen team they appeared to be on 24/7. That said, getting wins over Ottawa, New Jersey, and Carolina aren\u2019t really awe-inspiring. Their 3-0 shutout win over Montreal was a solid psychological boost after their failure against Montreal last year. A win against the Penguins in Pittsburgh today in front of 65,000 fans is the exact kind of win this temperamental Caps team needs to stay focused and to completely put that miserable losing streak in the past for good.\nWhat would be best for Washington would be to beat Pittsburgh and beat them handily with their offensive stars like", "What is the recommended approach to removing wall claddings according to the text", "SUPER NANOWAX V5.0\n- The MOST Effective Wax that brings your Car Shine\n- GREEN SUPER NANOWAX V5.0 \u201cTHE BEST\u201d in the market!\n- It repels \u2018Water\u2019 and make your c", "ses on respected labels like Goodlife and Properproud, it was time for this French project to release a fulltime album that contains collaborations with four famous artists: The Hacker, The Horrorist, Beta Evers and French superstar Martin Dupont. Influenced by the old school electronic scene (Front 242 / D.A.F / Liaisons Dangereuses / Severed Heads).\nMillimetric presents a wonderful modern album with old EBM influences full of potential club hits! HIGHLY recommended!\"...", "What is the purpose of Astute License Demand Management in relation to licensing risk", "ve it in the opposite direction the nails are pointed. If you have access to only one side of the wall that means pulling it free rather than pounding through it.\nStanley\u2019s FatMax FUBAR III is a professional grade tool made with solid steel construction and no-mercy design. I use its duck-billed jaw to plunge through the wall cladding, and then I\u2019ll hook the lath behind it. One good yank and heaps of plaster crack free. Keep going, you\u2019ll see the path to the lath.\nI\u2019ve also used the DemoDawg tools with excellent success. Again, plunge the flat-bar-like nose of the tool behind the cladding and lever or pull everything else off.\nNext demo tool on the list is a unique one called the Gutster. This is a universal demo tool that appears equally at home stripping shingles (which I\u2019m doing with it now) as it does ripping up deck boards or taking down plaster\u2013which I have not done yet with it. Stay tuned on that one. We have some interior demo coming up that I\u2019m looking forward to.\nThe take-away here: When it comes to wall claddings, to trash it, don\u2019t smash it. Get a rugged tool behind it and pull. Or, if you\u2019re stripping both sides of the wall, pull off one side then push off the other from the back-side.\nSmart beats brutal almost every time.\nWant to know more about this project? Check out how we planned to tackle our bathroom remodel.", "Here for you today, here for you tomorrow, but always closed on Tuesdays\nContinental's Freeride Tubes are made of seamless butyl rubber and are individually tested for top quality. These heavy-duty tubes are tough and built to withsta", "s: Cedarwood, Sandalwood, Musk\nIt\u2019s a version of Burberry weekend, I didn\u2019t hand blend the fine fragrance but I\u2019m happy with the essence of perfume I made with it. I sold one, gave some away as a gift, and kept about an ounce of it to reflect on in the future.\nI used the formula here.\nBe sure to use a glass bottle to prevent the scent from evaporating. Plastic is more porous and will allow air in and evaporate the fragrance. In a month this will result in an icky alcohol smelling spritz.\nI would also advise you to use verbac, or denatured (sometimes called deodorized) ethyl alcohol. This skips the one-week curing stage and your fragrance becomes ready to use.\nI gave my mom some, and she used wayyyyyyyy too much. For some reason, my allergies acted up when I went into the room she was using. The fine fragrance I used is definitely not phlatelet free. If you are sensitive too, I suggest you hand blend a fine fragrance blend using the note information above using Essential oils or E.O.s", "What reason led to the driver being taken into custody after the accident", "What ingredients were included in the perfume blend mentioned in the text", "What common misconception do people have about the appropriate tool for demolition in bathroom remodeling", "We begin our bathroom\u2019s anti-transmogrification by gutting it. The birch paneling (ack!), plaster, lath, strapping\u2013all of it has to go leaving us with the tabula rasa of the home\u2019s structural terra cotta block walls so we can frame new walls against it.\nThe Wrong Tool for the Job\nAnd what\u2019s the tool many people think of when they hear \u201cdemolition?\u201d Right. Sledgehammer.\nI know why.\nOn nearly every home renovation TV show I\u2019ve ever seen, TV contractors and homeowners start the camera-friendly demolition by pounding mercilessly through drywall, plaster, lath, corner-bead, etc., with blunt-force trauma.\nI guess it makes good reality TV, but it doesn\u2019t make good reality. There\u2019s almost no tool I can think of that\u2019s less appropriate than a sledgehammer\u2013especially if you\u2019re backed up against a wall that isn\u2019t supposed to be damaged. Note: A sledgehammer does have a specialized place in old-house bathroom remodeling, which I\u2019ll get to in a future post.\nThe Right Tools for the Job\nComplaints, however, are useless without solutions, so without further adieu here are some of my favorite appetite-for-destruction, rip-\u2019em-and-strip\u2019em, take-no-prisoners demolitions tools and techniques.\nThe first thing to realize about plaster and wood lath (or 1-by floor sheathing, corner bead, board-and-bead paneling, etc.) is that it is way easier to remo", "For sale I have a like new set of BMW Style 393 wheels. This is for wheels with TPMS, valve stems, and center caps. These are for sale through the dealership I work for, Germain BMW of Naples, FL. The wheels are practically brand new. The car was ordered, customer bought upgraded wheels, when the car came in these wheels were taken off and the new ones installed. I know these are n", "What is the key feature of GREEN SUPER NANOWAX V5.0 that makes it stand out in the market", "What techniques can speakers use to enhance the impact of their speeches, according to Max Atkinson", "What significant actions did John Kerry take to oppose powerful administrations in his political career", "What must Twump do to escape and where does he need to go to accomplish this", "l election in 1980 by offering up these words: \"This is a moment of quite some mixed emotions for me... I haven't been on prime-time TV for quite a while.\" Another memorable example is Margaret Thatcher's \"You turn if you want to... the lady's not for turning.\"\nCOMBINING THE TWO\nThe average applause during a speech lasts about eight seconds, says Mr Atkinson. For a more rapturous reception combine these two techniques. Benjamin Disraeli carried it off well with \"There are three kinds of lies... lies, damned lies and statistics, while the full Tony Blair quote actually went \"ask me my three priorities... education, education, education.\"\nA \"master\" of imagery in speeches, says Max Atkinson\nImagery requires the use of skilful similes. Think Denis Healey's observation that being attacked by [Tory chancellor] Geoffrey Howe was \"like being savaged by a dead sheep\". Or Muhammad Ali's \"float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.\" Martin Luther King was the master of imagery, says Mr Atkinson, noting how his \"I Have a Dream\" speech started with an extended banking simile. \"We have come to our nation's capital to cash a cheque\" before going on to talk of the \"tranquilising drug of gradualism\".\nAmplification and the prevalence of wireless microphones enable speakers to get away from the lectern and walk as they talk. Mr Atkinson approves, so long as the speaker's movements aren't monotonous. \"Moving around helps to drain the adrenalin; stops the build up of physical tension.\"\nThe words alone are not enough. The best public speakers practise their delivery. \"When I first started working with Paddy Ashdown he never practised his speeches,\" recalls Mr Atkinson of the former Lib Dem leader. \"It never occurred to him. But I advised him and after that he would practise hard to the extent he would read his speech out to an empty conference hall the night before.\"Lend Me Your Ears by Max Atkinson will be published in September by Random House", "How do clients find answers to their incongruences and discord during dialogue", "What training does The Keyword Academy offer regarding blogging", "What are the implications of the game for both Washington and Pittsburgh based on their current standings and player lineup", "go, complaining to You that the human brain was too thin to deal with my powerful reptilian brain. Sigh. I do have upwellings of my deeper selves. But, they have ENERGY and STRENGTH in them! They are MY RESPONSIBILITY to manage . . . to love and care for. Double sigh!\nSo, today, Silent Saturday, \u2014 that profound gap between the Death of Jesus and the Resurrection of Jesus \u2014 seems like a very good time to resume our conversation. I think it was Father Keating who said, \u201cSilence is God\u2019s first language. All else is a poor translation.\u201d\nAh, help me to be silent, too. And to listen with my heart.", "6 PM|\n|Review by JuliusSnoozer:||User Rating:|\nCatapres (clonidine): Clonidine will prevent a migraine for me, if I take it as soon as the headache is starting, and sometimes even helps after it's under way. Of course, the drug does cause wooziness, so I have to be careful about standing up or making other sudden moves. It's very effective, and cheap. Give it a 10.\n|April 13, 2009 12:01 PM|\n- Clonidine Consumer Overview\n- clonidine MedFacts Consumer Leaflet\n- clonidine extended-release tablets MedFacts Consumer Leaflet\n- clonidine patches MedFacts Consumer Leaflet\n- clonidine suspension MedFacts Consumer Leaflet\n- clonidine tablets MedFacts Consumer Leaflet\n- clonidine Concise Consumer Information\n- clonidine transdermal Concise Consumer Information\n- clonidine Epidural Advanced Consumer\n- clonidine Oral, Transdermal Advanced Consumer\n- clonidine Transdermal Advanced Consumer\n- Clonidine Monograp"]}