{"q_indices": [66, 17, 37, 74, 33, 116, 69, 92, 52, 44, 26, 30, 126, 63, 109, 27, 78, 82, 112, 39, 51, 122, 79, 96, 72, 103, 108, 47, 86, 98, 83, 23, 97, 58, 99, 15, 60, 20, 43, 95, 107, 9, 84, 123, 87, 102, 10, 65, 68, 4, 118, 93, 111, 3, 80, 21, 71, 100, 6, 16, 64, 11, 56, 88], "a_indices": [28, 125, 114, 104, 53, 89, 67, 113, 91, 55, 70, 13, 115, 54, 81, 2, 110, 40, 119, 45, 5, 117, 62, 50, 75, 32, 85, 106, 7, 42, 29, 14, 101, 38, 76, 124, 77, 8, 120, 57, 46, 35, 48, 36, 121, 0, 41, 12, 127, 34, 61, 25, 22, 73, 94, 18, 59, 24, 105, 1, 31, 49, 90, 19], "texts": ["standing in the middle of the bikeway? A photographer could wait for hours before suitable subjects showed up.\nI suspect strongly that the photo was staged, and the cyclists were recruited for the photo shoot. The Green Lane Project would then carry some responsibility for their actions, and not only for the choice of the photo.\nAs is typical of Green Lane Project work, the photo is carefully framed to, well, create an impression. It is said that the camera doesn\u2019t lie, but on the other hand, perspective can play tricks. What looks like a continuous wall at the right side of the photo is actually a line of widely spaced flexible barrier posts, as is clear in the Street View image below, which also shows a treebox on the sidewalk. It is filled to the brim, though the photo was taken in midsummer.\nThe video of one of my own rides on this street is posted below. I am riding northbound \u2014 in the opposite direction of Keri\u2019s ride in the earlier video \u2014 and Keri is behind me, shooting video with her helmet camera. At 3:37, a pedestrian walks out between flex posts into my path. At 4:40, there\u2019s a conflict with oncoming bicycle traffic. Both these situations required me to slow abruptly. There are several left-hook conflicts and a couple of oncoming right-cross threats.\nWe cross T street at 11:47 in the video. Total time from H street to V street was 14 minutes, 31 seconds for an average speed of 5.1 miles per hour. Waiting time was 5 minutes 21 seconds. The traffic light timing was more favorable, but this direction is slightly uphill. 15th Street Cycletrack at Rush Hour from Keri Caffrey on Vimeo.\nWhile young children and novice cyclists aren\u2019t safe on a busy street, it\u2019s certainly fair to ask whether they are safe on this bikeway, considering that it wasn\u2019t safe for me.\nDuring rush hour, major intersections on the bikeway descend into chaos, as shown in another of Keri Caffrey\u2019s videos.\nAre there better alternatives? Yes, in education and in infrastructure choices, among other things, but they require a bolder, broader, more knowledgeable and more flexible approach than we see here.\nOne more comment about the cyclists in the video: as I\u2019ve made clear elsewhere, I strongly advocate helmet use, but I don\u2019t promote mandatory helmet laws. Lacking near-universal acceptance of helmet use, such laws can do more harm than good, in my opinion. I give my reasons for that in another article.\nOn the other hand, as my good friend Sheldon Brown liked to say, a parent who puts a helmet on his child but doesn\u2019t wear one himself is offering the example \u201cdo as I say, not as I do,\u201d and unnecessarily risks leaving the child an orphan.\nFinally: As I noted in my previous post, someone at Momentum Magazine deleted comments I left on its blog. The comments were as polite as these, but much shorter. The author of the Momentum Magazine article, Managing Editor Duncan Hurd, commented on my previous post, suggesting a dialog by e-mail. I responded saying that I welcomed a dialog. The only more recent communication I have had from him is a second comment describing my observations as \u201cconcern trolling.\u201d\nMy friend Khalil Spencer posted comments on the Momentum Magazine article later, and those too were deleted. Khalil has posted on his own blog about that. His post makes good reading.", "ushed to St Luke's Hospital where she died from her injuries a short time later.\nGardai remain at the scene and a technical examination is taking place.\nAnyone with information is asked to call Kilkenny gardai on (056) 777 5000", "throom or maybe kitchen house remodeling work involves the require to dispose of outdated or broken appliances and fixtures for instance stoves, tubs, washbasins, and loos. It also includes the need to dump materials made from wood for instance cabinets and flooring. Leaving this dirt on the side of the property or developing can lead to an unhealthy hazard along with the use of a new dumpster allows you to dump everything in 1 clean brush. There is no need to different trash and hang up appliances away for location pickup, to breakdown the cabinets and hang up them directly into bags several each waste day or maybe to drive this mess to this dump lawn. One Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass will handle the entire work from start off to finish.\nSimilar to many others moreover, you may might find this job the one which you don't want to do. If you are one of such people then to make your lives easier there are some companies offering Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass and garbage bin rental services.\nThe biggest benefit from going with a expert Junk Removal and Dumpster Rental company is that you get to sit down back relax learning the job will be done right and professionally! The lies in not falling for people fly by means of night employees that feature affordable prices over the telephone. They may appear good at risk, but the problems only start off when you finish the call. They could not make an appearance, they may increase the price once they do come away. If you have ever transferred, this type of strategy will predicament to you. This could even become worse, they may not insured. They may damage your own house, or your neighbors' house. They could obtain injured and sue you actually. If almost everything goes good at your website, your worries are not more than, when they leave. Then there is the situation of getting rid of your waste, are they doing the work properly, are they adhering to this dumping bylaws in your town or are they illegally disposal your waste and crap. If the person with his pickup truck can't be located YOU COULD BE HELD LIABLE. How can you avoid the snare? Don't buy any kind of smaller than you are heading to need, both. Trash Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass publication rack more than happy to provide you with a new dumpster once they come to acquire your outdated one, but it's going to cost. Not to talk about the fact that there may be only so small a new dumpster's going to move. If you have an excessive amount of trash to get a pickup and not enough to get a 10 yard dumpster yourrrre going to finish up paying for whole rental on which second dumpster. Speak to the customer assistance representative for your trash Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass service provider if you aren't certain what size you will need. They can aid in making the right choice once.\nThe next choices you'll need to create when it comes to Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass, AK will have to do with measurement and amount. For most people, you may be enough. The smaller you go, the cheaper and more convenient it can usually always be. Talk to this company and find out their rates, telling them everything you know about how long you may need it and once you'll want it picked up. Although a small one might do the trick, it's wise to go somewhat big bigger you think you may need. It may be more expensive, but it will save you a lot of hassle should you wind up acquiring more throw away than you actually suspected.\nThrow away management corporations offer numerous customer oriented choices like customized rates and setting up. They can pick-up your dumpster every time between the duration of 24 hours. They're able to also offer the particular facility connected with immediate pick-up. Generally, waiting for time can be under 2 hours, depending on certain conditions.\nWill be daily rental fee? Some corporations will charge an everyday rental fee thus be sure to inquire if the rental cost is included or otherwise.\nIf you're embarking on a major cleanse, or if you've got large scale product disposal or even garbage removal requirements, hiring a dumpster service is a great idea. Just make sure you know moving in exactly what products and services your dumpster company offers so that you can employ normally the one that's right for you.\nEssentially the most important specifics you need to contemplate when it comes to dumpster rentals is that dimensions are very important. You will find that dumpsters come in various sizes and you'll want to opt for the appropriate measurement for your needs. Because you need to ensure that it is just right to hold the many trash you have until pick-up, you don't want to pay for something that is just too big large to meet your needs either. Think about the dimensions of the dumpster before choosing. Additionally, consider the differences between the front load and also roll away from containers when trying to choose the right rental on your waste managing needs.\nThe next types of dumpsters available are throw off dumpsters. Necessities such as dumpsters that are most in-demand in the waste disposal task. They are distinctly designed to handle huge plenty of waste made in the large projects just like construction, residence renovation, and also yard cleanup and building projects. Garbage accumulated with completion of most of these projects doesn't just be incredibly huge, but also very ungainly in nature. The actual roll away from dumpsters is usually installed on wheels to be able to easily be combined on to the trucks. Most of these roll away from dumpsters being closed with the twice doors, one particular on the top the other at the bottom may facilitate effortless dumping to the dumpster however big it is. Not every the throw off dumpsters may fit all kinds of the task; it is different from project to task. A 10yard dumpster is a best match for a home rehabilitation project, the 30 property for building project and also a 40 property for business disposal.\nPlease use the form below to contact us. We look forward to working with you and will get back to you as soon as possible. All fields are require", "What is the suggested length for submissions and how should they be sent", "What deadline did President Trump set for reaching an agreement to 'fix' the Iran nuclear deal", "NASSAU, Bahamas (AP) -- It started with a victory at home in the Japan Open. It ended with another trophy in the Bahamas against a short but strong field.\nFive tournaments. Four victories.\nThe way Hideki Matsuyama is playing, he might wish the Masters started next week. Or maybe not.\n\"I'm kind of glad it's not,\" he said with a broad smile, \"because I don't think I could win next week.\"\nWinning must be exhausting for the 24-year-old Japanese star, and no one has been more proficient at it over the last two months. Even more alarming is that Matsuyama is making it look easy, although getting through the final nine holes at the Hero World Challenge felt as heavy as walking through the beach sand of the Bahamas.\nComing off seven-shot victories in the HSBC Champions and the Taiheiyo Masters, he had a seven-shot lead over Henrik Stenson going into the final round at Albany Golf Club. Matsuyama didn't make another birdie after the ninth hole, and his lead was reduced to two shots with two holes to play when he closed with two pars for a 1-over 73 and a two-shot victory.\n\"I can't say that I played well today,\" he said. \"But I did win Tiger's tournament, and what a great honor it is.\"\nMatsuyama said Tiger Woods has been his golfing idol as long as he can remember, and as much as he enjoyed winning, he was just as happy to see Woods back in competition. Woods led the field with 24 birdies, but six double bogeys contributed to a 15th-place finish in the 17-man field.\nThe first time he heard of Woods was when Matsuyama was 5 and watched video - \"over and over and over again,\" he said - of Woods winning the 1997 Masters. Three years later, Woods won 10 times around the world, including the final three majors in what is considered his best season.\n\"Unfortunately, I wasn't able to see all those wins because they didn't have the broadcast in Japan,\" Matsuyama said. \"But I knew Tiger was winning, and I knew he was very good. And I almost expected him to win every tournament.\"\nPerhaps he is starting to appreciate what it's like to get on a roll.\n\"I'm not even close to being mentioned in the same sentence as Tiger,\" he said. \"But I am working hard, and hopefully, little by little, I'll get better and better.\"\nMatsuyama isn't t", "What prompted the Gardai to be called to an address in Freshford", "Well, when one door closes another one opens they always say!\nWe were to start a Nancy Drew Blog Hop in January but the fabric is coming out way too late to give everyone time to make their creations so Madame Samm has put that hop off until March and in it's place has given us something fun to do instead!!\nThis blog hop has us including words on whatever we create, be it pieced, paper pieced, appliqued, stitched... or whatever medium we create in!! This is going to be a lot of fun and so exciting! I am going to be anxious to see what everyone creates for this hop!", "use question? That's important. If judge Alsup finds that the Java APIs in question, or APIs in general, fall under fair use law then it's all a moot point. Courts in the EU have found that software APIs are not subject to copyright or patent, and all fall under the fair use laws -- meaning it's fair for anyone to use them. Many feel that judge Alsup will rule the same way, and all this was for nothing.\nWe're not lawyers. We don't pretend to be lawyers, don't play lawyers on TV and didn't even sleep at a Holiday Inn Express last night. We're tech nerds, smartphone enthusiasts, and Android fans. All we know is that one group of millionaires is arguing with another group of millionaires about who gets what percentage of our money. Of course, both Google and Oracle claim victory, official statements are after the break. We'll keep an eye on things so you don't have to. Right now, I need an Excedrin and a whiskey sour.\nGoogle's official statement about today's proceedings --\nWe appreciate the jury's efforts, and know that fair use and infringement are two sides of the same coin. The core issue is whether the APIs here are copyrightable, and that's for the court to decide. We expect to prevail on this issue and Oracle's other claims.\nOracle's official statement about today's proceedings --\nOracle, the nine million Java developers, and the entire Java community thank the jury for their verdict in this phase of the case. The overwhelming evidence demonstrated that Google knew it needed a license and that its unauthorized fork of Java in Android shattered Java's central write once run anywhere principle. Every major commercial enterprise -- except Google -- has a license for Java and maintains compatibility to run across all computing platforms.", "What event did Imran Khan speak at in Dera Ismail Khan on Saturday", "What are the key features of the Spring and Summer Leagues for rugby teams in Ireland as described in the text", "What is the purpose of the shop mentioned in the text segment", "mportant particularly given these current economic climes being experienced by all.\nRegistration of teams is performed online only (see www.irfutag.ie) and this will be possible from January 9th. Bear in mind, some venues fill up even by mid-February so there is no time like the present for getting your team together.\nTeams registering over the course of the coming weeks can also qualify for the IRFU Tag Rugby 2012 Competition Draw.\nPlayers or teams can win VIP tickets to see Ireland play at the Aviva Stadium and exclusively invitations to post-match receptions too.\nDetails of draw and how to enter will be revealed here along with the list of this year's Volkswagen Tag venues when registrations go live.\nAll queries may be sent to by email to firstname.lastname@example.org", "eck signed with the Giants as an undrafted free agent out of Virginia Tech last year. He was released at the end of training camp after sustaining a neck injury in practice. He then signed a futures contract with the Steelers in February before being waived in May.\nMalleck caught 45 passes for 484 yards and four touchdowns in his final two seasons at Virginia Tech", "that I would work for free to pass my NQT year. Is this something that would be viable? How do you think I should go about this if it would be? Thank you in advance for any for any guidance.", "What are the three ingredients Count Bram needs to rid himself of his vampire's curse", "What happened to the individual at St Luke's Hospital", "What did the author expect Ashley's wedding gown to look like", "particular passion for companies who are experiencing some level of chaos due to growth and or decline. She provides corporate and strategy coaching to medium sized international businesses and is heavily involved in collaborative leadership research projects in the field of leadership and entrepreneurship", "This claim overlaps the British and Chilean claims, though all territorial claims in Antarctica are currently suspended (although not abandoned) under the Antarctic Treaty System. Argentina also claims the British overseas territories of the Falkland Islands (Spanish: Islas Malvinas) and South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands. In addition a 50 kilometres (31 mi) long border with Chile in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field is awaiting demarcation as required under a 1998 treaty.\nOn 22 April 2009, the Argentine government submitted a claim to the United Nations (UN) for 1,700,000 square kilometres (660,000 sq mi) of ocean territory to be recognised as Argentina's continental shelf as governed by the Convention on the Continental Shelf and Convention on the Law of the Sea. Argentina claims to have spent 11 years investigating the matter and submitted 800 kilograms (1,800 lb) of documents in support of the claim. If the claim is recognised by the UN then Argentina will gain the rights to the commercial exploitation of the sea bed (which includes mining and oil drilling). The new claim will add to the existing 4,800,000 square kilometres (1,900,000 sq mi) of commercial shelf already managed by Argentina and includes the disputed British overseas territories of the Falklands, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands and parts of Antarctica disputed with Chile and the United Kingdom.\nArgentina, through its Coast Guard and Navy, has been traditionally greatly involved in fishery protection in the Argentine Sea with the first major incidents tracing back to the 1960s when a destroyer fired and holed a Russian trawler and continued through recent years.\nIn November 2006, an Argentine judge issued an arrest warrant for former Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and eight other ex-officials in relation to the 1994 bombing of the Jewish-Argentine Mutual Association (AMIA) community center in Buenos Aires which killed 85 people. Iran refused to carry out the arrest demanded by the warrant claiming it to be a \"Zionist plot\". As a result, President N\u00e9stor Kirchner ordered the security forces to be on the alert for incidents similar to the 1994 bombing.\nArgentina has a dispute with neighboring Uruguay about two pulp mills on the Uruguay side of the shared Uruguay River near the Argentine city of Gualeguaych\u00fa. Residents of Gualeguaych\u00fa, concerned about pollution from the mills, blockaded bridges across the river in 2006. The case was brought before the International Court of Justice. No final judgement has been passed yet by the ICJ but the denial of preliminary measures in July 2006 allowed the mills to began functioning.\n|Country||Formal relations began||Notes|\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Brazil relations\nAfter democratization, a strong integration and partnership began between the two countries. In 1985 they signed the basis for the MERCOSUR, a Regional Trade Agreement. Also on the military side there has been greater rapprochement. In accordance with the friendship policy, both armies dissolved or moved major units previously located at their common border (e.g. Argentine's 7th Jungle and 3rd Motorized Infantry Brigades). Brazilian soldiers are embedded in the Argentine peacekeeping contingent at UNFICYP in Cyprus and they are working together at MINUSTAH in Haiti and, as another example of collaboration, Argentine Navy aircraft routinely operates from the Brazilian Navy carrier S\u00e3o Paulo.\nOn 7 September 2008, the President of Argentina, Cristina Kirchner, traveled to Brazil where she was the guest of honor at the Independence Day celebrations and witnessed the military parade in Bras\u00edlia. The following day, she held discussions with the Brazilian President Luiz In\u00e1cio Lula da Silva on a variety of bilateral issues including energy, defense and nuclear cooperation. Brazil's decision to prevent a Royal Navy ship docking in Rio de Janeiro was seen as backing Argentina over the Falklands dispute.\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Canada relations\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Chile relations\nArgentina and Chile share the world's third-longest international border, which is 5,300 km long and runs from north to the south along the Andes mountains. During much of the 19th and the 20th century, relations between the countries chilled due to disputes over Patagonia, though in recent years relations have improved dramatically.\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Mexico relations\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Paraguay relations\nMain article: Argentina\u2013United States relations\nThe United States has a positive bilateral relationship with Argentina based on many common strategic interests, including non-proliferation, counternarcotics, counter-terrorism, the fight against human trafficking, and issues of regional stability, as well as the strength of commercial ties. Argentina is a participant in the Three-Plus-One regional mechanism (Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and the U.S.), which focuses on coordination of counter-terrorism policies in the tri-border region.\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Uruguay relations\nUS$1.4 billion was traded between Argentina and Venezuela during 2008. Argentine President Cristina Fern\u00e1ndez de Kirchner met Venezuelan President Hugo Ch\u00e1vez in Caracas on 11 August 2009. Kirchner called it a \"bilateral meeting [...] aimed at deepening our vital integration\". The two presidents signed deals intended to see Venezuela import leather, machinery and poultry from Argentina, whilst a rice importation agreement was described by the Argentine President as \"the biggest ever in Argentina's history\". The deals were said to be worth $1.1 billion. The meeting coincided with visits to Venezuela by dozens of Argentine businessmen. Ch\u00e1vez signed the deals at a time of increasing tensions with Colombia over the United States usage of its military bases.\n|Country||Formal relations began||Notes|\n|Croatia||1992-04-13||See Argentina\u2013Croatia relations|\n|Finland||May 11, 1918||\n|Greece||See Argentina\u2013Greece relations\nArgentina has an embassy in Athens and Greece has an embassy in Buenos Aires. At least 30,000 persons of Greek descent live in Argentina with about 5,000 with Greek passports. The majority of Greeks live in Buenos Aires.\n|Holy See||1940-04-17||See Argentina\u2013Holy See relations\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Russia relations\n|Serbia||See Argentina\u2013Serbia relations\nDiplomatic relations between Serbia and Argentina existed before the Second World War and were restored in 1946. Serbia has an embassy in Buenos Aires and Argentina has an embassy in Belgrade. The Ambassador (Charg\u00e9 d'affaires a.i.) of Serbia to Argentina is Martin Simovi\u0107. The Ambassador of Argentina to Serbia is Mario Eduardo Bossi de Ezcurra.\n|Spain||See Argentina\u2013Spain relations|\n|Switzerland||1834||See Argentina\u2013Switzerland relations\n|United Kingdom||1823-12-15||See Argentina\u2013United Kingdom relations\n|Country||Formal relations began||Notes|\n|Israel||1949-05-31||See also Argentina\u2013Israel relations, Argentine Jew, History of the Jews in Argentina|\n|Japan||1898-02-03||See Argentina\u2013Japan relations\nArgentina maintains an embassy in Tokyo and Japan maintains an embassy in Buenos Aires.\nDiplomatic relations were restored by the signing of the San Francisco Peace Treaty in 1952. Argentine president Arturo Frondizi visited Japan in 1960, and subsequently bilateral trade and Japanese investment into Argentina have increased in importance. Japanese imports were primarily foodstuffs and raw materials, while exports were mostly machinery and finished products. Members of the Imperial Family of Japan have visited Argentina on a number of occasions, including Prince and Princess Takamado in 1991, Emperor and Empress Akihito in 1997 and Prince and Princess Akishino in 1998. Argentine President Ra\u00fal Alfons\u00edn visited Japan in 1986, as did President Carlos Menem in 1990, 1993 and 1998.\nMain article: Argentina\u2013Malaysia relations\n|Pakistan||See Argentina\u2013Pakistan relations|\nArgentina and the Philippines were former Spanish colonies. In 2012, both countrie", "What are the core issues being debated in the case between Google and Oracle regarding the Java APIs", "What type of coaching does she provide to international businesses experiencing chaos due to growth or decline", "MMVS NJ and Staten Island Retreat - Sept 5th\nThe Marth Mariam Vanitha Samajam of the New Jersey and Staten Island area is hosting a regional retreat on Saturday, September 5th at 9:30am at St. Mary's Orthodox Church of Staten Island, NY (130 Park Ave).\nRetreat leader: H.G. Dr. Gabriel Mar Gregorios, Metropolitan of Thiruvananthapuram Diocese\nAll are welcome.\nFor more information:\nMrs. Soffy Vilson, Area Coordinator \u2013 848-250-5992\nMrs. Ani Ninan, Area Representative \u2013 973- 908-3140\nMarth Mariam Samajam\nThe Northeast American Diocese accepts", "Is it viable for someone to work for free to pass their NQT year, and what steps should be taken if it is", "'Aryan Holy Grail'\n- 5 Companies That Make Money By Keeping Americans Terrified of Terror Attacks\n- American Scientists Attempt to Sequence John Lennon's Genetic Code from the Beatle's Tooth\n- Area 51 Acknowledged By Feds: Early Spy Planes Mistaken For UFOs\n- Engage! Warp Drive Could Become Reality with Quantum-Thruster Physic", "as adjudged the \u2018best boxer\u2019 of the event. Ankushita goes viral in Social media. every one Congratulating her in facebook and twitter.\nMy heartiest congratulations to Assam's pride #AnkushitaBoro on winning gold (64 kgs) at @AIBA_Boxing Women Youth Boxing Championship 2017. We are all proud and elated. Keep it up. pic.twitter.com/vsZF8lSSqa\n\u2014 Himanta Biswa Sarma (@himantabiswa) November 26, 201", "Which tight end did the Baltimore Ravens sign following Dennis Pitta's injury", "What types of projects typically require the use of roll-off dumpsters according to the text", "I knew the shoes on the last post would get everyone excited\u2026but, for me, it\u2019s the absolutely lovely bride and her eclectic, vintage chic style that really soars in this wedding. She just seems like the kind of girl that I would want to be friends with\u2026one who has her own sense of style, her own unique perspective.\nBy the way, the shoes were actually bought on the fly from a clearance rack at DSW! Again, SO the kind of girl that I want to be friends with!\nFrom the FABULOUS photographer that sent us these images, Kate Triano\u2026\nThere was no official timeline, no formal sho", "I am NQT who has been applying for my first post since Jun 2009. With only one failed interview since this point I am desperate to secure a post and embark on my teaching career. I am so keen", "What happened to Malleck after he signed with the Giants as an undrafted free agent", "To deer dawn & more recently little deers.\nHere you will find art with a heart! I am inspired by the natural world around me and I do my upmost to create products that are ethically sourced & environmentally frien", "igners differentiate between light, color and sound via three interlaced spatial ribbons that are like a visualization of what the waves would look like in their minds.\n\"We've continued our experiments with silicone as we love the translucency and color overlaying effects that this material provides,\" say the two designers.\nWavy Ribbon Lighting\nMore Stats +/-\nMathematically Contoured Lighting\nSluggish Porcelain Lighting\nProgrammable Kinetic Lighting\nIlluminating Patio Umbrellas\nGradient Iceberg Lightin", "What changes were made regarding the Driver Responsibility Fee for Michiganders caught driving without a license or auto insurance", "m?\nIn January, President Trump signed off saying this was the last time the deal would be extended. Zerohedge reported, \u201cearlier this year, the President waived sanctions to give our lawmakers and our allies time to act.\u201d\n\u201cBut make no mistake about it: This is their last chance. Unless the Iran nuclear deal is fixed in the coming months, the United States of America will withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal immediately.\u201d\nLikewise, six weeks ago, VP Pence \u201csurprised Israeli lawmakers during a speech at the Knesset by declaring that the US would not recertify the Iran deal when it comes up for renewal again in May \u2013 leaving open the possibility that sanctions could be reimposed shortly after.\u201d\nShortly after the AiPac meeting in Washington D.C., Bibi Netanyahu goes to the White House!\nIsrael is kept abreast of what is going on with the new terms of the \u2018Iran Deal\u2019 but is not in actual negotiations. The \u201cEuropean Three\u201d are the UK, France and Germany. May12th is the deadline as reported by Zerohedge. \u201cTrump has set\u2026the deadline to reach an agreement \u2026 to \u201cfix\u201d the nuclear deal and avoid U.S. withdrawal.\u201d\nIn closing, President Trump has called on the Congress and our European allies to enact real and lasting restraints on Iran\u2019s nuclear and ballistic missile ambitions. And POTUS is doing all he can \u201cin hopes of securing a better deal. Though Iranian leaders have adamantly declared that they won\u2019t accept any modifications to the original deal\u201d per Zerohedge.**We need your help circulating our articles. Recently, social media platforms took strong measures to suppress our content! Please share this and all of our other articles everywhere possible to help spread the truth!**", "e attained,\" PTI Chairman Imran Khan said Saturday at a rally in Dera Ismail Khan.\nDera Ismail Khan was one of the sites of Sunday's sit-ins. The Express Tribune said some blockaded truckers insisted they were transporting civilian goods and not military supplies, prompting at least one fistfight between drivers and PTI supporters.\n\u00a9 2013 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Any reproduction, republication, redistribution and/or modification of any UPI content is expressly prohibited without UPI's prior written consent", "ports Picks\nDenotes a Featured Matchup.\nFeatured matchups are $35 per play and are guaranteed. If the pick loses, you will be credited 35 ATS Bucks to your account.", "What accomplishments were highlighted for 2015 in Summit County", "om getting a TCU or BYU. The Big 12 stays alive for now. There is always a chance A&M, Oklahoma, or someone else could pull a Colorado and join the SEC, Pac-10, or Big Ten.\nThe SEC can still get a footprint in \"Texas Land\" by landing Houston and TCU. TCU and BYU are both Christian schools which would fit well into the SEC culture, due to the southeast influence of the Bible Belt. There is also a possibility of Virgina Tech or a basketball power like Duke or North Carolina coming to the SEC.\nThe Big Ten seems to be happy at 12. Unless it can lure Notre Dame away from independence, it won't grow unless mega-conferences start up.\nWe must not forget that this is college football and it gets crazier and more unpredictable each year. At anytime, a bombshell could drop and a mega-conference could form, which would probably kill another conference. Or we could see a much needed playoff system (when is the last time this was talked about?).\nI will leave you with one phrase: \"Expect the unexpected.\"", "What are some of the issues discussed regarding the seat comfort in the truck", "Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege, Star Wars Battlefront, Just Cause 3, Assassin's Creed Syndicate and The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt. All games have been tested at 1920x1080 and 2560x1600 using two graphics quality settings.\nFirst we will look at a max VRAM usage scenario using the best in-game graphics quality settings, which we expect to be borderline playable on the mainstream GTX 960 and R9 380 with console-like 30fps. Then we'll be backing off the quality settings a bit for a more realistic and desired gaming scenario", "With Spring Leagues running for six weeks beginning in April and Summer Leagues from May to August, teams all over Ireland look set to be part of the biggest and best season yet.\nThe growth of Tag has been hugely successful in spreading the popularity of the game of rugby and its non-contact nature and social aspect have made it accessible to both men and women in the specially graded levels hosted.\nAll levels of skill and fitness are catered for at the IRFU's venues which, naturally, are rugby clubs which provide the best facilities for participants.\nNo team registration fee costs above \u20ac495. This means for an average team of 12-13 players each team member is effectively only paying around \u20ac4.5 per week for a season at a venue where the fee is this price.\nValue is also i", "! I am sure there will be tons of inspiring photos so I am getting a new folder ready!!\nMadame Samm gave us this board to place some words in that pertain to us personally. I just finished filling mine up but my creation may or may not contain these words. You will just have to come back on my day and find out! ha!\nIf you want to participate in the blog hop head on over to Linda's blog, as she is Madame Samm's partner in crime for this bout of fun! There, you will find a link to send her an email to get yourself signed up for the hop! You know you want to don't you", "Why did Troy Myers receive his diploma a few days after the graduation ceremony", "What kind of battery innovation did Tesla file patents for last September", "ents to hold it folded. I think you can drive with it folded, but personally I'd remove and put in the bed. It's heavy, maybe 30-40 lbs!\nOriginally Posted by Bhbdvm\nWhere/how can you tell on the window sticker the transmission is from Germany? It doesn't say \"buy\" next to it but at the bottom it has \"DE\". Is the \"DE\" the tip off?\n$500 extra charge.\nOriginally Posted by ShawnC13\nGreat looking truck thanks for sharing the pictures\nYou are welcome (to all of you)!\n- The seat bottom cushion feel like sitting on a park bench. It's hard :-(\n- The leather used on the seats is slippery, ugh.\n- Seat heaters/ventilation are great! If you've never had this, you don't know what you are missing.\n- Can't get the GD Homelink to work. I've programmed a lot of these and mine does nothing (no reset, no program, no flashing light) no matter what I do. Anyone with '13 programmed them? Help!\n- The 8-speed is smooth as silk, Porsche and Audi have used these exact ZF units for years, you have nothing to worry about. Relax, enjoy.\n- Paint look and quality is just incredible. On par with anything from any manufacturer anywhere.\n- The manual shift of the 8-speed is done with two buttons on the steering wheel. That is also the only way to get a display of what gear it is in. Display occurs in the dash display, bottom right corner.\n- Air suspension is awesome! Again, if you have never had such a thing (Cayenne has had this exact same system for almost three years now) you don't know what you are missing or appreciate how cheap you are getting this great technology. Porsche financially rapes their customers mercilessly for 8-speed/Air Suspension/Good sound system.\n- The rear area seat bottoms in my Crewcab fold in various ways and have a plastic fold out flat floor. Someone took the time to think through this.\n- The brakes look tiny to my eyes. The rotors are like the size of a CD disk! Well, maybe not that small but I fear for the first time I pull a trailer :-( Someone needs to develop a big-brake kit I think?\nI like everything about the truck other than lack of front parking sensors, seat bottom hardness and the slick as butter leather they used. I'd pay to have the damn seats re-covered if I knew who could do a quality job? Alcantara inserts could possibly fix them too.", "DERA ISMAIL KHAN, Pakistan, Nov. 24 (UPI) --\nMembers of a Pakistani political party said they staged sit-in protests Sunday along roads used to haul NATO supplies into Afghanistan\nThe Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf said it called the protests in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa region in response to a reported U.S. drone strike on Nov. 1 that killed militant leader Hakimullah Mehsud, which they said had also torpedoed planned peace talks.\n\"Before the elections, we promised to bring peace to the country, but without drones being stopped, peace cannot b", "What types of reports do designers assist in producing for clients mentioned in the text", "Old Dominion Monarchs vs William & Mary Tribe on 12/3/2019\nGame Date: 12/3/2019\nGame Time: 7:00pm EST\nNumber of Picks: 2\n|Old Dominion||@||William & Mary|\nPremium S", "dly.\nBoth shops are full with beautiful unique art and gifts.\nlittle deers was born from my vision to inspire children and to provide parents with Eco conscious clothes, art and much more .\nThank you for visiting!", "the packs.\nTo continue reading:\nWant the full story?\nGet TIME the way you want it\nWeek Digital Pass \u2014 $4.99\nPay-As-You-Go DIGITAL ACCESS \u2014 $2.99\nYear ALL ACCESS \u2014 Just $30! Best Deal!\nPrint Magazine + Digital Edition +\nSubscriber-only Content on TIME.com\nLearn more about the benefits of being\na TIME subscriber\nIf you are already a subscriber sign up \u2014 registration is free", "What were Hideki Matsuyama's recent tournament results and his feelings about winning", "How do the advertising revenues of Facebook compare to those of the overall U.S. media spending and who leads the digital ad market", "Michiganders caught driving without a license or auto insurance will no longer be on the hook for a Driver Responsibility Fee payable to the state -- and some local Twitter users celebrated the news.\nThe Driver Responsibility Fee was signed in 2003 by then-Gov. Jennifer Granholm. It assigned financial penalties paid annually to the state of Michigan to \"to encourage responsible driving behavior and practices,\" according to a site from her tenure.\nThe punitive fines are levied on drivers who are caught committing offenses like driving under the influence of alcohol, reckless driving and amassing more than seven points on a traffic record. Category 2 fines are assessed two years in a row. It's a $1000 annually if you're caught driving while intoxicated, in addition to any fees or penalties assessed by the municipality, and $500 annually for reckless drivers. Those fines will still be assessed under the 2003 law.\nBut the Driver Responsibility Fee was expanded to include punitive fines for drivers with no proof of insurance ($200) and driving without a license or on an expired license ($150.)\nVocal critics, including State Sen. Bert Johnson (D-Detroit), objected to the law's expansion to include drivers arrested for operating a vehicle without a license or valid auto insurance. They pushed through a law rolling back these particular fines last December, which finally took effect on Oct. 1.\nSen. Johnson, who began working on the legislation while in the state House, said", "BASF and Dow, will gather at the forum to put their heads together, share visionary perspectives on energy and delve into the development prospects and latest advances of clean energy. Meanwhile, the forum will also hold the 2017 MNC General Assembly Meeting and Sustainable Development Seminar.\nThe National Energy Administration, Hainan Development and Reform Commission, and Sanya Municipal People's Government have given their full support in materializing SEIF. The grand event is co-organized by China Association of Policy Science, China Petroleum and Chemical Industry Federation, and Changfeng Energy Inc., and undertaken by Sanya Changfeng International Energy Forum Co., Ltd., the Going Global Confederation and CPCIF Committee of Multinationals.CONTACT: Mr. Fu, Tel: +86-10-63074558", "be similar to owning Apple (AAPL) ahead of the original iPhone announcement. The electric utility industry is a trillion dollar industry.\nThe global automotive industry is a trillion dollar industry. Even after Tuesday's tremendous stock performance, Tesla's market cap sits at a paltry $31 billion compared to Facebook at $178 billion, Google at $410 billion and Apple at $470 billion. Tesla could be headed to $1,000 over the next 3 years to 5 years based on these market cap comparisons. Even at $1,000 a share, Tesla would have a smaller market cap than Facebook.\nWhat kind of battery innovation are we taking about with Tesla? Last September Tesla found itself in the headlines as it filed patents for hybrid battery packs that rely primarily on lithium-ion but draw power from metal-air packs on extended journeys.\nMetal-air battery packs have a shorter lifetime when exposed to regular charging but use more common elements like zinc or aluminum that drastically reduce batter costs. Using the metal-air to charge the lithium-ion could theoretically give Tesla cars a 400 mile range on a single charge. The utility of such innovation is widespread in a world that relies on power efficiency.\n\"We believe the days when Tesla is known purely as an auto company are numbered,\" said Adam Jones, analyst with Morgan Stanley. He continued, \"We believe we are witnessing the most disruptive intersection of manufacturing, innovation and capital experienced by the auto industry in more than a century. Tesla may be in position to disrupt industries well beyond the realm of traditional auto manufacturing. It's not just cars.\"\nPerhaps Tesla is more undervalued than we thought.\nAt the time of publication, the author was long Tesla but held no positions in any of the other stocks mentioned.\nThis article represents the opinion of a contributor and not necessarily that of TheStreet or its editorial staff", "Who has been the Minister of Foreign Relations of Argentina since June 2010", "pomp and circumstance of Saturdays graduation, but Mr. Clough and Mr. Norris were determined to make his ceremony memorable. Jim Myers, Troys father, was there to share in the celebration.\nTroy, the starting quarterback for the schools football team, walked proudly across the 50-yard line to shake Mr. Cloughs hand and receive his diploma.\nHappily, Troy is steadily recovering from his surgery and will be ready to pursue a degree in criminal justice at SUNY Brockport. He also has plans to play football at the college", "What are the implications of TCU and BYU possibly joining the SEC", "George Knapp shares some recent items of interest, including his I-Team report on an underground home for sale in Las Vegas as well as articles on Area 51 and companies profiting from the fear of terrorism.\n- Jesse Marcel Jr. Has Died\n- I-Team: Underground Las Vegas Home For Sale\n- Revealed: Himmler's secret quest to locate the", "What were the two key sections of the Oracle versus Google lawsuit that the jury focused on during the first phase of the trial", "India\u2019s Ankushita Boro wins gold in 64 kg category in World Youth Championship in Guwahati.\nThis is India\u2019s fifth gold at the championship. Ankushita Boro was declared as the best boxer in the AIBA Women\u2019s Youth World Championship 2017 in Guwahati on Sunday.\nCongratulations to Ankushita. Ankushita defeated the powerful Russian Ekaterina Dynnik 4-1 to the delight of local supporters.\nAnkushita w", "JIM BAKKER knows a vice when he sees it. The convicted preacher has kept busy in the Rochester, Minn., slammer by exhorting fellow prisoners to quit smoking. And he gets results. Prison officials say Bakker, who co-founded the eight-day smoking-cessation program in May 1990, used his \"inspirational and motivational\" skills to help 116 of the first 125 \"students\" throw away", "What are the main objectives of the SEIF organized by BASF and Dow", "What is the primary inspiration behind the art mentioned in the text segment", "What opportunities can teams win by registering for the IRFU Tag Rugby 2012 Competition Draw", "What aspects of the bride's style and personality stood out to the author in the wedding", "Phone interview with Jorg Michael from STRATOVARIUS\nBy Aniruddh \"Andrew\" Bansal\nMarch 17th 2011, Los Angeles CA\nJorg talks about the response to the new album \"Elysium\", guitarist Matias Kupiainen's contribution to the album, the 18-minute long title track, comparison to the previous album Polaris, his favorite tracks on Elysium, recently being diagnosed with cancer, the band's stand-in drummer", "What actions have President Trump and Vice President Pence taken regarding the Iran Deal", "What did Jorg Michael discuss in the interview regarding his experiences with the new album 'Elysium' and recent personal health challenges", "Following the loss of Dennis Pitta to another hip injury, the Baltimore Ravens have added another tight end to their stable.\nThe team signed former New York Giants and Pittsburgh Steelers tight end Ryan Malleck on Tuesday. To make room on the roster, the Ravens waived/injured cornerback Carlos Davis, who sustained a fracture in his leg earlier this offseason.\nMall", "What is one of the recent items George Knapp reported on that is for sale in Las Vegas", "What was the inspiration behind the design of the 'Symphony Lamp Chandelier' by Anna Strupinskaya and Alexey Ivashkevich", "news releases and articles. The suggested length is 400 words, but submissions of\nany length will be considered. Submissions may be sent via email firstname.lastname@example.org.\nPlease note that e-mailed articles should be pasted or typed into the body of the message; please do not send attachments.\nWe read all submissions promptly and will contact you within three business days if we are going to publish your article.\nIf you have not heard from us within three business days, please assume that we will not be able to publish your article", "Who is specifically thanked for their dedication and hard work during the absence of the writer at the Summit County Democratic Party", "Using the motion of light, color and sound waves as their muse, young Russian designers Anna Strupinskaya and Alexey Ivashkevich launched their stunning abstract lamp design during Milan Design Week 2014.\nThe 'Symphony Lamp Chandelier' was designed in a way so that the designers could both explore and portray the physical and metaphysical aspects of light and sound waves in an artistic way -- the abstract lamp design is no longer a whimsically abstract piece once you see the resemblance.\nThe crafty des", "A girl named Katya has been kidnapped by Count Bram, a vampire. The people of the town are in panic, and it\u2019s up to you to save her. Can you survive breaking into the vampire\u2019s castle? Do you have what it takes to save Katya?\nFirst, go to Vampire\u2019s Curse Island if you are not already there. You will arrive on Main Street.\nYou will see a lady to your right who is crying. Click on the lady to talk to her. She will tell you that Katya and her boyfriend are missing. You will tell the lady that you will see if you can rescue her daughter.\nGo all the way to the right, past the sign that says \u201cBram\u2019s Castle\u201d. You will find yourself in a rocky place that has a few trees. You will see a boy sitting on a rock. It\u2019s Katya\u2019s boyfriend. Click on the boy to talk to him. He will tell you that Count Bram took Katya away, but that he\u2019s not going to try to rescue her. He will walk away.\nJump to the top of the rock that Katya\u2019s boyfriend was sitting on by jumping from on the parts of the rock that sticks out and the tree limb. Once you reach the top, your Poptropican will freeze with fear. You will see a wolf come out of a cave to the left. Jump down to the other side of the rock. You will see a tree with a hole in it. Click on the hole. When the wolf comes by, click on the tree\u2019s branch to make it smack into the wolf.\nOnce the wolf is out of sight, jump back on the the rock. Jump down onto the other side of the rock, and go to the right, past a tree, over some spikes, up some stairs, onto an old part of a bridge, climb up a rope that\u2019s connected to a bridge, drop down to the left of the rope, and onto another part of an old bridge. That\u2019s when the wolf will attack you again. He will knock into you, forcing you onto a tree branch. Both you and the wolf will fall down. You will get a log. The Log will be added to your items.\nRepeat the process of going over the spikes, up the stairs, and so on. This time, when you get to the second part of the old bridge, jump up onto the vine that is hanging down over the bridge. Jump from one vine to the other until there are no more vines to jump onto. Drop down to the left, and you will land on a ledge of rock.\nThere is a vine hanging over the left part of the ledge. Climb up the vine and drop on the ledge of rock that was above the one that you were previously on. Go to the right. The wolf will probably attack you around here. The wolf will then run back to the bridge.\nContinue going to the right, jump over the small gap between the two ledges, and keep going right until you are in front of the bridge. Make sure that you don\u2019t actually go onto the bridge just in front of it. There will be a rope that connects to a wooden pole in the ground that attaches the bridge to the ground. If you look closely, the rope will already be broken part of the way. Click on the rope to break it completely. The bridge will swing down, and the wolf will fall down with it.\nMake a flying leap in the direction of the broken bridge. Hopefully, you will land on the bridge. If not, it shouldn\u2019t be too hard to get to it. Climb up the bridge and go to the right.\nYou will find yourself in a sort of graveyard place. Go to the right until you see a building that looks like a tool shed. Go inside the shed.\nThere will be a coffin with the statue of a girl on it. There is a book laying on top of the coffin, to the right of the statue. Jump up to get the book. The Teen Vampire Novel will go to your items. There will also be a crowbar that is leaning on the left side of the coffin. Go over to it to get it. The Crowbar will be added to your items.\nExit the shed. Go to the right until you see a second shed. Click on the shed\u2019s gutter to pick up part of it. There is an old-fashioned water pump next to the shed. Put the gutter down so that part of it is in front of the water pump and part of it is to the left of the pump. You can put the gutter down by clicking on it. Jump onto the pump\u2019s handle. Water will pour out of a gargoyle\u2019s mouth, into the gutter and out into a pit to your right that has spikes on the bottom of the pit. The water will stop when the pit is about halfway full of water. Jump on the pump\u2019s handle again to finish filling up the pit.\nJump into the pit and swim to the other side. There will be some stone steps leading up to an arch in the wall. Go through the arch.\nThere will be a boulder to your left. Walk over to it and start rolling it to the right. Keep rolling it until it falls into a small place that is indented. That will block the water coming out of it.\nGo back to the left and you will see a boulder that is trapped inside a big rock. Walk over to the rock. Go to your items, find the Crowbar, and use it to pry the boulder loose from the rock. Roll the boulder over to the right. It will fall into an indention to the right of the first one.\nKeep going right until you see a big rock with a bunch of little rocks that are sticking out. Use the rocks that are sticking out as a sort of ladder. Keep jumping from one rock to the other until you see another boulder. Push the boulder off of the rock and jump down after it. The boulder will roll into the fourth indention.\nThe only indention that doesn\u2019t have a boulder covering it is the third one. All of the water that was from the other three is now coming out of the third one, making a huge thing of water that goes straight up into the air.\nJump onto the thing of water. It will make you fly up into the air. Land on a windowsill. There will be a window that is broken to your left. Enter the castle through the window. You will find yourself in the Great Hall of the castle. It is so dark, you can barely see. Jump off of the bookcase that you are on top of and go to the right.\nYou will see a fireplace. There\u2019s nothing in the fireplace except for a bunch of glowing coals, though. Go to your items, find the Log, and use it. You will put the Log in the fireplace. Go back to your items, find the Teen Vampire Novel, and use it. Your will rip a page or two out of the book and put it under the log. Jump up onto the bellows that\u2019s next to the fire. Jump on it three times.\nGo to the right until you see a ladder. Push the ladder to the left until it is in front of a suit of armor that is to the left of the first bookcase. Go back to the fireplace.\nThere\u2019s a table to the right of the fireplace that has a bunch of candles on it. Click on the candles to get one. Light one using the fireplace. Run to the left, up the ladder, onto a ledge, onto another smaller ledge, and onto a chandelier that has a bunch of candles on it. The candles will light automatically when you get up there.\nThere are three more chandeliers to the right of the first one that you can get to by jumping from one chandelier to the other. Repeat that process with those chandeliers. You don\u2019t have to light the candle using the fireplace, though. You can use a chandelier that you have alre", "You probably heard that a partial decision was made in the Oracle versus Google lawsuit this afternoon. Nobody won, nobody lost (except us end-users, who will have to pay for all this somehow), and in reality things have only just begun to get interesting. If you're a lawyer, or pretend to be a lawyer on the Internet, you have plenty of places to get into fancy discussions, using words like discovery and writ, but I'm just here to try to break it down so that the average Joe (or Jane, or Jerry) can get a grasp on what's happening.\nThis was just the first phase of the trial. Judge Alsup has thrown most of the suit out of court already, leaving two sections to decide -- 37 Java API's, and their documentation. We'll start with the question about the documentation, because it's easy -- the jury found that Google did not infringe or unfairly take from the documentation. This means that the jury doesn't think that Google read how the code in question works, then stole the idea to do it their way.\nThe second question being decided today is a bit more muddy. When asked if Oracle had proven that Google \"infringed the overall structure, sequence and organization of copyrighted works\", they responded yes, that they believe Oracle did prove this point. However, they could not decide if this structure, sequence and organization should be allowed to be\npatented copyrighted in the first place. After reaching an impasse several times about the validity of copyright and fair-use, judge Alsup eventually told the jurors to act as if they were able to be copyrighted and will determine the fair use question later.\nPhase two now begins, and we expect more (and more) motions, fighting, and money being spent in the coming days and weeks. But what about that fair", "What specific GPUs were compared in the performance evaluation mentioned in the text segment", "What did Jim Bakker help fellow prisoners with while in prison", "What degree does Madeleine hold, and from which university", "When you are renting a 5, 10, 15, 20, 30 or 40 yard dumpster, you want a company you can trust with prices that make you smile. Give us a call today and see the difference we can make in your next construction or clean out project.\nSimply give us a call and we will help you figure out your dumpster rental needs.\nOur dumpsters usually go out same-day or next-day depending on when you call.\nWe provide top-notch service, while going easy on your bottom line. What more could you ask for?\nOur trained operators are here to give you a fast and hassle-free experience from start to finish.\nOnce you are done, simply give us a call and we will get your dumpster picked up right away!\nOur staff is here to help whenever you need it. Simply pick up the phone and give us a call.\nMost cities or municipalities do not have many regulations regarding dumpster rental as long as you keep the dumpster entirely on your own property during the rental period. If you need to place your container on the street in any way, you will likely have to obtain a permit from the appropriate building permit office in your town. You can check with your local public works department to be sure.\nMost Anaktuvuk Pass dumpster rental companies will take care of securing this permit for you if you rent from them. Make sure that if you\u2019re planning to put the dumpster on the street, the company has made the appropriate arrangements. You should also ensure that you get the permit in a timely manner and at the correct cost. If you thought the dumpster company was getting a permit and they did not, you will be the one who will have to pay the fine that is issued by the authorities.\nGot trash? Dumpster rental or full-service trash haulers can provide the particular customized trash removal program you need on your specific requires! A great answer for taking out the trash at most affordable expense hassle free is to hire a dumpster from the Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass, AK service provider. About placing an order with dumpster hire company giving your specifications, a right size dumpster will be supplied to your job location on time. The dumpster will stay on the front yard without unsettling your hectic schedule. You can place the garbage into the dumpster making the most of your convenient time and the particular dumpster will be sent to the right location at the perfect time without hindering your work.\nPlastic materials, metals, raw lumber, yard spend, glass and can all be placed into one pot. Items that are so large to possibly be handled with your regular garbage can simply be added too without worrying regarding the size. And this helps you buy your job done easily since you do not have to deal with splitting all the different items which would be required if they were being handled because recyclables.\nWhether you are planning to go for a home renovation project or want to create a new house for your self; you can't simply do the construction or possibly a home renovation action without hiring an experienced Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass, AKs firm. By dropping all the waste products in their dumpster, you might be completely finished your work.Following are some significant reasons for which you need to hire dumpster rentals companies for your residence construction or renovation project.\nFurniture as well as appliance disposal: Sure, hauling a few bags of newspapers or home trash inside trunk of the car just isn't too hard, although what about household furniture or devices? While appliance and household furniture disposal is virtually extremely hard with your sedan, a roll-off Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass, AK might take even most of these large goods. From sofas to dryers as well as beyond, dumpsters might take large as well as awkwardly molded items for simple disposal of any--and all--waste you have.\nA number of the reasons to receive a Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass, AK, are: Garbage variety, vegetation elimination, dirt as well as concrete elimination, brick as well as roofing elimination, block elimination, medical spend or asbestos fibers, tree providers, just plain trash removal, as well as recycling.\nIn case your scenarios fall into this group, you can ask for the permission from the municipal regulators to place the roll-off pot on the road, should the regulations of the city enable. The other technique to handle ab muscles to place the trash bin inside parking area put through to the conditions and terms of the Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass, AK firm that offers the particular service. Absence of license as well as fear of theft are the several reasons why the particular waste managing companies not allow placing the particular dumpster in the car parking zone.\nIt is very important intended for us to dispose the particular waste after it receives piled up. Trash generation within number of initiatives like home renovation, garden cleanup, as well as construction initiatives is expected; your carelessness to dispose the particular waste within environmental friendly manner inside shortest period possible will raise the effects of air pollution on the surroundings of the talk about.\nIn some states, you are required to obtain a enable before you rent a new dumpster. If you are not positive about the rules regarding the trash receptacles, you need to ask your neighborhood company you propose to use. They're going to inform you with regards to any makes it possible for required where to get them.\nWhenever you possess trash that really needs removing, first thing you should do is call your welcoming neighborhood Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass firm. No matter what assembling your shed is, they will give you a area to dump your junk and they can haul it all away at once. You shouldn't have to stall your cleanup as a way to not bombard your every week trash pickup truck; renting a new dumpster lets you take the trash away when you want to! Whatever the project is, a new dumpster fine songs the effort and fosters a win-win circumstance for everyone included and provides solutions for the questions of safety and personal hygiene. A ba", "What graphics cards are mentioned as being expected to achieve borderline playable performance on the highest graphics quality settings in the mentioned games", "What has been the experience of the NQT in applying for their first teaching position since June 2009", "What were the details of the basketball game between Old Dominion Monarchs and William & Mary Tribe that occurred on December 3, 2019", "We cover the full range of editorial services, from proofreading and editing to full management of the production of consultation documents. We write case studies, award submissions, blogs, brochures - all in a style appropriate to the target audience.\nWith editing, full corporate strategies and operating plans can be presented as clearly as possible, but for public reading we produce summary versions designed to grab and hold attention. We have recently distilled complex information in several lengthy Sustainability and Transformation Plans into simple summaries which are strong on design.\nWhen Plain Language accreditation is required we find very few amendments are required to our first drafts (keeping the cost down for our clients).\nFor those who want to go a step further in making their reports accessible we can create Easy Read versions using photos and drawings approved by the Foundation for People with Learning Disabilities. MLCSU\u2019s Bespoke Interpreting, Language and Communication Services (BILCS) provide a review of final drafts to give that extra assurance that they meet the needs of people with learning disabilities.\nOur Annual Report service\nOur team of experienced writers and d", "What has caused the rescheduling of the Nancy Drew Blog Hop to March instead of January", "What risks do the cyclists face as they ride through piles of leaves on the bikeway", "What claims does Argentina make regarding its territorial integrity and maritime rights", "the fees provided more hardship to poor residents, even going so far as to call the fees \"draconian.\"\n\"I thought it was a regressive tax from the beginning,\" Sen. Johnson told The Huffington Post. \"Citizens were being harmed in a way that was larger unfair.\"\nWhile dropping the fees for driving without insurance or a license will lose about $8 million to $13 million for the state, changing the law earned bipartisan support in the Michigan Legislature. His ideas ended up being adopted into legislation sponsored by Sen. Bruce Caswell. Johnson said he played a large part in supporting the passage of the bill.\n\"The policy was more important than the politics,\" Johnson said of the House Republicans' move to embrace the change. \"It's a needed relief.\"\nSen. Johnson lost a bid for the House to John Conyers, Jr. in the newly-redesigned 13th Congressional District, which hosted five Democrats in the August primary. But he told The Huffington Post that another Congress campaign still looks like his next political move.\nClick through the slideshow for reactions to the driver responsibility rollbacks on Twitter:\nCampaign Promise Fulfilled\nState Sen. Bert Johnson (D-Detroit) began to fight for eliminating what he called the \"egregious charges associated with the draconian Driver\u2019s Responsibility Fee\" while he was still in the state House. He says he championed the bill even though it was introduced by Senate Republicans.\nWe Need Answers\nPossibly Not The Best Idea\nAlso on HuffPost", "Foreign relations of Argentina\n|This article is part of a series on the\npolitics and government of\nThis article deals with the diplomatic affairs, foreign policy and international relations of Argentina. At the political level, these matters are officially handled by the Ministry of Foreign Relations, also known as the Canciller\u00eda, which answers to the President. The Minister of Foreign Relations, since June 2010, is Chancellor (es: Canciller) H\u00e9ctor Timerman.\nFrom isolation to nationhood\nOwing to its geographical remoteness, local authorities in what is today Argentina developed an early sense of autonomy. Based largely on economic needs, during colonial times their pragmatism led to a flourishing unofficial market in smuggled goods, out of the then-small port of Buenos Aires, in blatant contravention of the Spanish mercantilist laws. With the Enlightened despotism of the late-eighteenth-century Bourbon kings and the creation of the Viceroyalty of the R\u00edo de la Plata in 1776, trade increased as the political importance of the port-city of Buenos Aires soared. The urgency for a complete liberalization of commerce remained a powerful political cause for Criollos and Mestizos, further stimulated by the politically egalitarian and revolutionary ideals spread by the French and Anglo-American revolutions. Ultimately, the actual experience of successfully defending without Spanish aid the viceroyalty from a foreign invader during the 1806\u20131807 British invasions of the R\u00edo de la Plata, triggered a decisive quest for even greater autonomy from the colonial metropolis.\nBetween 1808 and 1810, the Napoleonic French Empire openly invaded Spain, after deposing King Ferdinand VII and taking him prisoner. A Spanish resistance formed an emergency government, the Supreme Central and Governing Junta of the Kingdom in order to govern themselves and the Spanish Empire in the absence of Ferdinand VII. But, when the Supreme Central Junta dissolved itself on 29 January 1810, under extreme pressure from Napoleonic forces, most of the main cities of Spanish America refused to acknowledge its successor, a Regency Council, as the legitimate depositary of sovereignty. They proceed to name their own local juntas, as a means to exercise government in the absence of the prisoner king.\nOn 25 May 1810, a Criollo-led cabildo abierto formally assumed the authority from Viceroy Baltasar Hidalgo de Cisneros. However, the ensuing United Provinces of South America (formed on the basis of the former Viceroyalty) declared itself independent on 9 July 1816, after Ferdinand VII was restored in 1815. During the Independence Wars no sovereign state recognized the United Provinces.\nUntil the fall of the Royalist stronghold of Lima in 1821, and the Battle of Ayacucho of 1824, territorial integrity was solely sustained by the military brilliance of Generals Jos\u00e9 de San Mart\u00edn and Manuel Belgrano, the continuous efforts of northern provinces defenders Mart\u00edn Miguel de G\u00fcemes and Juana Azurduy, among many others. However, during this same period, internecine power conflicts among diverse leaders, and ideological and economical struggles developed between Buenos Aires Province and much of the rest of the United Provinces, with many of the Provinces bonding themselves into a Federal League, inspired by Federalist Jos\u00e9 Gervasio Artigas' leadership. In practice, each side treated the other's grievances as a \"foreign policy\" matter.\nThe Unitarian Constitution of 1819 was immediately rejected by the provinces, and a state of anarchy ensued following the Battle of Cepeda. The only cause that could regain unity among the hostile factions was the 1825 invasion of what today is Uruguay on the part of Brazilian Empire. Uruguay, then known as the Province of the Eastern Bank of the Uruguay River, was considered a somewhat breakaway Province, since Montevideo served as the seat of the Royalist Viceroy Francisco Javier de El\u00edo during its war on the May Revolution; and that, after the independentists victory, the Province became the main stronghold of the Federal League leader Jos\u00e9 Gervasio Artigas, who waged a long and bitter dispute during the 1810s against the Unitarians about the shape the national organization would have.\nThe war crisis led to a new Constitution and a first semblance of a united national government, at the same time it represented the first foreign policy crisis of the young nation (known as Rep\u00fablica Argentina, per the 1926 Constitution), as it forced the nation into war with Brazil.\nThe common cause the crisis provided did lead to enough institutional stability to have the British Empire recognize Argentina (as President James Monroe had the U.S. State Department done in 1822) and led to the election of the first President of Argentina. The opportunity for unity, however, was wasted largely because the new President, Bernardino Rivadavia, pushed a new Constitution even more biased towards Buenos Aires' agenda than the failed 1819 document. The war with Brazil, moreover, went badly. Land battles were won, early on, and despite some heroic feats on the part on Irish-born Admiral Guillermo Brown, the war dragged on, resulting in bankruptcy. This and the hated new constitution led to the end of the first republic by 1828; it also led, however, to peace with Brazil and the formation of an independent Uruguay.\nThe 26 September 1828 treaty itself became another foreign policy crisis, as it triggered a violent coup d'\u00e9tat by generals opposed to what they saw as a unilateral surrender. The murder of the man responsible for the treaty, Buenos Aires Governor Manuel Dorrego, itself led to a countercoup that brought with it the promise of a lasting peace; but eventually led to destabilizing consequences.\nThe countercoup brought in a new governor for the Buenos Aires Province, who would in time become the leading figure of a loose confederation of Argentine Provinces (the so-called Argentine Confederation). Juan Manuel de Rosas made it his mission to stabilize Argentina in a confederacy under the tutelage of Buenos Aires Province. This led to repression, massacres of native Americans in the Pampas and, in 1838, an international embargo over the case of a French journalist tortured to death at Rosas' orders. An unyielding Rosas might have let the impasse continue for a decade or more; but, Admiral Guillermo Brown made his talents amenable once again, forcing the French blockade to be lifted in 1841.\nHaving come to power avenging the murder of a man who had decided to cease interference in Uruguay, Rosas invaded Uruguay upon the 1842 election of a government there antagonistic to his personal commercial interests (mainly centered in the export of cow hides and beef jerky, valuable commodities in those days). Commercially close with the French and British Empires, Uruguay's crisis met with swift reprisals against Rosas and the Argentine Confederacy from the two mighty powers. Slapped with fresh embargoes and a joint blockade, Argentina by 1851 found itself bankrupt and with \"rogue nation\" standing; on 3 February 1852, a surprise military campaign led by the Governor of Entre R\u00edos Province, Justo Jos\u00e9 de Urquiza, put an end to the Rosas regime and, until 1878, at least, serious Argentine foreign policy misadventures.\nConstitution and conflict resolution\nThe deposition of Rosas led to Argentina's present institutional framework, outlined in the 1853 constitution. The document, drafted by a legal scholar specializing in the interpretation of the United States Constitution put forth national social and economic development as its overriding principle. Where foreign policy was concerned, it specifically put emphasis on the need to encourage immigration and little else, save for the national defense against aggressions. This, of course, was forced into practice by Paraguayan dictator Francisco Solano L\u00f3pez's disastrous 1865 invasion of northern Argentine territory, leading to an alliance between 1820s-era adver", "NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- It's acceptable to refer to Internet advertising companies like Facebook (FB) and Google (GOOG) as tech companies. In reality, these ad companies do not qualify as real tech. Want to see real tech, look no further than Elon Musk's efforts at Tesla (TSLA - Get Report), SpaceX and SolarCity (SCTY).\nFacebook made a lot of noise with its $19 billion acquisition of WhatsApp and its 450 million users; some believe it was a brilliant acquisition as it enables Mark Zuckerberg to mask the user slowdown at Facebook's core site but others see the buy as evidence that Wall Street is drunk on social.\nFacebook's current growth rate looks great but consider that the total U.S. ad spending on media was $171 billion in 2013. This figure makes Facebook's market cap of $178 billion look ludicrous. Only $42 billion of the $171 billion was allocated to digital. By 2017, it's expected that $61 billion will be spent on digital advertising. Digital advertising is a small component of the economy.\nAnd guess who controlled $30 billion of the $42 billion spent on digital ads in 2013? Google. That leaves $12 billion spread among Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Yelp and any other Internet company fighting for relevancy.\nThe advertising pie is basically a fixed amount. It doesn't fluctuate with volatility. These numbers should scare a long term Facebook investors and they should strike fear into an investor in the second- third- fourth-ranked social networks. So, if Facebook operates in a $42 billion industry and is rewarded with a $178 billion market cap, where does that leave Tesla?\nAs Tesla's Gigafactory announcement approaches, we think Wall Street is in the process of shifting its label of Tesla from a car company to a tech company. Musk says the giga factory will build battery packs for future mass-market electric cars.\nOwning Tesla in front of the Gigafactory announcement may", "What will Alex Landenburg discuss regarding his tour with Helloween and the potential for a Helloween-Stratovarius tour in the United States", "What is the name of the boxer who won gold at the AIBA Boxing Women Youth Boxing Championship 2017", "Madeleine has an MA Soc. Sc degree from the University of Johannesburg. She was \u2018Woman of the Year Regional Entrepreneur\u2019 (SA Business Women's Association 2004). Her company was listed as one of the \u2018most promising companies\" by SARF. She relocated with her family to the Netherlands in 2007. Madeleine has a", "What future plans does Troy have after his graduation", "What subscription options are available for accessing TIME content", "What conference is indicated as potentially looking to expand to include teams from the WAC or MWC", "What does the author suggest about their creation that they can't reveal yet", "What is the main objective that the player must accomplish in the story", "What topic is addressed regarding government acknowledgment related to Area 51 in the text", "Out of every site, every source, almost every fan, and just about everyone else, few could have predicted this. Even I myself claimed the Big 12 to be dead, but now it seems Texas and the other nine will keep the conference alive.\nBut don't think for a minute that the dust has settled and everything is fine.\nA month or two ago, most of us thought that the first conference to expand would be the Big Ten and that it would not happen until the end of 2010. Well the Pac-10 was the first, and this all happened in June of 2010. We missed the date didn't we?\nIs expansion over? Absolutely not, just the big fish are gone. There is still the possibility of the Big 12, Pac-10, and even SEC expanding.\nThe Pac-10 now has an odd eleven teams and still wants to expand. With the 16-team conference out of the picture, they will have to settle for either 12 or 14. This could mean raiding a WAC or MWC.\nThe Big 12 probably will go for a Houston or TCU to expand back to 12. In fact, the Big 12 would benefit fr", "What concerns are raised about the safety for young children and novice cyclists on the bikeway from the author's experiences", "How do the designers visualize the differentiation between light, color, and sound in their creations", "We also owe much thanks to the amazing team of officers, interns, and volunteers here at the Summit County Democratic Party who continued working hard to put this organization on a stronger footing in my absence. Special thanks go out to Sandra Kurt, Chris Grimm, Russ Balthis, Bill Rich, and Pete Nischt for their dedication to that cause. I especially appreciate all of the hard work that Sandra Kurt dedicated to our Party as Acting Chair. \"Thanks, Sandra!\"\nDemocrats all over Summit County rose to new and unexpected challenges last year, and we accomplished some amazing things together. I am thrilled about the opportunity to continue our good work in 2016, and I can't wait to put another Democrat in the White House.\nSummit County Democratic Party", "Gardai remain at the scene in Freshford. Pic by Pat Moore\nA man has been arrested following the death of a woman earlier today.\nGardai were called to an address in Freshford this afternoon following an incident. The woman was r", "esigners ensure our clients\u2019 annual reports not only meet set standards and deadlines but are also engaging. The end result showcases achievements and sets the scene for the coming year.\nEach year we write and manage the production of approximately 30 annual reports for clinical commissioning groups and hospital trusts and 10 annual report summaries in a variety of formats. We can also offer this service to organisations outside of the NHS.\n\u201cThe communications and engagement team supported the CCG in developing and producing once again the CCG\u2019s Annual Report. The C&E team, which included copy writers and the design team, worked with the CCG to ensure appropriate working drafts were available to meet tight deadlines as per an agreed timetable for submission to committees and external audit and in making the changes to the final copy to meet the NHSE deadlines for submission. The outcome of working together produced and delivered a high quality report which reflected not only the achievements of the CCG but our statutory duties as well and was well received by members of the public and the CCG Board alike.\u201d\nAlex Palethorpe, Head of Governance, North Staffordshire Clinical Commissioning Grou", "Why did the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf stage sit-in protests along roads used to haul NATO supplies into Afghanistan", "What services are offered by the editorial team mentioned in the text", "What services does the Construction Dumpster For Rent in Anaktuvuk Pass, AK provide for construction and renovation projects", "Since publishing our annual graphics card roundup, we've received several reader inquiries regarding the performance difference between GPUs sporting 2GB and 4GB. Therefore we have put together a clock-for-clock comparison of the GeForce GTX 960 and Radeon R9 380 using 2GB and 4GB cards. Also along for the ride is the previous-gen Radeon R9 290 4GB and the newer (rebadged) R9 390 8GB, which have again been compared at the same clock speeds.\nFor testing we'll be using eleven games including new titles such as Tom", "Who is the retreat leader for the Marth Mariam Vanitha Samajam regional retreat on September 5th", "How does the backup camera function and what features does it have", "Alex Landenburg on their recent tour with Helloween, working with various musicians in his early days, plans for the rest of the year, the possibility of the Helloween-Stratovarius tour coming to the States, and the fan following for power metal in South America.\nDuration: 16 minutes & 28 seconds\nCheck out Stratovarius' official website.\nLooking for the best cable deals? Check out Cox Phoenix!", "I wanted to take an opportunity to thank and congratulate each of you for an amazing 2015 here in Summit County.\nTogether, you fought hard and laid some amazing groundwork for 2016. You defeated a Republican attempt to gerrymander our County Council districts, you came together with us to fund a county-wide sample ballot program, and you made it possible for our Party to contribute meaningfully to some of our most important races.\nCongratulations, especially, go out to Akron's new Mayor, Daniel M. Horrigan, the Akron Municipal Court's new Judge, Jon Oldham, the Stow Municipal Court's new Clerk, Diana Colavecchio, and all of the other great Democrats who fought hard for the privilege of serving our communities with integrity and Democratic values.", "SANYA, China, Nov. 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/. Themed on \"Green Energy and Low Carbon Economy\", the 2017 Sanya Energy International Forum (SEIF) will be held in Sanya, Hainan, China on December 7th and 8th, 2017. By then, about 200 pundits and academics from the energy sector from China and abroad will congregate at the forum to exchange views on the current global energy utilization, and integration and co-construction of green energy and smart city.\nThis forum will center on clean energy topics such as \"New Opportunities of International Energy Cooperation Under the Belt & RoadInitiative\", \"Future Development of Hydrogen Energy\" and \"Direction that the Electronic Vehicle Industry Is Heading Toward\". Representatives from China and foreign leading energy enterprises, including BP, Shell,", "What were the implications of the changes to the driver's responsibility fees according to Sen. Johnson", "he first player to get on a hot streak. Last year, Jason Day won four out of six tournaments against the strongest competition in the world, including the PGA Championship and a pair of FedEx Cup playoff events.\nMatsuyama now has 12 victories worldwide, and while he became the first Asian to win a World Golf Championships title, a major is where players are measured.\n\"You've got to do it in the big events in the summer, too,\" Woods said. \"So it's going to give him a boat load of confidence going into next year and he's going to be one of the top guys to beat for a very long time. Look at his swing, look at his game and look at the body that he has. It's built to handle the test of time.\"\nMatsuyama hasn't finished out of the top five since the Tour Championship, and while he can't explain why he keeps winning, this recent run likely dates to the Deutsche Bank Championship. It was there that Hiroshi Iwata suggested a drill for his putting, which has held Matsuyama back.\nIwata introduced him to the \"Pelz Putting Tutor,\" a small metal plate with two tiny steel balls at the end that are set apart just over the width of a golf ball. It is designed to help players line up putts and with their stroke.\nIwata's drill is to make 10 short putts in a row with a conventional grip, using only the left hand and only the right hand.\nPerhaps it helped this week that Matsuyama's caddie, Daisuke Shindo, wanted the week off. So he borrowed Iwata's caddie, Mei Inui. Not only does she know the drill, she managed to keep Matsuyama calm when his lead was slipping away.\n\"When things get tough, I sometimes put my head down and become quiet,\" he said. \"But Mei was always positive throughout, even the back nine, and was giving me good vibes, which really helped coming in.\"\nMatsuyama, who now lives primarily in Orlando, Florida, is headed home for Japan to spend time with his family. He's worked hard. He's won plenty. He could probably use a break, but it won't be for long. He wants to keep this going into the new year, which starts Jan. 5 in Hawaii. And he's already thinking about the Masters.\n\"I think he'll be a major champion within the next couple of years, personally,\" Jordan Spieth said. \"It's awesome to see him tearing it up here.", "What category did Ankushita Boro compete in to win gold at the World Youth Championship in Guwahati", "Thanks for the comments guys. Sorry, but I did not get additional pics up :-( Crazy busy past two days.\nOriginally Posted by mark09sport\nLove the color. How much quicker is it off the line with the 8 spd?\nNothing to relate it to other than my Cayenne. There is no hesitation, 1st is a very low gear.\nOriginally Posted by GTyankee\nCongratulations !!! can't wipe that grin off of your face now, heheh\nGreat pictures too, you have the best shots of the lower center stack, that i have yet seen\nHow do you like the backup camera & does it display on the radio ?\nIs the Shifter Knob a hassle ? or would it be an issue if you had to wear gloves ??\nMaybe it is a good thing that your 8 speed is out of Germany, it definitely can't be a bad thing\nBack up camera is great, it uses the \"guidance lines\" that shift side to side as you turn the wheel when in reverse. Makes it easy to back into the garage as I get used to the exterior dimensions. I wish it had front parking sensors, it is hard to tell where the corners are. I'll get used to it soon enough but would have been a nice insurance policy for tight spaces.\nShifter knob is nicely knurled and feels great on the fingers and has a good feel to the detents. Gloves would be no problem, it is just a turn, not a press and turn or anything nutty. Weird to use a knob, but it works great, and I'll get used to that quickly as well. Makes sense to remove a bulky shifter from the console.\nThe center display in the dash is awesome! You scroll to the different screens from a steering wheel button. The presentation is bright and intuitive. The trailer brake controller settings are really nice! Everything is integrated into the dash display and the center stack display. The whole UConnect setup is first class and light years ahead of the Cayenne.\nThe OE Alpine sound system is a 9/10 vs the 10/10 Burmester in the Cayenne (which is best I've ever heard, bar none). I can't imagine anyone not being happy with the Alpine. Great clear highs, and a solid bass without being boomy. The surround setting is awesome.\nOriginally Posted by Judd McPherson\nDoes the tri-fold cover lock?\nThere is no key lock. It has two clamps on either side in back and two more in the front, that is what holds it on. Once it folds up, there are two snap attachm", "MASSENA - It may have been a few days late, but Massena High School senior Troy Myers finally received his diploma on Tuesday, from Superintendent Roger B. Clough II and Assistant Principal Richard Norris in a special little ceremony held on the high school football field.\nTroy suffered an injury a couple of days prior to Massena Central High Schools class of 2012 graduation ceremony on Saturday. Instead, he underwent surgery the afternoon of graduation and was unable to attend.\nTroy was unable to join in the full", "The cyclists in the photo below are riding through piles of leaves where they can\u2019t see the road surface. The man has a shopping bag hanging from the handlebar where it can swing into the spokes of the front wheel. The shopping bag and possible hazards under the leaves carry the risk of a front-wheel-stopping crash, with the cyclist pivoting forward and landing on his head.\nThe photo appeared in Momentum Magazine, and was provided by the Green Lane Project, an organization funded by bicycle manufacturers and which promotes the construction of barrier-separated on-street bikeways. I commented on the photo in an earlier post, and said that I\u2019d return to the topic, because I recognized the location. So, here I am.\nIt is 15th Street and T street in Washington, DC, USA. Here\u2019s a Google Street View from a couple of years ago. Some different traffic signs have been installed since then, and yellow flex posts have replaced white ones, but the tree with white bark is unmistakable. The pinkish building in the background of both images is three blocks away, at W street.\nThe cyclists\u2019 riding side by side gives the impression that the bikeway is one-way, but actually it is two-way, as the Street View photo shows. Leaves and trash cover the lane lines in the Green Lane photo.\nWhat is it really like to ride this bikeway? In the video embedded below, my friend Keri Caffrey rides in the same direction as the cyclists in the Green Lane photo, also at a time of light traffic. Keri reaches T street at 1:11 in the video. She rides all the way down to H street, and obeys the traffic signals.\nAbout half the time, she is waiting for the signals, and so her average travel speed is 4.5 miles per hour. Most of this street is one-way, the traffic lights are timed for traffic in the other direction, and cyclists have only a short interval to cross legally, because turning traffic has a dedicated signal phase. Nonetheless, Keri encounters some turning and crossing conflicts. Other cyclists in the video can\u2019t be bothered to wait for the signals.\nWhy are the leaves in the street? Washington, DC has information on leaf collection, instructing residents to place leaves in treeboxes (between sidewalk and curb) rather than in the street, and acknowledging problems with leaf pickup due to weather conditions. As the trees are at the curb, nearly half the leaves fall directly into the street. The sidewalk extends all the way to the curb and there is very little space around trees to store the leaves they drop. Without a barrier-separated bikeway, nobody would have to use space next to the curb as travel space.\nThe message of the Momentum Magazine article is \u201cbetter biking,\u201d and by implication, safe cycling even for children and novice cyclists, thanks to barrier-separated bikeways. One of the cyclists in the Green Lane Project photo is a young child, who, to be sure, wouldn\u2019t be safe riding on streets with fast or heavy motor traffic. The other cyclist is an adult, but his choice to hang a bag over the handlebar speaks volumes about his skill level.\nOr was that his own choice? Did the cyclists show up by chance \u2014 at such a low-traffic time, and near the end of the bikeway where traffic is lightest? Did the photographer lurk, waiting and waiting, holding a camera with a long telephoto lens,", "What are the notable achievements of Matsuyama in the golf tournaments referenced in the text", "What happens if a featured matchup pick loses in the sports picks program", "ady lit.\nOnce all four chandeliers are lit, go to the first bookcase. There is a something small and yellow that is next to the suit of armor that you put the ladder in front of. Click on it. It is a small, yellow eye. The Glass Eye will go to your items.\nClimb up the ladder and jump onto the top of the bookcase. If you look at the stuffed tiger\u2019s head, you will see that one of its eyes is missing. Go to your items, find the Glass Eye, and use it. You will put the Glass Eye in the tiger\u2019s eye socket, and the tiger\u2019s mouth will open. There is a key inside the tiger\u2019s mouth. Click on it. The Armory Key will go to your items.\nJump down off of the bookcase, and go to the left, until you see a locked door. Go to your items, find the Armory Key, and use it. You will unlock the door and enter the Armory.\nYou will see two weapons hanging on the wall to your left. A mace and a crossbow. Click on the crossbow. The Crossbow will go to your items. Go to your left until you see a cannon. There are three cannonballs below the cannon. Click on one of the cannonballs. You will put it inside the cannon.\nExit the Armory and go back to the Great Hall.\nGo to the fireplace, get a candle, light it, and run back to the Armory. Light the cannon using the candle. The cannon will fire, and then it will flip, facing the right now instead of the left. Repeat that process two times.\nWhen you fire the cannon when it is facing to the right, the cannon will roll back into the Great Hall. Don\u2019t worry you\u2019ll use that cannon later. When you fire the cannon when it is facing upwards, will break part of the roof, revealing a new area. Jump up into the new area.\nThere will be a wooden bucket to your right. Click on it. The Bucket will be added to your items.\nExit the Armory and go back to the Great Hall.\nGo all the way to the right. You will see a red door that\u2019s made up of two doors, so I guess it\u2019s called a double-door. There are two chains stretching across the double-door, blocking the way out. Go to your items, find the Crowbar, and use it. You will use the crowbar to break the chains. The doors will open slightly, making a way out of the Great Hall. Exit through the doors.\nUse the bucket. You\u2019ll fill the bucket up with water. Go back to the Armory.\nJump up onto the top of the cannon and go into the area that you blasted open with the cannon. Use your Crossbow to make a \u201cstaircase\u201d of arrows that you can jump up on to reach another little part of the area.\nYou\u2019ll see a little plant that has fallen out of its pot. There are some boards blocking a window above the plant. Use your Crowbar to pry off the boards. Use your Bucket to water the plant. The plant will turn into a huge vine. The vine will go out the window. Go out the window.\nGo up the stairs to your left, and then jump up the vine to reach a window. Go in the window.\nGo to the right. You\u2019ll see a bunch of papers on a desk. Click on the papers. You\u2019ll get Count Bram\u2019s Notebook. Examine it.\nIt will say that Count Bram needs three ingredients: garlic extract, wilted wolfsbane, and mandrake root. He needs those ingredients to rid him of the vampire\u2019s curse so that his immortality will go away so that he can be with his wife, who\u2019s dead. (So complicated.)\nThere\u2019s a shelf thing on the column that a door is on. There\u2019s a jar of garlic on the top shelf. Get the jar. Go out through the door.\nGo right and go through a door.\nJump up on furniture and stuff to get to a cage that is hanging from the ceiling. There\u2019s a girl in the cage (Katya). Talk to Katya. She\u2019ll tell you that you need to get rid of Count Bram\u2019s curse, and that there\u2019s a book in the library called \u201cRoot Causes\u201d that might help you. Katya will also tell you that Count Bram has captured her because she reminds him of someone.\nExit the room and go back to the Great Hall.\nMake sure that the ladder is in front of the bookcase on the right of the fireplace. You\u2019ll see the book that you need on the top shelf. Climb up the ladder and jump off of it to get the book. Examine the book. It will tell you that mandrake root usually grows in high, shadowy places. Exit the Great Hall.\nGo to the left and out through the arch. Go to the right. Make a ladder of arrows on the wall. Climb up the ladder. There\u2019s a little platform to the left of the top of the wall. Jump onto the platform. You\u2019ll get the Mandrake Root.\nGo back to the Great Hall.\nFind the cannonball that rolled into the Great Hall. Push it over to the fireplace. The cannonball will heat up. Get the fire poker from the fireplace. Use it to push the cannonball a little bit past the column that to the left of the bookcase to the left of the fireplace. Pull the red lever. A little tray sort of thing will come down, and the cannonball will roll into it.\nExit the Great Hall and go back to the room where you found Count Bram\u2019s notebook.\nGo to the right until you see a red lever like the one you found in the Great Hall. Click on it. The cannonball will come up and roll under a thing of wolfsbane. The cannonball will heat it up. Click on the wolfsbane.\nGo over to the desk and click on the microscope.\nUse this amount of each ingredient:\n- Garlic Extract- 3\n- Wilted Wolfsbane- 3\n- Mandrake Root- 1\nClick on the cells. The Anti-vampirism Serum will go to your items.\nGo back to the room where you found Katya.\nGo all the way to the right. You\u2019ll see a door with bars over it. There\u2019s a shiny cane sort of thing in the umbrella stand next to the door. Click on the cane. Use the cane to get a key out from the doorway. The Cage Key will go to your items.\nJump up onto Katya\u2019s cage and use the Cage Key. Katya will be released from the cage. She will thank you. You\u2019ll suddenly see the shadow of a bat flying across the room. You and Katya will get scared.\nSuddenly the Count will appear in the doorway. You and Katya will jump up, break a window, and go through the window.\nFollow Katya. After a little bit, the Count will jump through the window that you and Katya went through.\nKatya will tell you to keep up with her and to use the Garlic to keep the Count away.\nGo to your items, find the Garlic, and use it. After that, follow Katya.\nYou\u2019ll climb up a ladder. The ladder will fall after you get off of it, leaving the Count without anyway of getting up. Or so you think.\nThe Count will turn into a bat and fly up to where you are. Katya will tell you to use the serum.\nAim at the Count and shoot the serum at him. He will fall, taking you with him.\nYou will find yourself in the Great Hall with the Count and Katya.\nThe Count will turn from a vampire into an old man. He will ask Katya to forgive him, and he will thank you. He will then disappear.\nSuddenly, Katya\u2019s boyfriend will run into the room. He\u2019ll end up being the big hero to Katya. Some thanks.\nYou\u2019ll get the island medallion and some credits to spend at the Poptropica Store.\nCongratulations! You have now completed Vampire\u2019s Curse Island", "t list, nothing rigid. They wanted everyone they loved to show up, relax, have fun, and PARTY! Ashley is a hair stylist, and altogether the most stylish person I know. I was so anxious to see what wedding gown she chose. I knew it would be simply beautiful. There were no big princess gowns for this bride! When I finally saw the dress, blue shoes, and the amazing birdcage veil I was elated! She looked so amazing. Her girlfriends who work in the beauty industry as well did her hair and make-up on their private porch that was attached to the guestroom.\nSo much more to come", "What is the main theme of the 2017 Sanya Energy International Forum", "All in a day\u2019s work at the White House, Trump and Pence are sweeping up the messy Iran Deal! President Trump and VP Pence have been busily striking international support to do away with the Obama-era Iran Deal.\nActually, it is called the \u201cJoint Comprehensive Plan of Action (the official name of Obama\u2019s Iran deal)\u201d. See below.\nWhat was Obama\u2019s \u2018Iran Deal\u2019 about? The Washington Institute reported:\n\u201cThe Iran accord goes further. On top of refraining from penalizing Iran for bad behavior, the U.S. and its partners commit to assist Iran to develop in energy, finance, technology and trade. The idea that America and its allies will actually help Iran grow stronger in these areas will sound a discordant note around the Middle East. Where the Tehran regime is viewed as the eminence grise behind Bashar Assad\u2019s brutal suppression of his people. The Houthi rebellion against state authority in Yemen, the creeping expansion of radical Shiite influence in Iraq. And the activities of some of the most extreme Palestinian terrorist groups.\u201d\nEssentially, there is a rogue nation, Iran, that Obama gave money to, so they could remain in power. Additionally, Obama assisted in supporting Iran so they could continue to make nuclear bombs and missiles. Iran did not adhere to the Iran Deal and continuously broke the agreements.\nNow that Nikki Haley is the Ambassador at the United Nations, she is assisting by letting the world know that America now supports Israel. And, Iran is no longer the darling of the nuclear world. Nor is the Middle East and will not be supported. America is back to NOT supporting terrorist regimes!\nWhat have POTUS and VP Pence been doing to prevent the spread of terroris"]}