{"q_indices": [121, 109, 37, 66, 3, 96, 95, 8, 15, 22, 1, 34, 100, 63, 45, 101, 39, 24, 6, 116, 88, 23, 41, 71, 108, 82, 20, 92, 57, 127, 12, 59, 44, 81, 17, 53, 2, 99, 87, 31, 5, 72, 13, 16, 86, 7, 112, 119, 126, 115, 36, 25, 105, 29, 107, 64, 73, 61, 83, 67, 60, 118, 89, 30], "a_indices": [113, 18, 120, 40, 38, 80, 32, 69, 9, 79, 56, 84, 114, 21, 35, 123, 104, 33, 70, 110, 19, 46, 77, 27, 26, 54, 50, 48, 4, 58, 97, 51, 0, 93, 102, 91, 55, 11, 85, 125, 78, 75, 98, 124, 117, 111, 14, 68, 94, 52, 103, 42, 122, 90, 62, 47, 76, 28, 43, 106, 49, 10, 65, 74], "texts": ["Mark Wahlberg (Fear, The Italian Job) has accepted the lead role in a new political thriller, says The Hollywood Reporter. The film, currently titled Shooter, is based on the 1993 novel Point of Impact by Stephen Hunter.\nWahlberg will play a war veteran and expert marksman named Swagger who lives a reclusive life in the Arkansas mountains following a shooting accident. A former army friend persuades him to return to society and do some wor", "What aspect of young players does the author express a preference for", "Who founded the religious community of the Little Sisters of the Poor", "What does the imagery of the lamb represent in Christian symbolism and how does it relate to Jesus according to the New Testament", "Limited Time Offer\nFor a $50.00 donation or more, this could be yours.\n\"Wildflowers Butterflies and more\" by Marianne Skov Jensen identifies over 170 plants, shrubs, and trees and 38 species of butterflies in the McDowell Mountains and surrounding Sonoran Desert up to 40", "What are the key features and specifications of the Es-300 mentioned in the text", "What motivates the speaker to pursue weight loss and personal success", "What psychological consequences of sexual shame are discussed in the context of patriarchal structures and societal violence", "What notable achievements did Mohapatra accomplish during his tenure as Managing Director of IndianOil(Mauritius) Ltd.", "There are things in this world that are not Sam Sykes. This fact is as grim and undeniable as Sam Sykes\u2019 own muscular resolve. Perhaps, though, you are the kind of person not satisfied by Sam Sykes\u2019 irrefutable sternness and seek enlightenment on other subjects? Sam Sykes, were he less just and fair, would perhaps ask \u2018why?\u2019 Then he might slap you. But as Sam Sykes is currently the leading pinnacle of justice and equality, he will simply offer you many fine links to other authors, publishing sites and points of intrigue below.\nPlease note that all details relating to obtaining the affections and/or stalking Sam Sykes, such as his Twitter or Facebook profiles, can be found on the main page!\nJohn \u201cFootwise\u201d Scalzi: Come read the delusional rantings of a madman.\nJoe \u201cThe Gentleman Groper\u201d Abercrombie: Sam Sykes has defeated this man in battle at least twenty times.\nPatrick \u201cBelieve in the Beard\u201d Rothfuss: Talented author; once sold Sam Sykes a tour schedule for six bucks and a bottle of queso dip.\nScott \u201cSasquatch\u201d Lynch: Phenomenal author, may possibly be creature of myth.\nVicki \u201cRed Death\u201d Pettersson: Might have a crush/restraining order on Sam Sykes.\nAlex \u201cSpider-Eater\u201d Bell: Incredibly talented, shockingly attractive, offensively young; also, she once totally smiled at Sam Sykes and everyone was like \u201cwoaaaaahhhhh\u201d and Sam Sykes was all \u201cyeah, I know.\u201d\nMark \u201cCharon\u201d Charan Newton: Half fantasy author, half basset hound, all Newton.\nLou \u201cDoes Not Like to be Called Louie\u201d Anders: The only man to have one foot in publishing, editing, authoring and champion bass fishing.\nJon \u201cSpunky\u201d Sprunk: Autobiographical author of books about magical assassins. Yeah, I don\u2019t get it, either.\nBlake \u201cGoatee Rides\u201d Charlton: in the kingdom of the shaven heads, he is king\u2026well, maybe something more like a landowner, but you get the point.\nDavid \u201cFall of Man\u201d Devereux; At the time of this writing, David Devereux\u2019s website was scandalously bare. By the time of this reading, it has probably been upgraded to \u201ccrime against decency.\u201d\nTom \u201cThat\u2019s Adultery\u201d Lloyd: Excellent author, incredibly nice guy, can fit into most small passages.\nJames A. \u201cSpectrocles\u201d Owen: One of the best people to ever introduce Sam Sykes to Felicia Day.\nStephen \u201cI\u2019m a Dragon\u201d Deas: Arrested for trying to spew fire on schoolchildren six times as of this writing.\nM.D. \u201c5\u20191o\u201d Lachlan: Sam Sykes is totally taller than this guy.\nSarah \u201cPinbroseph\u201d Pinborough: It\u2019s actually pronounce Pin-bro. I know, weird, right?\nAdam Roberts: Thinks Sam Sykes is sexuall", "ie as a carpenter\u2019s apprentice ever since.\nThoughts on Luke Skywalker? (This is an ongoing debate, fraught with emotion, for many crewmembers. Mostly Amy.)\nLuke Skywalker is one of the best characters in the entire Star Wars galaxy. He has big dreams\u2014he wants to get away from his homeworld planet, and find a meaningful life\u2014but he thinks his dreams are out of reach. He\u2019s already faced the uncertainty of not knowing his parents, and then has to face the loss of his aunt and uncle, the only family he\u2019s ever known. He makes the radical decision to leave his life behind to fight for the good of the galaxy. Even though he\u2019s constantly faced with loss and pain, he always works to be good and kind, and tries to see the light in others. He sees the best in others , even in his father Darth Vader (spoilers!) and faces down the darkness in himself.\n(At this point Amy began singing Luke\u2019s theme and quoting select lines from The Empire Strikes Back. She then began gesturing wildly and talking too fast for me to transcribe. Let\u2019s just say this is an issue she feels strongly about.)\nCategories: Ship's Log", "dragon\u201d that they can \u201cvanquish with their own pen\u201d by signing their health plan over to the government.\nIn particular, the government\u2019s lawyers say that the Little Sisters\u2019 conscience should be clear \u2014 even if their health plan is used to distribute the Ella pill that can end the life of a human embryo several days after conception \u2014 because the taxpayers will cover the cost. Of course this has never been about money for the Little Sisters.\nIt is about whether they allow their own health plan to be used in a way that violates their Catholic faith.\nLike the foundress of my order, Mother Maria Luisa Josefa, and the foundress of the Little Sisters, St. Jeanne Jugan, we all know there is a thin veil between this life and eternity.\nThe women in our orders want to be companions to the elderly and their entire family as their loved one prepares to go home to God. We consider it a beautiful gift to be able to journey with people during this sacred time at the end of life.\nAll we want to do is to continue to be able to serve God and others, and to do it faithfully. We hope our laws will continue to protect our right to do so.\nSister Regina Marie Gorman is the vicar general of the Carmelite Sisters. She lives in a convent in California.\nObamacare's Birth Control 'Exemption' Still Tramples on Rights\nTWENTY-EIGHT years ago, I vowed to consecrate my life to living with, loving and caring for the elderly poor. Since then, I have been blessed to live in a community of women who seek to treat every elderly person in our care with love and respect \u2014 as if we were caring for Christ himself.\nOver our 175-year history, my charity, the Little Sisters of the Poor, has been focused on service, not advocacy or policy. Nevertheless, we have been forced into the spotlight over our position regarding a regulation issued under the Affordable Care Act, namely that we provide health insurance coverage for birth control. On Dec. 31, 2013, Justice Sonia Sotomayor issued a temporary stay against the requirement, just hours before it was to go into effect. Next week, the Supreme Court will hear oral arguments in our case against the Department of Health and Human Services, Zubik v. Burwell.\nWe are grateful to Justice Sotomayor, and to the support we have received over the last two years. But we\u2019ve been saddened this past year to see misinformation about our pending Supreme Court case result in pain and confusion on all sides of this issue.\nFirst, given how politicized the Affordable Care Act has become, it\u2019s important to clarify that our case is not a challenge to the act, and winning our case in no way endangers it. We\u2019re merely asking the court to ensure that Health and Human Services adjusts a regulation it developed that would force us to change our religious health plan and start offering benefits that violate our religious beliefs.\nSecond, some have mistakenly claimed that we can just sign a piece of paper and receive an exemption. Indeed, Health and Human Services claims it \u201caccommodated\u201d our religious beliefs and offered us an \u201copt-out.\u201d\nI wish that were true. In fact, the government has candidly told the Supreme Court that we \u201cdon\u2019t get an exemption\u201d at all. Rather, what Health and Human Services is calling an \u201copt-out\u201d is really an \u201copt-in\u201d \u2014 a permission slip where we authorize the use of our religious health plan to offer services that violate our beliefs and waive our protections under federal civil rights laws. That\u2019s why they need our signature.\nThe government says this isn\u2019t a problem because it will pay for the services that violate our religious beliefs. But for us this is not a money question; it is a moral question about what we offer in our plan. It\u2019s similar to high schools that have removed soda machines from their property because they don\u2019t think soda is good for children. It doesn\u2019t matter that the soda companies will pay for the machines. And the school\u2019s decision doesn\u2019t prevent children from getting soda elsewhere. The school simply doesn\u2019t want to be responsible for providing something it believes is bad for its students. It is the same with us.\nWe follow Catholic teaching that abortion and contraception are wrong, but it is very important to understand that this case is not about women\u2019s access to contraception. The administration already exempts many secular corporations like Exxon Mobil and Visa from having to provide the services we are objecting to, because those companies never updated their plans and are \u201cgrandfathered.\u201d Add in the exempted plans for military families, the uninsured and cities like New York, and about a third of all Americans don\u2019t have plans covered by this mandate.\nWe recognize that not everyone agrees with us, and that the government will make laws and provide services we don\u2019t support. But in a free and diverse society, the American government should not force its citizens to act in violation of their religious beliefs, especially when there are so many exemptions already, and much more effective ways to meet the government\u2019s stated goals.\nThe obvious alternative to forcing us to offer these services is for the government to allow our employees to access them through its own health care exchanges. This would both protect our religious freedom and better meet the government\u2019s own goal of providing contraception coverage to women \u2014 those in protected religious plans and the millions of American women in exempted secular plans.\nFinally, some have argued that the Little Sisters aren\u2019t a religious group \u2014 that our willingness to care for the elderly poor regardless of their religious beliefs and hire people to help provide that care who haven\u2019t taken the same vows we have means we\u2019re a social service organization, not a religious one. But Jesus never demanded that the poor demonstrate strict adherence to religious doctrine before helping them. And many religious organizations employ people of diverse backgrounds. Rather than being an indication we aren\u2019t really religious, we believe our willingness to work with and care for anyone is one of the truest ways to live out the religious faith that animates our ministry.\nOur goal with this case is to have the freedom to follow our conscience in what we do and offer. The women who take the vows to become Little Sisters of the Poor do so out of deep love and religious conviction. We spend our days caring for, learning from, and serving those whom many in our society would prefer to forget. All we are asking is that the government allow us to continue that work.\nSister Constance Veit is the Director of Vocations for the Little Sisters of the Poor.\nA Queens Nun With a Talent for Begging\nTo some of the workers at the Hunts Point Produce Market in the Bronx, it is a familiar sight: a nun or two darting around the concrete loading docks every Wednesday. Sister Elisabeth Anne, 76, has been making the weekly trip to the large industrial market for more than 35 years to pick up food for the older adults at the residence where she lives and works.\nOn Wednesday, she squeezed fruits \u2014 a persimmon here, a Minneola there \u2014 as she crossed items off her grocery list. She greeted the workers warmly on her way to stopping at more than a dozen businesses that call the market home. By the time she was done, the van she came in was filled with hundreds of pounds of produce \u2014 all donated by companies that have come to expect her visit \u2014 that will help feed those who live at Queen of Peace Residence in Queens Village.", "Which country is the world's largest copper miner, and how much copper does it produce", "What types of homeowners does Annapolis Home Concierge serve", "Quantico, Season 2 Release Date and Synopsis\nA thrill seeking photojournalist, Leon Velez, may spell trouble for Alex Parrish and Ryan Booth. Plus, Alex is left with the lingering job offer of leaving the FBI and moving to the Central Intelligence Agency.\nEverything You Need to Know About Quantico, Season 2\nQuantico is about a diverse group of recruits that have arrived at the FBI Quantico Base for training. They are the best, the brightest and the most vetted, so it seems impossible that one of them is suspected of masterminding the biggest attack on New York City since 9/11.\nQuantico, Season 2 Comments & Critics\nWhat do you think about Quantico, Season 2 tv seasons? Ask the moviesrankings.com community a question about Quantico, Season 2!\nPlease wait! Quantico, Season 2 serie comments loading...\nQuantico, Season 2 Reviews\nFree International Money Transfer \ud83d\udcb8Enjoy high maximum transfers into more than 20 currencies while saving up to 90% over local banks! The cheap, fast way to send money abroad. Free transfer up to 500 USD!Score: 5/5\nThe best!\u2764\ufe0fLove this show! The only one I watch, since I don't watch tv at all, but cannot miss out on this one\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc.Score: 5/5\n\ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udffcJust watched the first episode and it was epic I can already tell it's gonna be another amazing season if not better..Score: 5/5\nWatch this show!Just finished the 2nd season and I'm sooo excited for the next! This is by far one of the best shows you'll EVER see. It's those shows you can't stop to go pee\ud83d\ude02 I watch a lot of tv but nothing is compared to this It is at the top of my list with greys and scandal.Score: 5/5\nSo awesome!! Best show on TVI love this show so much, second season is even. enter than the first. Such talented actors and great characters \ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97.Score: 5/5\nGreat show!Keep's you on edge and entertained no dull moments..Score: 5/5\nGreat Season 2I highly recommend watching season one it's on Netflix by the way. Although the beginning may seem confusing", "What does Sam Sykes offer for those who seek enlightenment on other subjects apart from himself", "What types of issues do the trained professionals check for during a home inspection", "Who was among the nine men arrested in the prostitution sting conducted by Dothan Police", ". Its mesmerizing effect can also entertain your friends.\nThis impressive novelty is professionally crafted using the latest technology. It also makes use of a strong and sturdy acrylic material in the market. The most affordable price offered at this stage of promotion is meant to make this novel device a top choice in our modern market. You can also use it most creatively as a home d\u00e9cor, as a parlor lamp or as a night lamp for children. Use it as a bedroom shade, a d\u00e9cor for your living room, office or even the garden. Remember, it is left to you to customize it creatively, adding a text using your favorite font as well as integrating photographs of your choice. Needless to say that it is the most perfect gift of modern day for birthdays, marriages, anniversaries or any other memorable occasion. Book your share now itself.\nIt is long-lasting\nSlick and solid design\nSolid looking and easy to connect to the Existing sockets\nHighly affordable and power-saving.", "Medicine for aches and pains, for colds and sniffles, prescribed or over the counter, chances are your cabinets are filled with expired medications or drugs you no longer need.\nExpired drugs can have many dangerous side effects, please dispose of these items correctly by following these important links and information.\nIn Ontario we have programs set up to aid in discarding of such items.\nThe Ontario Medications Return Program (OMRP) and the Ontario Sharps Collection Program (OSCP) have been set up at pharmacies to protect the environment and safe-guard against these items falling into the wrong hands.\nCall your pharmacist to see if they are part of these fantastic programs. If not, you can email email@example.com to find a drop off location closest to you. To learn more about this free service, please visit www.healthsteward.ca\nOnce you have dwindled down medications, including children, pets to what is only imperative to your health. Divide into baskets related to each category. I always like to keep topics large such as kids, adults and pets, fee", "What are the types of herpes viruses and how do they spread through kissing", "nstruction to permanent loans. We also provide construction only loans if desired.\nWe also specialize in providing construction to permanent financing for major remodeling projects. Major remodeling projects typically are residential owned homes that are in need of major remodeling and expansion in square footage size. Major remodeling also includes homes that are in need a significant remodeling makeover's from ground up as well as complete tear down projects.\nLast but not least we specialize in providing land loans for families looking to build a new home sometime in the near future. To apply for a construction loan you need to own land, have house plans, hire a builder, provide a cost breakdown including building permits. Once you own land then and typically only then are you able to obtain all the above items needed in order to apply for a construction loan.\nNot living in California? No worries! We provide services all over the country with Nationwide Construction Loans.", "What are some blogs or creators mentioned in the text segment that focus on sci-fi, fantasy, or geek culture", "What measures should be taken to ensure the safe storage of medications and keep them away from children", "What hesitation does the speaker express in the text regarding turning away", "Why is the speaker unable to perform in person right now", "Updated 2:50 p.m. Eastern\nPresident Obama said today that he has directed the Department of Justice to take a \"very close look\" at Arizona's controversial immigration law and that he expects a report back \"soon,\" after which the government will make a determination whether to legally challenge the law.\nMr. Obama, speaking following a bilateral meeting at the White House with Mexican President Felipe Calderon, said in the Rose Garden that the Justice Department is looking at the language of the law and its implications for civil rights as well as \"whether it comports both with our core values and existing legal standards.\"\nHe added that Justice is looking at whether the law violates \"the fact that the federal government is ultimately the one charged with immigration policy.\"\n\"I think the Arizona law has the potential of being applied in a discriminatory fashion,\" Mr. Obama said after a reporter asked if he agreed with Calderon's characterization of the law as \"discriminatory.\" In his prepared remarks, the American president had called the law a \"misdirected expression of frustration over our broken immigration system.\"\n\"Today, I want every American to know my administration has devoted unprecedented resources in personnel and technology to securing our border,\" he said. \"Illegal immigration is down, not up, and we will continue to do what's necessary to secure our shared border.\"\nAt a welcome ceremony earlier in the day, Calderon spoke of migrant workers, saying \"many of them, despite their significant contribution to the economy and to the society of the United States, still live in the shadows and, occasionally, as in Arizona, they even face discrimination.\"\nSpeaking of the Arizona law, Mr. Obama said \"in the United States of America, no law-abiding person -- be they an American citizen, a legal immigrant, or a visitor or tourist from Mexico -- should ever be subject to suspicion simply because", "e judicial route, CRASAC will be with them RASAC will be with them R every step of the way.\nAcronyms browser ?\nFull browser ?\n- ras-related protein Rab-4A\n- ras-related protein Rab-4B\n- ras-related protein Rab-5A\n- ras-related protein Rab-5B\n- ras-related protein Rab-5C\n- ras-related protein Rab-6A\n- ras-related protein Rab-6B\n- ras-related protein Rab-6C\n- Ras-related protein Rab-7\n- ras-related protein Rab-7a\n- ras-related protein Rab-7b\n- ras-related protein Rab-8A\n- ras-related protein Rab-8B\n- ras-related protein Rab-9A\n- ras-related protein Rab-9B\n- Ras-related protein Rah\n- ras-related protein Ral-A\n- Ras-related, Estrogen-Regulated and Growth-inhibitory\n- ras-responsive element binding protein 1\n- ras-responsive element-binding protein 1\n- Rasa Leela Festival\n- Rasagiline mesylate\n- Rasanen, Arvo Martti Oktavianus\n- R\u00e4s\u00e4nen, Arvo Martti Oktavianus\n- Rasar State Park\n- Rasberry P", "ating the meshUnderPointer (pick and update) in\n@PolygonalSun @sebavan I don\u2019t know if you saw my update, but the pointer out event does appear to fire when the camera is zoomed in such a way that causes the pointer to exit a mesh (this can be seen because the icon does change state when the camera is zoomed and the pointer exits the icon mesh). The problem is that it fires again when the pointer is moved after that. If we could suppress the second event, that would solve the problem.\nLemme dig a little closer on that one (cc @carolhmj, just in case you might already have an idea)\nHey @ericwood73, just out of curiosity, what browser were you using when you originally reproduced this bug? I\u2019m trying to verify something with a fix I\u2019m finishing up.\nAwesome, that\u2019s what I was hoping you would say. So there was some old code put in for Safari compatibility that was adding a\npointerId of 0 to all WheelEvents. Chrome\u2019s default pointerId for all PointerEvents is 1. By default, WheelEvents tend not to have a pointerId so they were erroneously getting this\npointerId of 0. Because of this, the InputManager thought that the WheelEvent and any other PointerEvents came from two different sources. Since we track\nmeshUnderPointer for all pointer sources, the InputManager was firing ActionManager events for both. I\u2019ve updated the old code and you shouldn\u2019t have that second pointerout event. PR has already been merged: WebDeviceInputSystem: Add pointerId to WheelEvents when dispatching to InputManager by PolygonalSun \u00b7 Pull Request #13661 \u00b7 BabylonJS/Babylon.js (github.com).\nThanks @PolygonalSun for the fix and explanation. We make some changes to input to use the primary button for panning and disable all the others, and I wanted to ask if you think we would have any issues with this due to this change?. I.e.\nnull, // ignored\nfalse, // prevent default\nfalse, // do not use ctrl key for panning\n0 // use left mouse button for panning\n// Only allow left mouse button to control camera. Disable right,\n// which would be used for rotation since we specific left is for panning\ncurrentCamera.inputs.attached.pointers.buttons = ;", "What findings were reported regarding CFH and CD46 mutations in SLE patients with nephritis compared to non-nephritis patients and healthy controls", "What are the benefits of using manhood pumps for male sexual health after prostate surgery", "What are the potential injuries mentioned that could occur to the heart, liver, or kidneys", "Ranjan Kumar Mohapatra has taken over as Director (Human Resources) on the Board of Indian Oil Corporation (IndianOil) with effect from Februaray 19. Earlier, he was IndianOil\u2019s Executive Director in charge of West Bengal State Office.\nA Mechanical Engineering graduate from BITS, Pilani, with a Post-Graduate Diploma in Management from Xavier Institute of Management, Bhubaneswar, Mr. Mohapatra joined IndianOil in 1987 and has since worked on varied assignments, including Terminal Operations, Supply Chain Management & Logistics. With in-depth knowledge and acumen in Supply Chain & Logistics, he had been associated with evacuation of finished products from IndianOil\u2019s domestic refineries, and product upliftment agreements with stand-alone refiners as well as other oil marketing companies (OMCs).\nMohapatra was also one of the chief architects of the auto fuel quality (BS-III/BS-IV) upgradation programmes of OMCs in India. Between April 2010 and Jan. 2012, he headed the Operations function of IndianOil\u2019s Maharashtra State Office, which oversees the largest", ". The damsels don accomplish it must and lopoffs now i reached for not wanting to turn. The two mitts and i blown my manhood was around minami haruka (minami-ke) the very cessation", "Why doesn't the speaker watch the Clippers", "LED lights have been fast replacing the traditional incandescent and CFL lights. Though, in its nascent stage LED Lighting is now referred to as the future of lighting. Switchit Technologies was established in the year 2013, with a vision to provide premium quality Led lights at competitive prices and consequently be an active growth participant in the Led industry.\nThe range of products are focused into led lighting solutions for various applications. Our product variety includes retrofit replacement for traditional lighting lamps & fixtures. Our products can be", "What is the name of J Blavin's latest song that was performed live", "Who are the two founders of the Playmen music project", "The imagery of a lamb in the New Testament is built upon how lambs were used in the Old Testament. Lambs were among the animals that were sacrificed by the ancient Israelites as an atonement for humanity's sins. Sacrificial lambs took the place of a human sinner, absorbing the cost of sin, which is death. The New Testament teaches that as animals took the place of people in the sacrificial system, so Jesus takes the place of sinners when he dies for their sins upon the cross.\nThe symbolism of the lamb, used by Christians today can have different meanings:\nIn general, the lamb represents Jesus, \"the Lamb of God\" (Agnus Dei).\nStanding with a banner, the lamb represents the risen Christ triumphant over death.\nStanding with a cross and a gash in its side, it symbolizes the passion of Christ.\n- Seated on a throne or a book, the lamb represents the judgment of Christ.\nBecause the lamb is humble, gentle,", "What is described in the text segment about security and personal interactions", "Just after their live performance at the 2010 MAD TV Video Music Awards together they released their second hit single \u201cFeel Your Love\u201d through SonySony Music which once again made a huge buzz in the Greek music scene. This single also reached more than 1.000.000 views in PlaymenMusic Vevo.\nIn early 2011 Playmen, released their 3rd single \u201cTonight\u201d. The radio edit featuring three remixes by D.O.N.S, David Vendetta & Sandy Rivera topped the official Greek airplay charts and reached no62 in TopHitRu.com (Weekly General Airplay Top Hit 100is compiled on the on the basis of the data about singles\u2019 weekly rotation on air of 230 Russian radiostations as well 200 ones of Ukraine, the CIS countries, Baltic States, Cyprus, Israel, Germany, the US and Canada, which broadcast in Russian). Again in Youtube reached more than 1.500.000 views just for the original video.\nLater in 2011 they decided to \u201cpush their luck\u201d a bit further and send their new demo to one of the most famous American chart toppers, T-Pain. He agreed instantly to record this new song with Playmen and the new hit single \u201cOut of my head\u201d was produced and released. Almost 2.000.000 hits on Youtube and soon to be released globally.\nThe 9th of January 2012 was marked as the official date of their new release. The new hit single \u201cFallin\u201d was instantly characterized as the dance anthem of the year and has already reached No5 in the official national airplay chart and counts more than 1.500.000 views on Youtube. \u201cFallin\u201d is soon to be released globally.\nThe first complete album by Playmen, the leading Greek Producers of Dance, will be the released by the end of spring 2012!\nSupport Acts : Steve Angello, Above and Beyond, David Vendetta, Special Olympics Greece 2011, 30 Seconds To Mars Live 2011", "What did Dianne Whitfield, the chief executive of CRASAC, say about the importance of volunteers in their service", "d their work to the same standard. Being able to share this special performance with you means everything to me since I can\u2019t perform for you in person right now!\u201d\nProps to J Balvin\nWant to submit something? Click Here\nNeed promotion? Click Here\nLet us know what you think in the comment area below.\nLiked this post? Subscribe to my RSS feed and get loads more!", "OAK VISTA SUBDIVISION, Burnet, Texas\nLocated just outside the city of Burnet, the Oak tree, wildflower and grass covered land creates a beautiful site for your custom built home.\nNo Home Owner's or Property Owner's Association fees to pay, but there are Covenants and Restrictions in place to protect your investment.\nThis subdivision consists of very nice custom built homes on one acre lots, or larger.\nThe main road to access the subdivision is County Road 100 (Scenic Oaks Drive or Oak Vista Drive). This road makes a loop around the subdivision. Oak Vista consists of the following roads: CR 100, Louise Lane, Camm Lary Circle, Circle Oak Drive, North Oak Vista Drive, and LaVonna Fox Drive.\nDelaware Springs Municipal Golf Course and Community is located just a short walk or golf cart ride away. The Highland Lakes are 10-15 minutes away, an", "What role will Mark Wahlberg play in the film Shooter", "What vision did Switchit Technologies have when it was established in 2013", "l free to separate and segregate as to the needs of your family.\nClearly mark your first aid baskets. This saves time in an emergency and helps guide some else to quickly locate needed puffer, Epi or other emergency medication.\nWhen storing your medication, keep in mind that heat, light and moisture can cause active ingredients in your medicine to decompose. Although child-proof caps have been invented, they are not perfect. Please protect everyone and store products high up and out of reach to keep away from curious claws. A secured lock box or a fishing tackle box with built in dividers is a great option for an added level of organization and protection.\nTake a snapshot of medications. This is helpful if you have forgotten medications when out of town or travelling. Once of my clients maintains a current list on her phone for her and her husband. It has dose, code number and Dr. contact information.\nMedications and prescriptions always make me nervous. I am so happy to know your homes will be safer once the excess is removed and safely disposed of", "e shop. The shop assistant told us that there were different sandals with large discounts. My sister tried on one pair and it fitted her well, she decided to buy it. When she paid for it she discovered that these shoes hadn\u2019t got a discount. We were surprised when the shop assistant applied a discount.\nWe finished the afternoon buying a lot of cheaper brand clothes and we were attended by nice shop assistants.\nWe thought that this afternoon was amazing because we were able to buy bargains of good brand clothes. We came to the conclusion that this only happens once in a life time", "ike Abreva can shorten the outbreak. There are also antiviral medications like Valtrex that people can take on a regular basis to prevent outbreaks from occurring.\n\"Syphilis is a highly infectious condition, and one of its hallmarks is the development of sores in the mouth,\" board-certified ob/gyn Antonio Pizarro, M.D., tells SELF. The sores, which are usually round and open, \"combine to make syphilis transmissible through kissing,\" says Pizarro. Kissing isn't the most common way to transmit syphilis\u2014oral, anal, and vaginal sex still rank higher. But syphilis rates are currently on the rise, according to the CDC, so it's good information to have. If you or your partner has syphilis-related sores in your mouth, they (and the virus itself) should clear up with the help of doctor-prescribed antibiotics.\nSo, what about other STIs? While the chances of passing infections like gonorrhea, chlamydia, and HIV through saliva aren't usually worth worrying about, that changes if one of you has a cut or sore in your mouth. \"Any time there's an open sore and/or blood present, theoretically an infection could be transmitted orally,\" says Pizarro.\nSome meningitis is caused by bacteria while other cases come about because of viruses (including the herpes virus), Chris Carpenter, M.D., section head of Infectious Disease and Internal Medicine at Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak, Michigan, tells SELF. Close contact with a person who has viral meningitis can result in you getting the virus, but it's unlikely to actually turn into meningitis, according to the CDC", "Posted: January 10, 2017 4:22 pm\nAmy McDonagh is a carpenter\u2019s apprentice and will be sailing with Niagara in the summer 2017 season.\nHow did you find Niagara?\nI did a sailing program a few years ago with SEA (that\u2019s the Sea Education Association) and that\u2019s when I fell in love with sailing. A few years passed, and I figured that since I lived in Cleveland, so close to the Great Lakes, there must be some opportunity to sail in the area. I started researching, found Niagara, and figured \u201cI might as well give this a shot.\u201d And then I did, and it changed my life.\nYou\u2019ve been with the ship for eight months. What\u2019s that like?\nI did my first voyage in May, with the history program, and loved it so much that I started volunteering as soon as the program ended. I sailed on and off all summer, and then at the end of the season I volunteered for downrig, and then for shipyard in Cleveland, which was a wicked awesome opportunity to get to know the ship out of water and have a glimpse of the amount of work it takes to build and maintain a wooden tall ship. I\u2019ve been working winter maintenance back in Er", "If life were fair, it would be impossible to catch anything remotely bad from a kiss. But in addition to things like the common cold and the flu (seriously, get vaccinated, people), it is actually possible to contract various illnesses from a make-out session. That includes a couple of sexually transmitted ones. Buzz. Kill.\nHere, doctors explain potential infections you can get from kissing, along with exactly what you need to know to stay as safe as possible.\nHerpes may be incurable, but it doesn't make you a pariah. In fact, it kind of makes you normal. Around two-thirds of the world's population under the age of 50 has herpes simplex 1 (HSV-1), which is known as the oral kind of herpes, according to the World Health Organization. And around one in every six Americans under the age of 50 has herpes simplex 2 (HSV-2), what's known as the genital kind of herpes, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.\nThe thing about HSV-1 is that it sometimes creates cold sores in and around the mouth. \"If you're kissing someone with lesions in their mouth, mucous membranes make herpes easy to transmit,\" Idries Abdur-Rahman, M.D., a board-certified ob/gyn, tells SELF. So, if someone you're kissing has HSV-1, they could give you the virus (even if they aren't currently experiencing an outbreak, a phenomenon known as 'asymptomatic shedding' means they can still transmit it, says Abdur-Rahman). And if they go down on you, they could transmit the virus to your genitals.\nIf you or your partner has cold sores, over-the-counter medications l", "fit from structural demand changes, specifically the move to the decarbonization of power systems and rising demand for electric vehicles.\nCrusher Used To Mine Copper Manufacturer Of High. Cuprum mining plant in south africa, crusher.2018830crusher machine for open pit copper mining in open pit copper mining operation, crushing is the first processing stage copper ore crushing may be performed in two or three stages primary crushing circuit consists of crushers, feeders, dust control systems, and conveyors used to\nhammer mill crusher for sale hammer crusher price. high quality anti slip rubber sheet. grinding plant for potash processing. advanced gold mine ore mining machine high technology. 500 mm to sand making. belt conveyer gold washing plant high quality. and area required for mini ore plant. djibouti small gold wash plant for sale.\nApr 26, 2021 Copper is widely used in housing, which is seeing strong demand, and for all things related to working from home, says Rob Haworth, senior investment strategy director at U.S. Bank.\nFeb 12, 2020 Graham said this would allow access to high grade ore which would enable high production of copper concentrate in 2022. He said the relocation project would be completed by the middle of this year. OTML is investing K800 million in replacing and relocating the mines in-pit crusher, Graham said.\ncopper investment thesis. Source SIA Copper demand will stay strong, EVs or no EVs. Albeit I consider EVs and electrification a nice added bonus. For example, in the recently discussed 2020 Dutch budget, the plan is to add 1.8 million charging stations.That will require lots of copper, and if countries like Norway and the Netherlands are at the forefront of what is going to happen, the future ...\nOct 18, 2019 Risks of investing in the copper industry. Copper is a commodity business, meaning companies make money on the difference between the cost of producing a pound of copper and its market price. This ...\nInvesting in copper. Investing in copper is done through investing in copper mining stocks or a copper ETF. With copper miners it all depends on copper prices. But, each copper mining business is different and the key is to understand the sensitivity the stock has in relation to copper prices and other issues related to the specific business.\nDec 08, 2020 Best Copper Stocks to Invest In. In 2019, the United States consumed over 1.8 million metric tons of copper. And that is just 12 of the worlds total consumption. China accounts for 51, Europe sits at 17 and other Asian countries cover 19. The final 1 is made up of countries in Africa.\nMay 13, 2021 DMKKDD118, a 1.6-kilometre step-out hole from previous Makoko Sud drilling, intersected 4.19 metres true width of 3.01 copper, at a 2 copper\nFor finer crushing or reduction a Symons cone crusher the norm. Symons are commonly used for secondary, tertiary or quaternary crushing. They do this by a different chamber design which is flatter and by operating at about twice the rotational speed of a primary type gyratory crusher. One of the first cone crushers had a direct drive vertical motor mounted above the spider with the drive shaft ...\nA summary for Copper Futures. Signals range from Strong Buy, Buy, Neutral, Sell to Strong Sell. It also offers detailed technical analysis based on the buysell signals of moving averages simple and exponential for a wide range of periods and Buy, Sell, Overbought, Oversold or Neutral signals of common chart indicators including RSI, MACD and CCI.", "ation cards\nThe products were actually pretty cool. I passed the box over to my fianc\u00e9 and she loved it, especially the caramels and wine.\nOverall, I can see myself personally subscribing to this box for the many quarters to come.\nHow Much Does Vine Oh! Cost?\nVine Oh! normally costs $59.99 but when you use the code UrbanWine, you\u2019ll get $15 off your quarterly subscription HERE.\nVine Oh! Coupon and Discount\nHere are some other great Vine Oh! coupons and deals that you can take advantage of:\nUse the code VineOhYay to get $10 off your subscription HERE.\nUse the code UrbanWhite or UrbanRed to get an extra bottle of wine with an annual subscription ($199 a year) when you join HERE.\nOverall, Vine Oh! is an exciting new women\u2019s lifestyle subscription that every woman should try out at least once!\nThis post contains affiliate links which means that I will make a small commission if you purchase a product after clicking on any of them, at no extra cost to you. Thank you for your support.", "Who are the seven men charged with third-degree promoting prostitution", "of what they look like.\"\nHe argued that while the law was amended to say it should not be carried out in a discriminatory way, a fair reading \"indicates that it gives the possibility of individuals who are deemed suspicious of being illegal immigrants...being harassed or arrested.\"\nHe added that \"the judgments that are going to be made in applying this law are troublesome.\"\nThe passage of the law, he said, reflects \"some of the frustrations that the American people have had in not fixing a broken immigration system and, frankly, the failures of the federal government to get this done. I'm sympathetic to those frustrations.\"\nThe president said he believes most Americans are open to a comprehensive immigration reform plan that includes creating an orderly border, making sure businesses are following the rules and not \"actively recruiting undocumented workers\" in order to skirt laws and protections, and making sure there is accountability for those living in the United States illegally.\nHe said he believes illegal immigrants should be provided a path to citizenship, though they should \"get to the back of the line\" and be forced to pay a fine and back taxes to before they achieve it.\nThe president said he also believes they should learn English.\nNoting that there are not sixty Democratic votes in the Senate to overcome a filibuster, the president said he needs Republican support to pass immigration reform.\n\"I need some help to get it done,\" said the president.\n\"I think all of us recognize that some of the pressures with respect to immigration just arise out of economics,\" he added. \"People in Mexico are looking for opportunity, and they feel that they can make more money here in the United States. What we also have to recognize -- and I talked about this with President Calderon -- is every nation also has the right to secure its borders and make orderly decisions about who comes in and who comes out.", "Thousands of elderly poor have a home today because of one remarkable woman.\nSaint Jeanne Jugan grew up in a small town in the aftermath of the French Revolution. To support her family, young Jeanne worked as a shepherdess, kitchen maid, and tended the sick at a Civil and Naval Hospital. During these years, she discovered her life\u2019s vocation: helping others.\nInspired by her Catholic faith, Jeanne set out to serve those most in need. She cared for the poor and the elderly as if they were her own family, once even giving up her bed for an old blind woman she found on the street, while she slept on the floor in the attic. Her humility and love of service spread among other young women, and soon the religious community of the Little Sisters of the Poor was born.\nToday, 175 years later, the Little Sisters of the Poor is an international Roman Catholic Congregation of Religious Sisters that continues Jeanne\u2019s mission to serve others. The Little Sisters serve more than 13,000 elderly poor in 31 countries around the world. The first home opened in America in 1868 and now there are nearly 30 homes in the U.S. where the elderly and dying are cared for with love and dignity until God calls them home.\nGovernment's Contraception 'Opt out' Form Reads and Acts More Like a Permission Slip\nWhen I first answered God\u2019s call to join the Little Sisters of the Poor and vow myself to Him and to the care of the elderly, I never dreamed of the happiness I would experience in serving, living with and caring for the aging poor until God calls them to Himself. I also never thought one day, I would be walking up the white marble steps of the Supreme Court to attend a legal proceeding in which the high court will decide whether the government can force my order to help offer health care services that violate my Catholic faith and that are already available through existing government exchanges.\nFor the past two years, since the time we felt we had no choice but to engage in this legal process, I have been saddened to see some of the anger and misinformation generated about our case. One of the most misunderstood aspects has arisen from early statements made by the government about how all it was asking was that we sign a form saying we had a religious objection to its mandated services so it could provide these services independent of our health care plan.\nThis is untrue. The government already knows we object. In fact, this is not our first appeal for protection from the court. In December 2013, we first asked to be protected from the fines that would accrue against us unless we provided the objectionable services. At the time, Justice Sonia Sotomayor stopped the fines and the government received a letter from us stating our objection. Even before then, since the government announced it had put this regulation into effect, we registered our objection in writing, citing our concerns.\nWhy would the government need us to provide these services? Everyone knows the government can provide free services to anyone it wishes without our signing a form. It has always been clear to us that rather than being an \u201copt out,\u201d the form is an opt-in. It gives the government permission to use our plan to deliver services such as ella, the week-after pill. The form even says our signature will legally alter our contract with our insurance provider.\nOne of the most puzzling aspects of the case is that the government, at the same time it has been trying to force us to sign this form and provide these services, has exempted close to 100 million Americans from having to comply with this mandate. It has exempted its own military family plan, its own insurance for the disabled as well as large private corporations such as Pepsi. All these exemptions were issued for convenience or commercial reasons, but when we have asked to be exempted for religious reasons, we have been denied the same privilege.\nAs I look around the home where I live in Baltimore, I see those who are truly affected by this unnecessary legal proceeding: the elderly poor. Most of the people who live in my residence have nowhere else to go. The 13,000 elderly we take care of around the world come to us in search of a home and of good medical care. They seek solace and companionship when they have none. And we gladly commit to live with them until they complete their earthly journey. We tell them that once they come to our home, we belong to them and they belong to us because we are family.\nMy heart is filled with grief at the worry and suffering this has caused our elderly residents. I tell them that whatever happens, God will take care of all of us as He has since the founding of our order 175 years ago. As I walk up the Supreme Court steps on this coming Holy Wednesday, I will be reflecting on the words our foundress, St. Jeanne Jugan: \"God will help us: the work is His.\" I will also be praying for our elderly residents. Finally, I will be praying that our laws continue to protect religious liberty, not only for my order but for all Americans.\nMother Loraine Maguire is the Mother Provincial for the Little Sisters of the Poor.\nObamacare Collides with Religious Freedom\nFor my order of Catholic Sisters, the Carmelites, Holy Week is usually a time for quiet prayer, fasting and reflection. But this year I will be flying across the country to Washington to stand in front of the U.S. Supreme Court in support of the Little Sisters of the Poor, whose lawyers at the Becket Fund will be fighting for them before the court.\nFor three years, the government has been threatening the Little Sisters with crushing fines unless they betray their beliefs to fit the desires of government agencies. We cannot stand on the sidelines. If we do, what will happen to the rest of us when we try to live according to our conscience?\nI have a special affinity with the Little Sisters, who were founded, like the Carmelites, by a strong and courageous woman who felt called to serve the poor and elderly. The Little Sisters were founded in France, my own order was founded in Mexico, but both have survived many trials. Until now, however, our great country welcomed both of our orders and has allowed us to serve others according to our faith.\nWe now face, however, a government regulation \u2014 the Health and Human Services mandate of the Affordable Care Act \u2014 that would require many religious ministries to change health care plans to include services that violate our faith.\nBut while the government is trying to force the Little Sisters to provide these services, it has also already exempted a third of corporate health care plans, its own plan for military families, and its health plan for the disabled.\nThose exemptions cover about 100 million people, and they allow big businesses to avoid the mandate for reasons of cost and convenience. That shows us very clearly that the government does not need to force all employers to comply.\nBut these exemptions also show us the availability of alternatives. The tens of millions of people not covered by this mandate are people who, the government agrees, can still get these services other ways.\nThe government likewise could easily accommodate the Little Sisters\u2019 ability to live according to their faith, but instead it has called the Little Sisters \u201cdivisive\u201d simply for asking the government to respect their religious freedom. Worse, it has publicly belittled the Little Sisters\u2019 faith, saying in its brief that the Sisters are \u201cfighting an invisible", "Originally Posted by alenleomessi\nwell i dont know i just like young players with big potential\nand clips have 2nd round pick dont they?\nYes but I doubt a 2nd round pi", "What donation amount is needed to receive the book 'Wildflowers Butterflies and more'", "00 feet in elevation. Each species is described with text and multiple photos.\nThis trail handy guide is 6.50 inches by 5.25 inches allowing to fit easily in a big pocket or backpack. It is spiral bound so pages can open flat and has color coded edges for quick look ups.", "What are some of the main factors contributing to the rising demand for copper as mentioned in the text", "What prompted Amy McDonagh to seek out sailing opportunities near her home in Cleveland", "What problem does the author identify with deriving PointerEvents from WheelEvents due to the pointerId discrepancy", "Hi everyone! Today, I\u2019m going to share with you a good experience about shopping. Last month, I went with my sister to an important shopping area in Barcelona near Plaza Catalunya and Portal de l\u2019\u00c0ngel street.\nWe didn\u2019t need to buy anything special but we started to go into different well-known shops. In the first shop there were different clothes with great discounts. We tried on one beautiful dress, it cost 100 eur but it was 50% off. It was a bargain and it suited me very well. We both decided to buy it but each in a different colour.\nAfter that, we went into an important sho", "What types of loans do you provide for major remodeling projects", "What did the shop assistant tell the shoppers about the sandals", "Lack of satisfaction and denial of conjugal rights among partners in a relationship has caused a number of issues such as loosing the zeal in the relationship as well as resulting to social related conflicts in a relationship due to sexual exploration that results to adultery among married partners which can also lead to a breakup. In cases of sexual failure arises it is likely that there is a solution for it and most likely if the issue comes from the male partner one of the ways to handle the situation is by using a manhood pump as a way to ensure that sexual life is rebuild to the desires of a couples satisfaction. There are a number of benefits that one can enjoy by using a manhood pump to ensure that a couple enjoys their sexual life again.\nAmong the greatest benefit that a male can benefit from using a manhood pump is treating erectile dysfunction treatment since it is one of the safest way of treating erectile dysfunction available and one does not experience any side effects from using these method of treatment compared to other forms of treatment and also it is preferable since it is cheaper way of treatment since when you buy the pump there are no many additional cost involved compared to other forms of treatment.\nManhood pumps are also beneficial by ensuring that one can regain their", "What notable achievement did Playmen's single 'Fallin' reach in January 2012", "What amenities are located near Oak Vista in Burnet", "at first, you just have to follow along carefully. Around the middle the season is where it's the best parts! The most action. Plus, by the middle of the season the show actually switches from 2 timelines (past and present) to 1 timeline (only present), which makes it way more easier to follow..Score: 5/5\nJust finding this season hard to followIt's not twists and turns, it's confusion. It's just seems muddled and forced. Loved season one, but the this one is just characters not connecting. The missing time, the show starts to reveal is not compelling just seems sad..Score: 2/5\nBingeworthyIt started on Friday night. There was nothing going on. I figured, why not check out a new show on Netflix? How about Quantico? It is now Sunday afternoon. I have finished the first season. I\u2019m not sorry. Season One was fantastic and had more twists and turns than I can count. Now I\u2019m on to season 2 via iTunes. Dear ABC, please renew for a third season. This show is seriously inspiring me to hit the gym more often..Score: 5/5\nUtter crap.This show is overrated & no good. S2 is boring..Score: 1/5\nBest tv seasonThis is by far the best tv season on tv.Score: 5/5\nPayoneer \ud83d\udcb0Payoneer is an online payment platform that lets you transfer money from any corner of the world! A best and must have payment service for every blogger, traveler, freelancer, affiliate marketer, consultant, virtual assistant, business person, online sellers, and receivers. Earn $25 for free by joining Payoneer. Sign Up Now!Score: 5/5\nPerformanece Lab \ud83c\udfafPerformance Lab \u00ae CORE Formulas support all aspects of human performance, across all walks of life. Boosts work performance and productivity with nootropics for focus, multitasking under stress, creative problem-solving and more. Buy Now!Score: 5/5\nCoursera \ud83d\udca1Start your future on coursera today! Build skills with courses, certificates, and degrees online from world-class universities and companies. Join for Free!Score: 5/", "number of bulk storage terminals & depots in a state.\nAs Managing Director of IndianOil(Mauritius) Ltd., the Company\u2019s overseas subsidiary, during 2012-2015, Mohapatra led a team of young professionals, registering sizeable growth in market share and profitability. He was also on the Board of Mer Rouge Oil Storage Terminal, a joint venture formed by four MNCs to set up modern oil storage facilities in Mauritius.\nUnder his leadership as head of IndianOil\u2019s West Bengal State Office, the OMCs released a record 10.5 lakh PMUY (Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana) connections in the first 116 days of the scheme, that is, over 9,000 new connections a day.\nMohapatra achieved cashless transaction facilities at almost all Indian Oil fuel stations in West Bengal State and piloted a smart auto-fuel complex that has come up at Rajarhat in Kolkata. Widely travelled in Europe, USA, Africa and Southeast Asia, Mohapatra presented papers in several national and international forums and published a number of articles in international journals and supply chain reference books.", "(Imagine \"Gonna Fly Now\" playing on this site in an SoR-type manner.)\nOh, it's ON.\nIf my body wants to fight me, I'll just fight back harder. I'll walk longer. I'll eat better.\nI have the kind of motivation and inspiration to get this weight off that I have NEVER HAD in my life.\nMark my words: Come December, I WILL be down to the 140s.\nThis is about personal success, personal power. It isn't even really about competition - it is you outdoing yourself. It is you being in your prime, doing what", "What organizations will assist individuals on the judicial route", "What are some signs of wear and damage mentioned in the text segment that affect the instrument's condition", "What issue does the author encounter when zooming out while hovering over the icon", "sexual life after going through surgical treatment that can affect their sexual capabilities such as after having prostate surgery a patient can regain their manhood size and ability to achieve erections as a form of surgical rehabilitation.\nAn additional benefit that a male can achieve by using manhood pumps is ensuring that they have better sexual performance by ensuring that blood flows faster and makes the manhood harder. When a person uses manhood pumps regularly without having sexual intercourse the body adapts to the frequent flow of blood patterns and after some time in the future a person can experience erections on their own without using manhood pumps.\nWhen a man is not able to achieve a full erection a manhood pump can be of great help in ensuring that they have a harder erection and these is by ensuring that more blood flows to the manhoodwhere it becomes more harder than before and when continuously exercised one can start having harder erections and if they happen to be difficult to maintain a rubber ring can be used at the base of the manhood.\nAnother benefit that a manhood pump can be used for is as a masturbation equipment for a quick release. Also manhood pumps can be used to exercise the manhood whenever it has suffered health conditions such as diabetes and oral medication", "binding near the base of the neck on the treble side has some wear. Much of the binding has yellowed over time. The nail that held the pickguard in place (before it began crumbling) is fairly rusted and many of the frets are turned green over time. There is also a hole in the back of the headstock towards the top where someone had installed a hook at one point. This is a rare chance to own a piece of history at a surprisingly affordable price!\nWe accept credit cards over the phone or pay pal (there is an additional 3% fee for using paypal.\nWe ship to select international locations. International shipping can become quite expensive. We will not falsify value on customs forms EVER! Please don't ask.\n14 days in same condition as it left the shop. Buyer pays shipping both ways. No returns on shipped amplifiers", "In this PG, I have an icon that I change state on whenever it is hovered. When the icon is no longer hovered, I change the state back to the default. This works as long as you move the pointer over and out of the icon. However, if you hover the icon, and then zoom out so that the pointer is no longer over the icon, then move the pointer, the pointer out action is triggered, but the\ne.meshUnderPointer is the mesh that the pointer is currently over, rather than the mesh that the action is attached to. Thus the plane\u2019s texture is updated rather than the icon\u2019s texture.\nIs it the case that\ne.meshUnderPointer is the mesh under the pointer when the event is triggered, rather than the mesh the action is attached to? Would it make sense to check pointer on camera view matrix change to account for the possibility that the pointer is out of the mesh due to a camera change? I could work up a PR if that makes sense.\nNote that I cannot reference the mesh the action was added to inside of the action because I have multiple instances of the icon (clones really), and I found that when the action fires I cannot rely on the reference to the instance inside the action being the actual instance that the pointer was over for some reason.\nActually I realized I\u2019m getting 2 pointer out events. The first does happen when the pointer goes out due to a camera view change. The second happens after I move the pointer. Why the second event?\n@PolygonalSun Have you had a chance to look at this yet? Is there anything else you need from me?\nthanks for the reminder @ericwood73 this one slipped through the cracks\nYeah, I did look over thing and if I understand things correctly,\nmeshUnderPointer is the mesh that\u2019s supposed to be under the cursor. The only issue is that, while this is being updated during move events, the mouse wheel event doesn\u2019t update it. As far as adding an update to this in the\nonViewMatrixChangedObservable, that could work but I\u2019d be worried about adding an additional pick to a render frame\u2019s lifespan. It might be more performant to update the wheel code. @sebavan, just out of curiosity, what are your thoughts on upd", "References in periodicals archive ?\nSta'at CRASAC are RASAC are R keen to emphasise that their new service will have no e'ect on the current provision they o'er to women.\nLast year alone CRASAC RASAC R supported nearly 6,000 local women, men and children aged from 've.\nDianne Whit'eld, 'eld, W CRASAC chief executive, RASAC chief executive, R said \"We are thrilled to W receive such a prestigious award, particularly one that demonstrates the high respect in which volunteering is held.\n\"e people who volunteer with CRASAC are an RASAC are an R essential part of our team, we simply could not give the quality of service that we do without them.\"\nCoun Ann Lucas, leader of Coventry City Council, nominated CRASAC for RASAC for R the honour.\nShe said: \"CRASAC have RASAC have R worked tenaciously and fearlessly to help people who have suered the most appalling things.\n\"If people want to go down th", "This Es-300 dates back to a period when production of Gibsons began picking back up following WWII. Rolling out of the iconic Kalamazoo, MI factory, these big beauties measured a robust 17\u201d wide by 3.25\u201d deep with a 25.25\u201d scale neck and a nut width of 1 11/16th\u201d. The gorgeous deep burst finish has little to no fade and light checking. It has a maple top with mahogany sides, back, and neck with clear gold knobs. The super responsive original P-90 pickup has an airy, woody tone. You\u2019ll find the notes flow off the neck with ease. The original pick guard was removed due to it having deteriorated a bit over the years but it is included in the original hard shell case. The tuners are Kluson Deluxe replacements. There is a loose piece of binding that is rattling, it is especially noticeable acoustically. Also the", "y irresistible.\nBlogs of Interest\nA Dribble of Ink: One of the most in-depth and subtly erotic sci-fi/fantasy blogs available to deviants today.\nPat\u2019s Fantasy Hotlist: Not to be confused with Pat\u2019s Fantasy Hitlist\u2026we\u2026we don\u2019t talk about those people anymore.\nThe Wertzone: Adam Whitehead can lift a tire over his head!\nGraeme\u2019s Fantasy Blog: Nice guy, nice blog, phenomenal hat.\nMy Favourite Books: Might be dead by the time you read this.\nThe Book Smugglers: At least one of these girls thinks Sam Sykes is handsome; the other one refuses to answer, no matter how many emails she gets\u2026not that Sam Sykes would know anything about that.\nSpeculative Horizons: James Long fears and respects Sam Sykes.\nNext Read: The title is something of a misnomer, Gavin Pugh has not actually moved on from \u201cGo Dog Go\u201d yet.\nThe Speculative Scotsman: Possibly the site most offensive to sci-fi/fantasy bloggers in Scotland.\nFloor to Ceiling Books: Amanda Rutter was the original inspiration for most crime dramas and most crimes.\nLEC Book Reviews: It stands for Louis\u2019 Electric Crotch. You can\u2019t help but read it now, can you?\nSpeculative Book Reviews: It is technically politically incorrect to call them a \u201chivemind.\u201d\nWeird Mage Reviews: Ole Imsen is considered pretty weird in Norway, but not in Liberia.\nPorno Kitsch: A geek culture blog. No porno. Kind of a rip-off.\nComic Book Outsiders: The inverse of Comic Book Insiders.\nScience Fiction Writers of America: Sam Sykes had to defeat three science fiction authors in lethal combat to earn his position amongst their honored, moist halls.\nHeifer International: An excellent charity dedicated to ending world hunger.\nChild\u2019s Play: A very generous charity devoted to giving sick children the chance to enjoy what all kids should be able to.\nKids Need to Read: A charity built around the importance of childrens\u2019 literacy and one of my personal favorites.\nOrder of the Stick: One of the cleverest storytellers in the business\u2026in pictoral form!\nPenny Arcade: The gold standard of webcomics and gaming culture.\nThe Meek: OH MY GOD, THIS IS BASICALLY THE BEST WEBCOMIC ALIVE PLEASE GO GO NOW.\nNedroid: Children\u2019s books as viewed through the eyes of a ursine-tuber hybrid.\nHark, a Vagrant: Kate Beaton has yet to acknowledge Sam Sykes\u2019 existence.\nSupernormal Step: Action, adventure and a lot of tight pants!\nBoxer Hockey: What professional sports should have been. Hilarious and astonishingly sweet at times.\nPhoenix Requiem: A masterfully-crafted tale in a masterfully-crafted world by a master craftsman\u2026woman", "and innocent, lambs are sometimes engraved on the tombstones of children.\nRelated Bible Verses The next day John saw Jesus coming toward him and said, \"Look, the Lamb of God, who takes away the sin of the world! (John 1:29)\nThen I looked and heard the voice of many angels, numbering thousands upon thousands, and ten thousand times ten thousand. They encircled the throne and the living creatures and the elders. In a loud voice they sang: \"Worthy is the Lamb, who was slain, to receive power and wealth and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and praise!\" (Rev 5:11-12)\n- - Color illustration at top left by Walter E. Gast.\n- Patricia S. Klein, Worship without Words: The Signs and Symbols of Our Faith (2000).\n- Carolle E. Whittenmore, ed., Symbols of the Church.\n- W.E. Post, Saints, Signs, and Symbols.\n- George Wells Ferguson, Signs & Symbols in Christian Art.\n- Frederick Rest, Our Christian Symbols.", "What predicament does Swagger face and who does he partner with to resolve it", "What are the president's views on providing a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants", "What are the roads that access and circle around the Oak Vista Subdivision", "ck is going to be anything on a team like the Clippers who already have a pretty full rotation. I wasn't dissing you.. just saying that's why I don't watch personally.", "COVID-19 is the disease caused by a new coronavirus called SARS-CoV-2. WHO first learned of this new virus on 31 December 2019, following a report of a cluster of cases of \u2018viral pneumonia\u2019 in Wuhan, People\u2019s Republic of China.\nAmong those who develop symptoms, most (about 80%) recover from the disease without needing hospital treatment. About 15% become seriously ill and require oxygen and 5% become critically ill and need intensive care.\nComplications leading to death may include respiratory failure, acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), sepsis and septic shock, thromboembolism, and/or multiorgan failure, including i", "What historical changes led to the emergence of unconscious shame in human societies", "What is the disease caused by SARS-CoV-2 and when did the WHO first learn of this new virus", "What programs in Ontario are available for the disposal of expired medications and related items", "What are the benefits of using a manhood pump for couples facing dissatisfaction in their sexual life", "od in SLE patients with nephritis originating from two cohorts from southern and mid Sweden (n = 196). All identified mutations and polymorphisms were then analyzed in SLE patients without nephritis (n = 326) and in healthy controls (n = 523).\nWe found nonsynonymous, heterozygous mutations in CFH in 6.1% patients with nephritis, in comparison with 4.0% and 5.4% in patients without nephritis and controls, respectively. No associations of SLE or nephritis with common variants in CFH (V62I/Y402H/E936D) were found. Furthermore, we found two nonsynonymous heterozygous mutations in CD46 in SLE patients but not in controls. The A353V polymorphism, known to affect function of CD46, was found in 6.6% of nephritis patients versus 4.9% and 6.1% of the non-nephritis SLE patients and controls. The presence of mutations in CD46 and CFH did not predispose to SLE or nephritis but was associated with earlier onset of nephritis. Furthermore, we found weak indications that there is one protective and one risk haplotype predisposing to nephritis composed of several polymorphisms in noncoding regions of CD46, which were previously implicated in aHUS.\nSLE nephritis is not associated with frequent mutations in CFH and CD46 as found in aHUS but these may be modifying factors causing earlier onset of nephritis.", "asser Bader Alomaim, 28, of Fort Rucker with promoting prostitution.\nPolice charged the following seven men with third-degree promoting prostitution: Dexter Tyrone Parks, 41, of West Selma Street, Dothan; Donald Lee Dean, 27, of Ladd Street, Enterprise; Hetalkumar Navinc Shah, 37, of Ross Clark Circle, Dothan; Camren Keith Kirkland, 22, of Louise Walden Court, Midland City; Timothy John Pfaff, 30, of Madison, S.D.; Lewis Jerrod Thompson, 27, of Emma Avenue, Ozark; and Ronald Joseph Lawrence, 25, of County Road 203, Slocomb.\nStory updated at 4:19 to clarify prostitution charges.", "What should be done if a person has syphilis-related sores in their mouth", "k for a government agency, but sinister motives are behind the offer. Swagger gets framed for an assassination and must go under cover, partnering with an FBI agent to clear his name and expose a government cover-up.\nJonathan Lemkin (Red Planet, The Devil's Advocate) has written a screenplay from the novel, and production is expected to get underway in June. Antoine Fuqua (The Replacement Killers, Training Day) is set to direct the feature", "Wouldn\u2019t be awesome if there was subscription box that\u2019ll send you 2 bottles of wine as well as fun, rejuvenating, and delicious surprises 4 times a year?\nOh wait, there is! Hello Vine Oh!\nVine Oh! is a women\u2019s lifestyle box that encourages you to relax, recharge, and and unwind.\nInside each quarterly box, you\u2019ll receive 2 bottles of premium custom wine as well as 5-6 handpicked items just for you.\nThe crazy part is that each box is valued at over $120+ but you can get it for only $59.99 (or cheaper thanks to our killer discount below), which is a steal.\nThe kind folks at Vine Oh! sent me a box to review so here are my thoughts\u2026\nVine Oh! Review and Unboxing\nHere\u2019s what came inside my Vine Oh! box:\nHere\u2019s what came inside the Vine portion of the box.\nTwo bottles of custom wine ($19 to $28 each).\nHere\u2019s what came inside the Oh! portion of the box:\n- Chive Vase ($25)\n- Mixture Candle ($20)\n- Dana Herbert Eye Pillow ($20)\n- Dutch House Caramels ($6)\n- Capabunga ($5)\n- Product inform", "What position has Ranjan Kumar Mohapatra assumed at the Indian Oil Corporation, and when did he take over", "Why are lambs sometimes engraved on the tombstones of children", "Learn how to invest in copper. Get the latest copper news, price and analysis from industry experts and copper stocks to watch in 2020.\nSep 15, 2020 5. Who produces the most copper Chile, at 5.6 million MT, is the worlds largest copper miner, producing more than double the amount of the next highest producer, Peru, at\nDec 04, 2019 Copper ore beneficiation equipment, metallurgical ... Made by lgd heavy industry are well received in the market such as c6x jaw crusher ci5x impact crusher hpt hydraulic cone crusher etc. products. these machines take advantages of large capacity and high efficiency and some of them even got international awards. Read More\nJun 30, 2017 The Finnish industrial group Metso is increasing its manufacturing capacity for large crusher wear parts castings used in minerals processing by investing in a second melting furnace at the Isithebe foundry in South Africa. The EUR 3.5 million investment will ensure the availability of Metsos heavy crusher wear parts globally.\nCopper ore mining processin Peru. At the scene of the broken, the copper ore should be blasted at first. The copper ore will be transported by a durable truck to somewhere, and will be transported to the primary crusher who cuts down on the ores to 8 inches or\nFeb 16, 2021 Copper Stocks. One way of investing in copper is to do so indirectly by purchasing shares in a company which operates in this field, either through exploration, extraction or developing copper. When the price of copper increases, the companies involved will undoubtedly benefit, potentially leading to an increase in share prices.\nApr 16, 2021 The Case for Investing in Copper, the Go-To Metal for Renewable Energy Projects Goldman Sachs predicts rising prices for the commodity, which will be key for solar power and electric vehicles. They call it Dr. Copper, because of its supposed Ph.D. in economics, which allows the industrial metal to predict economic turning points.\nThe copper crusher measures firing-pin load pressure using a solid bar machined of high-purity copper, from which the mini copper bars are sliced and machined to the exact size and shape of the many rimfire cartridge designs e.g., short, long rifle, magnum. A single copper indent crusher is placed\nCopper mobile crusher repair di coal crusher for hire coal crusher p in malaysia machine is the main machine portable coal impact crusher provider south iron ore mobile crusher repair in coal jaw crusher p in coal jaw crusher p in malaysia as a leading global manufacturer of crushing grinding and mining equipments we offer.\nJun 08, 2021 KALUMBILA Minerals Limited KML, a subsidiary of First Quantum Minerals FQM, says the mining firms quest to invest in cutting-edge equipment will boost copper\nCopper Mine Investment Grinding Crushers. Copper processing is a complicated process that begins with mining of the ore less than 1 copper and ends with sheets of 99.99 pure copper called cathodes, which will ultimately be made into products for everyday use.The most common types of ore, copper oxide and copper sulfide, undergo two different processes, hydrometallurgy and.\nJun 25, 2019 Copper in a Buyers Market . Oversupply has resulted in copper trading in the range of 2.00 to 4.50 a pound from 2009 through 2018, where it has bounced around a\nApr 26, 2021 Copper is widely used in housing, which is seeing strong demand, and for all things related to working from home, says Rob Haworth, senior investment strategy director at U.S. Bank. Li says copper may bene", "Annapolis Home Concierge\nAnnapolis Home Concierge is a professional home watch service for absentee/seasonal homeowners in the Annapolis area. Through regular home visits, we provide trusted property care when you're not there. We specialize in Home Watch Services. Home Watch is \u201ca visual inspection of a home or property, looking for obvious issues.\u201d These inspections include a basic check of plumbing, electrical, and HVAC systems, as well as the overall condition of the home and property. Regularly scheduled visits not only establish a presence in a home, but also allow us to proactively identify issues in a home that could become more significant or costly if left unattended. We cater specifically to snowbirds, vacationers, second homeowners, and anyone who leaves their house for an extended p", "What is the central moral issue that the Little Sisters of the Poor face regarding the regulation under the Affordable Care Act", "What is the purpose of the Riverside County Department of Building and Safety", "What types of applications are mentioned for the use of LED lights", "DOTHAN, Alabama -- Nine men were arrested by Dothan Police on Tuesday in a prostitution sting, according to the Dothan Eagle.\nA former Dothan City jail employee and immediate past chairman of the Dothan Area Chamber of Commerce were among those arrested.\nHugh \"Trip\" Ward Wheelless III, 41, of North Pontiac Avenue, Dothan, is the immediate past chairman of the chamber, according to the Dothan Eagle.\nAttorney Dustin Byrd, who represents Wheelless, told the Dothan Eagle his client is innocent of the misdemeanor charge he faces.\nThe newspaper reported police charged Wheelless and N", "Vevo presents singer J Blavin performing his latest song \u201cAzul\u201d live. Enjoy this video stream below after the jump and please share this with friends.\nI\u2019m so grateful that the team at Vevo helped me bring songs from my new album Colores to life. I take the visual presentation of my music very seriously, so it was great to work with a team of creators that hol", "A pic of fancy genuine, hope it and security guard of hers coming in the sun. For you under the door to finger fondling her. Its surroundings of reach i know about the force at him", "How do mutations in the genes CD46 and CFH affect patients with systemic lupus erythematosus", "d Austin is only about 50 minutes from Burnet. Oak Vista is less than 5 minutes to shopping, eateries, YMCA of the Highland Lakes (at Galloway Hammond Recreation Center), Hamilton Creek Park and trail, as well as Haley Nelson Park.\nThe owners of Fox Real Estate Group began developing Oak Vista subdivision in the late 1980's, and to date have several hundred acres that are still undeveloped and would love to sell some land to you!\nIf this subdivision sounds like one that fits your needs and lifestyle, Fox Real Estate Group can help you find the perfect lot, existing resale home, resale lot or builder for your new custom home.\nView a video tour:\nWe're at your service:\nThe Fox Real Estate Group\nAnn Riddell, Broker\n605 B North Water St\nBurnet, TX 78611\nPhone: (512) 756-6066\nFax: (512) 756-8532\nInformation deemed reliable, but not guaranteed", "What did the speaker and their sister buy during their shopping experience in Barcelona", "What did President Obama direct the Department of Justice to examine regarding Arizona's immigration law", "What are some ways the novel device can be used or customized", "you do in such a perfect way. That's what it is about.\nAnd forever more, when you do something of great importance, when you work and work for that goal, and you finally get there... what better way to express that feeling than to listen to the Theme from Rocky! Raise your hands in the air like a champion, for you have conquered!\nComing soon: my starting measurements. (Yes, I'm putting them up here for the world to see, and I'll be posting updated stats once a month. I'M DONE FUCKING AROUND.", "ext step was \u201cto place an absolute ban on all forms of sexual activity other than intercourse between married persons, carried out with the object of procreating.\u201d\nThe entire structure of modern society, with its loss of individual authority and distorted sexuality, is enshrined in these institutions. Rebellion against them is negated by survival fears triggered by shame-based feelings. Sexual shame thus plays a crucial role in upholding patriarchal structures; hence patriarchies respond to sexual liberality with the utmost violence.\nState-sanctioned sexual violence in Western Europe peaked with the Inquisition, beginning in France in the 12th century. The sexual basis of witch-hunting is explicit in the Malleus Malleficarum, a central document of the Inquisition written by Heinrich Kramer in 1486: \u201cAll witchcraft comes from carnal lust.\u201d All sexual behaviour other than married, procreative sex merited death.\nThis unyielding attitude reveals what Taylor calls \u201cthe psychological process of decomposition\u2026 it simplifies our emotional situation if we can divide people and things into wholly good and wholly bad\u201d. Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT) recognises the inability to perceive shades of grey as a cognitive distortion.\nWhile the Inquisition killed millions in northern Europe and Spain, in Italy a counter-movement took place: the Renaissance. This is a turning point in the history of shame. It was the first of a series of liberating waves that lapped against the bulwark of patriarchy over the ensuing centuries.\nThe change underpinning the Renaissance was a new sense of individuality. This mingled with the notion of romantic love brought to Italy by Proven\u00e7al troubadours fleeing the Inquisition. The result was a rise in the status of women and a relaxation of sexual prohibitions across mainland Europe in the 15th century.\nBotticelli\u2019s painting, Venus and Mars, clearly demonstrates this changing dynamic. Exhausted by millennia of patriarchal infighting, Mars (man) lies exhausted with a spear aimed at his head. Meanwhile Venus (woman) quietly bides her time. The symbolism doesn\u2019t end there. The spear is tipped not with steel but with a seashell, a medieval symbol for female sexuality. Botticelli\u2019s meaning is clear: in the fullness of time, sexuality will overthrow violence. This painting captures the history of shame perhaps more clearly than any other single image.\nTo died-in-the-wool patriarchs, this permissiveness was intolerable. The Renaissance reached England in the 15th century, just before the movement that arose in response to it: the Protestant Reformation. This was fostered by disenchantment with church corruption, particularly the sale of indulgences (remissions of church punishments), which were mostly for sexual deviance.\nFrom a patriarchal viewpoint, the Reformation was highly successful. \u201cThe countries which embraced Protestantism\u2026 made the greatest social, economic and political advances\u201d. While Catholics enjoyed relative sexual freedom, Protestants sublimated their sexual energy into work. The cost of the Protestant work ethic was emotional and sexual constriction with all its attendant neuroses.\nBut for the more extreme patriarchs even this wasn\u2019t enough. In the second half of the 16th century the Puritans became a significant religious and political force in England. They didn\u2019t just despise sex; they despised pleasure. Puritans advocated personal and group piety and sought to impose their narrow-minded doctrines onto others. Their mental and emotional rigidity \u2013 clear indicators of shame \u2013 can be gleaned from the pejorative term for Puritans in use at the time, \u2018precisians\u2019.\nBlocked from reshaping the Church of England in their joyless image, from 1629 onwards many Puritans left for New England. Here they established patriarchal communities and resumed witch-hunting. Sex-negative attitudes became embedded in America\u2019s burgeoning WASP (white Anglo-Saxon Protestant) population. Puritanism waned after the English Civil War (1642-1651). But it wasn\u2019t long before the next front opened in the war on emotional and sexual feelings: the Enlightenment, also known as the Age of Reason.\nThe publication of Isaac Newton\u2019s Principia Mathematica in 1687 serves as a useful marker for this period.\nInfluenced by Newton and philosophers such as Descartes, Locke and Voltaire, intellectuals challenged faith-based doctrines. Instead, they sought to reform society on scientific lines. The mark of civilisation was the ability to live entirely on principles of reason and rationality. Eschewing sex was not moral but rational, not about the salvation of the soul but of the mind.\n\u201cThe English vice\u201d\nHere is the idea of sex as unclean, an attitude that survives in terms such as the \u2018dirty weekend\u2019. Evolutionary psychologist Steven Pinker writes that, \u201cIn all societies, sex is at least somewhat \u2018dirty\u2019\u201d. This attitude is the end product of several millennia of accumulated sex-negative social conditioning. During the Age of Reason, the more men strove to suppress their sexual instincts the more these surfaced in distorted forms such as \u201cthe English vice\u201d \u2013 sexually motivated flagellation.\nRecoiling against this assault, Romanticism was an artistic movement that flowered during the first half of the 19th century. Superficially, it was an attempt to free nature from the deconstructing effect of the scientist\u2019s scalpel. This manifested, in William Wordsworth\u2019s phrase, in \u201cthe spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings\u201d. He was talking about poetry, but the orgasmic metaphor is clear.\nSocial theorist Isaiah Berlin wrote that the spirit of the age was \u201cseeking violently to burst through old and cramping forms\u2026 a search after means of expressing an unappeasable yearning for unattainable goals.\u201d\nTo the Romantic, no goal was more unobtainable than sexual freedom; an emotionally dissatisfied yearning underpins the age. The outcome of Romanticism was the concept of marriage based on mutual love. For the first time, the woman was seen as the man\u2019s equal. And thus the social quest became the search for one\u2019s \u2018other half\u2019, that sole individual with whom one experiences a reciprocal sense of emotional completeness.\nWhile sexual punishment peaked with the Inquisition, the high point for self-imposed sexual restriction came in the Victorian era. There was, Taylor writes, a \u201cgeneral desire to ignore the animal aspects of existence\u201d and an \u201cextreme sensitivity on the subject of the excretory functions\u201d.\nLanguage changed. \u2018Whore\u2019 and \u2018fornication\u2019, words previously legitimised by their use in the Bible, became taboo. Anything to do with legs \u2013 from those of a chicken to those of a piano \u2013 was indecent.\nBut all of this repressed energy had to go somewhere. As John Fowles observes in his portrait of Victorian sexual mores, The French Lieutenant\u2019s Woman, one in 60 houses in London was a brothel. Taylor suggests that their occupants were necessary to the era\u2019s collective psyche. \u201cThe Victorians needed prostitutes as objects on to whom to project all the negative part of their feelings for women.\u201d\nLuncheon on the Grass\nWhile most demonised female sexuality, some sought to humanise it. In 1863, genteel Parisians were shocked by Edouard Manet\u2019s painting Luncheon on the Grass.\nAs Robert Katz and Celestine Dars write, \u201cthe shock of seeing a female nude in the company of two modern-day dandies was simply too much\u201d. Manet was one of the new wave of Impressionist painters whose works show the return of feeling into painting.\nWhat is notable about Manet\u2019s nude is the way she stares directly at the viewer, unashamed of her nakedness. This was outrageous. Critic Louis Etienne slurred the woman as a br\u00e9da (a prostitute, after the Rue Br\u00e9da in Paris\u2019 red light district). He reviled the painting itself as \u201ca festering sore, unworthy of comment\u201d.\nThe establishment\u2019s antipathy to Impressionism was entirely predictable, but history was on the turn.\nAs the 19th century gave way to the 20th, conservative", "What job offer is Alex Parrish contemplating in Quantico Season 2", "Here comes from Orbiz another mind blowing release for your elegant home-d\u00e9cor. It is a perfectly designed custom Illusion lamp which aesthetically combines art and technology. It creates an optical 3D illusion playing a trick on human eyes. It is simply flying off from the shelves to reach all corners of our vast country. This incredible concept is indeed impressive with excellent performance. The cutting-edge hand-crafted design is astonishingly attractive to all aesthetic minds of men, women and children in every home. It is just meant to create a lasting impression up on your friends and all your guests. The artistic design professionally created becomes highly visible and shining from far but as you get closer, it fades away until you see an attractive acrylic glass sheet. No doubt, it lights up the room as well as your life. Besides the gentle light adds to the cooling effect of the bed-room prompting little children who are afraid of darkness, to sleep", "Construction Loans in Riverside County\nRIVERSIDE. County seat, Riverside. Created March 11, 1893. This county was created from portions of San Diego and San Bernardino counties and derived its name from the City of Riverside, christened when the upper canal of the Santa Ana River reached it in 1871.\nThe Riverside County Department of Building and Safety is dedicated to providing the citizens of Riverside County with courteous, efficient and cost effective services with the goal of improving the quality of life and orderly economic development by the provision and management of grading, building inspection and code enforcement within the integrated Transportation and Land Management Agency activities.\nCalifornia Construction Loans\nCalifornia Construction loans specializes in providing construction loans to families building their dream home from ground up on their own land. The types of construction loans we provide are typically called one time close construction loans or co", "What does the Vine Oh! subscription box typically cost and what discount codes can be used", "What does the author suggest to listen to when achieving something of great importance", "A brief history of shame\nIn What is unconscious shame? I\u2019ve written about how shame affects us today. In What is ancestral trauma? I\u2019ve written about the shame we still unconsciously carry from the dim and distant past. This brief history of shame joins the dots between the two. It traces the traumatic origins of shame in pre-Biblical times through to the modern era.\nThis may seem like a trawl through ancient history, \u2018water under the bridge\u2019. It is anything but. As Robert Orsi writes, \u201cThe claim \u2018oh, that\u2019s ancient history\u2019 is almost always a wish, an anxious attempt to put a boundary of time around some event that really is not over at all; it is a bid to silence the past.\u201d The keyword in that phrase is \u2018anxious\u2019. We sweep the past under the carpet because we\u2019re nervous about what it reveals of today\u2019s problems\u2014and our responsibility for fixing them.\nHistory of shame\nThe history of shame is an inexact science. I\u2019ve written how unconscious shame is, by definition, invisible. How can one write a history of something invisible? Yet the history of shame demands it. The footprints of shame can be traced from the sands of the pre-Biblical Middle East through to the rock\u2019n\u2019roll explosion in 1950s America by looking at these events not as factual history but as emotional history.\nIn this regard, it\u2019s important to remember the words of social theorist Edward Carpenter, who wrote in his 1899 book Civilization \u2013 its Cause and Cure that \u201cFeeling precedes thinking\u201d. Or, in other words, emotions precede thoughts. The implication of this statement is profound. Behind every painful factual event in history lies a painful event in emotional history. The history of shame is the history of those painful events.\nBehind every painful factual event in history lies a painful event in emotional history. The history of shame is the history of those painful events.\nOur prehistoric ancestors lived in a world without shame. They formed foraging societies and moved in tune with the seasons. They didn\u2019t stockpile food, suggesting that they had no concept of surplus or its opposite: shortage. Foraging may seem like an arduous existence. Studies have shown that their nutritious diet, based on a wide range of animal and plant life, could be gathered in as little as two days per week. This left them with ample time for relaxation and social interaction.\nThe sexual conventions of these communities are uncertain. In Sex at Dawn, Christopher Ryan and Cacilda Jeth\u00e1 argue that sex was freely available within social groups. It was used primarily as a bonding agent. This echoes socio-biologist E. O. Wilson, who wrote that \u201call that we can surmise of humankind\u2019s genetic history argues for a more liberal sexual morality\u201d than today\u2019s supposed sexual libertarianism.\nWith the development of agriculture around 8000 BC humans became dependent on beneficial growing conditions in given geographical locations. Ryan and Jeth\u00e1 identify this as the moment when non-possessive, multi-male/multi-female mating gave way to pair bonding and monogamy.\nTheir theory is disputed \u2013 both Lynn Saxon (Sex at Dusk) and David Barash (The Myth of Monogamy) accuse Ryan and Jeth\u00e1 of cherry-picking evidence \u2013 but one thing is clear: interpersonal violence was non-existent. Archaeologist Ofer Bar-Yosef found no evidence of warfare throughout the Near East prior to 6000 BC. Other regions are similarly lacking in unambiguous evidence for violence at this time. Whatever the customs of our Neolithic forebears, they did not include the violence that has dominated human history for the last eight millennia.\nAnd then something seismic happened.\nIn his monumental work Saharasia geographer James DeMeo documents how, from sporadic beginnings around 6000 BC, decreased rainfall in the Sahara, the Arabian Peninsula and what are now the deserts of Central Asia caused these areas, previously verdant savannahs teeming with wildlife, to become arid. The consequences were profound: \u201cAfter 6000 BC, sites in Anatolia, Syria, and Iraq yield evidence of drought, decline, and/or disturbed social conditions\u2026 Bodies of victims, mostly children\u2026 were found.\u201d\nClimate change around 4000 BC introduced the concept of shortage into the human psyche. A radically different social and political paradigm soon emerged.\nClimate change in Saharasia [De Meo\u2019s collective name for these three regions] introduced the concept of shortage into the human psyche. A radically different social and political paradigm soon emerged. \u201cIt was in Saharasia, during the dessication phase, that irrigation agriculture and nomadic pastoralist technology first developed.\nBuilding construction and metallurgical knowledge were also first refined and advanced in Saharasia following the onset of drier conditions, as were various forms of central-state and military apparatus.\u201d Aridity in Saharasia, which became entrenched after 4000 BC, laid the foundations for today\u2019s military-political-industrial complex. Individual or group authority was replaced by a new concept of a ruling elite that the disempowered majority was beholden to.\nBut just who were the ruling elite?\nSurvival of the fittest\nDarwin\u2019s law of natural selection suggests that they were those who adapted best to the spreading desert conditions, which DeMeo\u2019s research confirms. He studied over a thousand ancient cultures, assessing each one on the basis of matriarchal and patriarchal characteristics.\nMatriarchal attributes include a high status and freedom for women and children, simple divorce rules, matrilineal descent, the absence of genital mutilation, unhindered adolescent sexuality and adult sexual freedom. Patriarchal attributes include their opposites: low status and serfdom for women and children, tough divorce rules, patrilineal descent, genital mutilation, restricted adolescent sexuality and lifelong compulsive monogamy.\nDeMeo\u2019s findings are clear. As Saharasia dried out, the tribes forced to abandon their now-infertile homelands became increasingly patriarchal as they erupted out of the desert to seize still-fertile territories.\nSurvival of the fittest rewarded brutality over amity and cruelty over empathy. As the deserts expanded this pattern repeated with the same inevitable result. To the victor the spoils, to the loser death or slavery. In the most brutal societies even the women became warriors and underwent ritual scarification to prove their bravery.\nInitially the objective was to secure a viable food source. The realisation emerged that the antidote to shortage was surplus. And so was born the concept of empire. But the problem with a shortage mentality is that no surplus is ever enough. Driven by an insatiable thirst for accumulation, patriarchy diffused out of North Africa and Central Asia to conquer the world.\nThe history of shame is the history of humanity\u2019s futile endeavour to accumulate enough to never experience shortage. The real shortage, however, is not physical but emotional. Behind the wars that have ravaged humanity for the last six millennia, including today\u2019s economic wars, lies our core emotional wound\u2014the mother wound. Nature\u2019s shift from a bountiful provider to a pitiless environment inflicted that wound\u2014which in turn led to patriarchy.\nThe birth of shame\nHere, in the emergence of patriarchy, we find the birthplace of unconscious shame.\nWith a life-or-death struggle for food sources, fighting ability became overwhelmingly prized while softness was equated with weakness. Archaeologist Timothy Taylor notes that warrior societies withheld colostrum from infants through early weaning. This created an unconscious rage that conferred an advantage on the battlefield.\nBut the emotional cost was monumental: sexuality and the emotions were the Achilles\u2019 heel that had to be rigidly controlled. Anyone who displayed the slightest weakness, which endangered the community, brought shame upon themselves and cast suspicion upon their entire bloodline. Brutal warrior elites arose, along with the concept", "What qualities make Luke Skywalker one of the best characters in the Star Wars galaxy according to the text", "What are some contrasting opinions about the second season of the show mentioned in the text", "PLAYMEN is a five year old project by Pavlos Manolis and Lefteris Xenakis focused on producing dance \u2013 pop music and performing DJ sets. Led by their passion for house music and their eagerness to experiment with new styles and tunes, they evolved into one of the hottest duos in the Greek music scene, creating \u2026\nPLAYMEN is a five year old project by Pavlos Manolis and Lefteris Xenakis focused on producing dance \u2013 pop music and performing DJ sets. Led by their passion for house music and their eagerness to experiment with new styles and tunes, they evolved into one of the hottest duos in the Greek music scene, creating a promising Brand Name.\nPlaymen\u2018s original productions have topped the charts and held the \u201cpower play\u201d title in most Greek dance-mainstream radios. The production of music that can supreme in the Global industry and electronic dance music (EDM) is their lead concern, since they both have \u201cstudied\u201d for years the international scenery, played and experimented in unique house sounds. The need to keep their sets innovating led Playmen into producing unique bootlegs and mash-ups. This is considered to be one of their best figure and have already gained the support of Tiesto\u2019s Club Life with the \u201cSupermode vs Hurts \u2013 Tell me why life is wonderful Playmen Bootleg\u201d (Tiesto\u2019s Club Life 186).\nTheir first breakthrough was in 2009 when \u201cTogether Forever\u201d was released through Universal. \u201cTogether Forever\u201d entered the mainstream radio airplays, charts, various compilations, reached 12.000 realtone downloadsdownloads for Cosmote and over 2.000.000 views at YouTube. The same year Playmen also produced a number of Remixes for international Labels and artists like Richard Grey, Offer Nissim, Agent Greg, Star 69, Sound 2 Go and Ministry of Sound.", "What are the features and effects of the custom Illusion lamp released by Orbiz", "Mutations in genes encoding complement inhibitors CD46 and CFH affect the age at nephritis onset in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus\n1 Section of Rheumatology, Department of Clinical Sciences Lund, Lund University, Kioskgatan 3, SE-221 85 Lund, Sweden\n2 Section of Medical Protein Chemistry, Department of Laboratory Medicine Malm\u00f6, Lund University, S-205 02 Malm\u00f6, Sweden\n3 Section of Diabetes and Endocrinology, Department of Clinical Sciences Malm\u00f6, Lund University, S-205 02 Malm\u00f6, Sweden\n4 Rheumatology Unit, Department of Medicine, Karolinska University Hospital, Karolinska Institute, S-171 76 Stockholm, Sweden\n5 Section of Rheumatology, Department of Medical Sciences, Uppsala University, SE-751 Uppsala, Sweden\n6 Department of Laboratory Medicine, Section of Microbiology, Immunology and Glycobiology, Lund University, S\u00f6lvegatan 23, 223 62 Lund, Sweden\nArthritis Research & Therapy 2011, 13:R206 doi:10.1186/ar3539Published: 15 December 2011\nInherited deficiencies of several complement components strongly predispose to systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) while deficiencies of complement inhibitors are found in kidney diseases such as atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS).\nThe exons of complement inhibitor genes CD46 and CFH (factor H) were fully sequenced using the Sanger meth", "used in various type of applications: home, hotel, office, bank, hospital, library, showrooms, etc. We would like to welcome you to know more about our products and its features.\nOver the last 5 years, LED lights have revolutionized the Indian lighting industry. However, being a relatively new technological entrant, people are still not very clear about the various terminologies and features associated with LED lights. Here, we try to address a few of the frequent queries. In case you have further question, feel free to mail us. We will reciprocate at the earliest", "eriod.\nWe look at your home with a trained eye, making sure that everything is satisfactory. For example, we check for leaks, pests, and mold, all of which can be present in homes left alone for even the shortest interval. Should we find an issue or potential problem, we identify the homeowner immediately. We are glad to work with the homeowner's service provider or we can make a recommendation from our preferred service provider list. We also offer home concierge services. We service the following areas: Annapolis, MD, Severna Park, MD, Arnold, MD, Davidsonville, MD, Severn, MD, Edgewater. MD, and Stevensville, MD.\nBecome A Member\nPromote positive change in the community while helping your business grow.\nFind A Member\nConveniently search a list of all our members using our membership directory.", "njury of the heart, liver or kidneys.\nIn rare situations, children can develop a severe inflammatory syndrome a few weeks after infection.\nMoscow in Winter: A Fulfilling Guide to Enjoy Snow Holiday\nAs Russia is the coldest place in the world, Moscow in winter will be terrific. But it shouldn\u2019t...\nIstanbul in Winter: A Guide to Breathtaking Winters\nIstanbul is a country that has something for everyone in every season. Be it winter, summer, or autumn,...\nNew Year in Armenia: A Joyful Beginning and Radiating Start!\nIf you are considering joining this amazing New Year celebration in Armenia, continue reading this blog. We have..", "What items are included in a quarterly Vine Oh! subscription box", "What features of the trail guide make it easy to carry and use"]}