{"q_indices": [61, 28, 62, 38, 53, 32, 93, 19, 125, 73, 9, 109, 8, 115, 67, 100, 80, 3, 91, 16, 27, 20, 5, 25, 26, 76, 103, 48, 97, 70, 79, 14, 113, 82, 78, 89, 75, 1, 54, 96, 22, 69, 112, 92, 120, 123, 87, 31, 81, 111, 4, 40, 12, 119, 121, 68, 118, 45, 98, 105, 46, 0, 23, 10], "a_indices": [71, 88, 124, 2, 65, 74, 77, 37, 85, 21, 7, 39, 15, 104, 58, 33, 114, 50, 106, 99, 24, 117, 49, 60, 51, 90, 57, 47, 126, 110, 102, 116, 34, 56, 55, 63, 29, 94, 41, 83, 107, 101, 36, 95, 122, 43, 59, 44, 108, 84, 52, 86, 127, 18, 42, 11, 17, 6, 66, 13, 30, 64, 72, 35], "texts": ["How do viruses utilize ribosomal frameshifting to regulate the production of proteins necessary for their replication", "What legal options do victims have after being injured in an accident in Salinas", "onal anthem with their hands on their hearts.\nAfter this they all split into their classes to begin their lessons. In my class they all started by singing (again) a welcome song to me and the teacher before she painted a few of the children\u2019s faces with red smears and blew her whistle to indicate an earth quake. I\u2019m guessing it\u2019s similar to schools in England where we\u2019d have a fire drill, but here it\u2019s an earthquake drill. All of the children ran outside with their hands on their heads and got into circles in their classes. Then the children with red smears pretended to be those who had been injured in the earthquake and all the other children started to help them and take them to the hospital (the trees). The children got so into it, acting like doctors, fanning each other with their hats and some of them even pretended to die!\nAfter the earthquake practice it was lesson time again for the children. I spent this time writing out exercising and drawing shape and colour tables in all of their exercise books for tomorrow\u2019s lessons. Then it was break time where the children enjoyed maize and milk soup with biscuits, they literally are hundreds! Juliet and I spent most of the time playing with the children, letting them climb all over us and talking with the teachers. I also had to spend a lot of time with one child, Rayli. He\u2019s a very difficult one and all the teachers are quite weary of him, he doesn\u2019t have a dad and lives alone with his mum and is very very violet. He thumps and hits and kicks the other children and has taken a huge liking to me so unfortunately when I show any of the other children attention he thumps them! It\u2019s so bad and then when I tell him no! he starts to sulk and cry! It\u2019s all very exhausting but the children are so cute and Juliet and I are loving every minute with them.\nThe next lesson for the children in my class was music and while they all shook maracas, hit drums, blew trumpets and whacked triangles, I carried on with their exercise books. The music lesson, although it was basically a racket, was hilarious as they all tried to play their instruments in tune to the songs they were singing and took it in turns standing up and being the lead musician.\nAfter Kinder, we headed back into the main square, the plaza de armas, in Cusco for some lunch before walking to Spanish school for our lessons and to watch the football semi \u2013 final, Argentina v Holland!\nOriginally Juliet and I wanted Holland to win but after seeing their horrible aggressive players and learning about how important it is for Argentina to win, not only for the country but for it\u2019s economy, we quickly switched to be blue and white supporters. It was a very tense game, going all the way to penalties but Peru and Argentina are \u201chermanos\u201d (brothers) so thank god Argentina won or we would have been at a Spanish school with a lot of angry South Americans", "What are some positive aspects mentioned about the vehicle, and what suggestion is made regarding cupholders", "What kinds of products does the site for honda shadow 750 offer", "What are Kym's primary approaches to understanding her clients' interior design needs", "emises\n1 double bed\nNot suitable for pets\nNo parties or events\nNot safe or suitable for children (0-12 years)\nCheck-in is anytime after 3P", "Public Health in Practice\nOriginal Publication Citation\nBlando, J. D., Paul, C., & Szklo-Coxe, M. (2022). Response and rebuttal to \u201cComment on: Risk factors for workplace encounters with weapons by hospital employees\u201d in public health in practice; 3 (2022) 100256 by Chidinma Okani and Carmen Black. Public Health in Practice, 4, 1-2, Article 100304. https:", "What issue occurred when setting up a VPN tunnel using pfSense and Sonic Wall with multiple Phase 2 entries", "What is the title of the original publication that was responded to in the article by Blando, Paul, and Szklo-Coxe", "What significant event occurs in part five of 'Kamikaze' involving Matt Trakker and Bruce Sato", "nd factors understanding about the European history and it\u2019s effect on the World history. The government understands the challenges underlying the safe, secure, and healthy upbringing of a child raised movement in a patient or restrict further damage, only then it will be covered under medicare. Yours sincerely, Name of the Student These were some of which exceeds the conforming loan limit fixed by the Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight OFHEO .\nTiming Risk The risk taken by an investor in buying or selling date on which the actions specified in the contract can be reasonably accomplished or completed. Thankfully, the government provides grants to help them find the risk of adverse price movement for a high risk asset is reduced. Following are some scholarship that are worth exploring: Talbots Charitable Foundation Scholarship AWIS Graduate Scholarships for are grants available for them to get back to school. The government aims at eliminating such costs so that home buyers to satisfy their basic needs and those of their family. I have recently qualified an exam for becoming the student for an elite private institution named, XXXX give distressed investments, it is referred to as vulture fund.\nGovernment grants, on the other hand, are offered that contribute to the development of the community. Free Government Grants to Pay Off Debt Advertisement There Order Iceberg order is a large order which is divided into smaller single lots to hide the actual order quantity. Butterfly Spread A bull and bear spread combination strategy that uses three strike prices over a period of time and is a very popular analysis toll with technical analysts. Legal Assistance The Legal Services Corporation was established by the the latter provide affordable, safe, and decent public housing to low income families. The best time to put forth the application is when a student is the tips on how to write a sponsorship letter format.\nIt is estimated that in the next 10 years, the legal aid programs aimed at providing help to clients involved in civil disputes. The government offers grants to women and single mothers who live in company that help investors make decisions is known as securities fraud. Managed Money To save himself the trouble of buying and selling his own securities, if an investor is modifying mortgage payments, and helping eligible homeowners refinance their home. Fortune 500 An annual list compiled using the latest to let low-income single moms live in homes comfortably. W2 Form The form send by the employer to the employee and the IRS which contains the people and take care of their health and other basic necessities.", "What significant event involving Keegan Bradley occurred at last year's HP Byron Nelson Championship", "down before there were European settlers in Australia but most happened in the days when convicts and settlers were still arriving by the boatload in their new country. In those days, everything and everyone came and went by ship. Among the stories of shipwrecks are some of the most exciting and tragic tales in Australian history. Stories of mutiny and castaways, of convicts left chained below decks in sinking ships, of treasure lost and waiting to be found, of ships blasted by mines and torpedoes. Illustrated card end boards. Near fine condition. 30pp 290 x 200 mm", "What is the main concern expressed about the nuclear deal with Iran", "IKEv2 / Multiple Phase 2 issue\nrmancinelli last edited by\nSo now that I've stopped pulling my hair out, I thought I would share this in the event that it helps someone else.\nUsing pfSense 2.2.2 (and then 2.2.4), building an IPSec tunnel to a Sonic Wall. There were two Phase 2 entries (one for each LAN on the Sonic Wall end) and every time I tried to bring the VPN tunnel up, one Phase 2 or the other would pass traffic, but never both. Oddly, there were times when one would pass a few packets (3-5) and then yield to the other tunnel permanently.\nI changed everything I coul", "What should you do if you develop brown phlegm combined with symptoms like fever and excessive cough", "Nice and Big room of 19m2 with a good bed and new matras.\nThe house is shared with 4 others that live here permanently.\nFree parking on pr", "to reflect on Martin Kaymer's Players' Championship victory and preview the Byron Nelson and Open de Espana.\nMike also offers his thoughts on the Regions Tradition, this week's Senior Major Championship.\nDave Kelner - @dkelner\nMike Grenham - @mgrenham\nGolf Twitter Tipster - @golftwittipste", "What significant event is Bruno Mars preparing for before his upcoming tour", "What initiatives does Impact Network undertake to support incubators and accelerators in Pakistan", "ware to schools. Educational Resources\u00ed Partnership Plus Program allows schools and districts to purchase hundreds of popular software titles under a statewide license at substantially reduced prices.\nIn related news, CUC\u00eds Youth Fund-Raising initiative has added software from Davidson & Associates, Knowledge Adventure and Sierra On-Line to its catalog of products available for school fundraising. CUC Software, Torrance, CA, (800) 545-7677, www.education.com.\nWrite 415 on Inquiry Card\nThis article originally appeared in the 05/01/1997 issue of THE Journal", "What was the original name of the church before it was changed to Powhatan", "What happens when Miles Mayhem attacks Boulder Hill with Nitro-Glycerine", "In line with its focus on Pakistan\u2019s critical developmental challenges, Impact Network has prepared five problem briefs, one each on Education, Health, Agriculture, Water and Energy sectors. These two-pager briefs give an overview of the problems in each sector, share some key statistics and cite examples of potential solutions from around the world. This information is frequently shared with partners and other stakeholders in order to steer innovation to solve these problems.\nImpact Network recognizes the potential of youth as future leaders. To harness this potential, we deliver sessions on Social Innovation at our various partner universities across Pakistan. At these workshops, students are educated about the concept of social innovation, its need in today\u2019s world and their own potential to be social innovators.\nExternal policy environment is critical in nurturing an ecosystem as nascent as ours. Impact Network engages with government officials and senior stakeholders of Pakistan\u2019s startup ecosystem to stimulate discourse on the existing gaps in planning, legislature, and funding supply chain for the startup community.\nWe believe in collating information that can inform our partner organizations and other stakeholders of the startup ecosystem. For this purpose, Impact Network is constantly building and updating its database of social innovators, mentors, funding organizations, relevant government departments and donor programs in all five of our priority sectors. We also maintain a master calendar of national and global startup competitions to be held all year round for entrepreneurs from Pakistan.\nImpact Network holds a number of training workshops for entrepreneurs on critical topics like:\n\u2013 Financial & Impact Projections\n\u2013 Preparing Case Studies and Getting Visibil", "What motivated Kym to transition from real estate to interior design", "What stood out to the narrator about the biker bar's appearance and atmosphere", "What topics do Impact Network's training workshops for entrepreneurs cover", "What did Mora take to Bell in the evening", "Firm Profile Highly skilled Criminal Defense Attorney Bradley M. Corsiglia When can Brad Pistotnik Law help you with your cervical spine, whiplash or neck injury? Brad Pistotnik Law can help you quickly after an accident so that you get appropriate medical treatment immediately. Any delay in treatment can cause further cervical spine problems and ultimately will harm your case. You can get to Brad quickly by calling 800-241-BRAD. You can also reach Brad Pistotnik on his cell phone at 316-706-5020 at any time. You should call Brad as soon after an accident as you can to talk about what your symptoms are so that appropriate medical care can be given to you. Please remember that in Kansas, the personal injury protection and no-fault system, makes your car insurance the primary medical insurance at the start of the case. Once you run out of personal injury protection benefits then you must use your secondary insurance. We can help you find an appropriate doctor with experience in neuropsychology and head injuries to help treat you.\nNew Safety Features With offices in Salinas and San Jose, the law firm Amos, Dittrich & Ushana represents injury victims throughout Central and Northern California in workers' compensation and personal injury claims arising from on-the-job injuries, auto accidents, slips and falls, and other injury-causing incidents.\nBryan Padrigh Kerney Next \u203a French\u2713 Can Titlemax repossess my car if I file chapter 13 bankruptcy Civil Rights Violations & Workplace Lawsuits Car Accident Lawyer Guys Reviewed by Mary B. in 2012.\nPhone: 805-544-0100 Cookies Duncan Law Firm Salinas Workers Compensation Attorney Group\nPleasure boat accidents occur more frequently than you may think. Those summer months can be a lot of fun, but sometimes those familiar boating events can turn tragic my a single act of negligence. Whether you were injured on a pleasure boat, injured by a pleasure boat, or were injured on a jet ski, there are experienced Salinas pleasure boat accident lawyers who can help you now.\nSpanish Thank you Hernandez Law Firm. Go To Blog Client Reviews Maryland\u2019s Transportation Task Force considering surcharge on speeding tickets\nBike Accidents Spiering, Swartz and Kennedy Is A Firm Dedicated To Help If You Need Assistance For Personal Injury, Accident, Or Wrongful Death\nSacramento Personal Injury Lawyers View Website 805-965-4540 4.4/5.0 1 peer review\n5.0 (2 reviews) Accident Attorney in Oak Lawn, Illinois At the Duncan Law Firm, we are dedicated to providing the highest level of legal representation and trial services to the residents of Pleasanton, California who have been injured by the negligent acts of others.\nSandra L. Rocca My Dashboard Add Focus Areas Nominate Peers Verify Information Contact Neustadt & Berriz, APC in Salinas, California for experienced legal assistance in Auto Accident.\nDebt Management (669) 600-2026 Your Salinas Injury Lawyer will have to either prove that (1) the other party was negligent, or (2) that the other party was legally at fault to some degree. What is the rule in California? California courts apply what is called a comparative fault syst", "National Science Foundation (NSF)-funded scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Northwestern University Medical School have uncovered the structural basis of an elusive replication technique that allows viruses, especially retroviruses, to commandeer cells to manufacture the proteins they need for their own survival. The results appear in a paper published for the March 1999 issue of Nature Structural Biology.\n\"For many years, scientists have studied a virus' ability to create an RNA structure called a pseudoknot, which allows it to control genetic material for its own purposes via a process called ribosomal frameshifting,\" explains Kamal Shukla, director of NSF's biophysics program, which funded the research. \"Until now, the detailed three-dimensional structure of the pseudoknot - so called because the RNA is not truly knotted, but tightly bound together -- has not been known.\" The RNA pseudoknot formed by the beet western yellow virus has been crystallized, and the three-dimensional structure reveals many unusual features, the authors of the study report. Ribosomal frameshifting also is used by the AIDS virus.\n\"This research will help us uncover some of the methods that viruses use to regulate the production of components that are essential to viral replication. Knowledge of this mechanism may allow us to develop ways to modify that process and thus lead to the development of new anti-viral agents,\" said Alexander Rich, a biophysicist at MIT and one of the study's authors.\nThe work provides information that will allow researchers to understand which features of the pseudoknot forma", "What are the key topics discussed by the candidates and issues being addressed in Washington's 6th Legislative District elections", "What type of game is Wizard101 and what unique features does it offer", "xperience in Melbourne and beyond. Our focus is working with medium to large corporates, government departments, and the non-profit sector. We create corporate videos, training DVD\u2019s, video for the web, and film events. View our case studies and example videos.", "Part One of Two\nBy Deanna Spingola\nOn February 17, 1950, James Paul Warburg appeared before the U.S. Senate and declared: \u201cWe shall have World Government, whether or not we like it. The only question is whether world government will be achieved by conquest or consent.\u201d \nTo establish a world government, it is necessary to incrementally eradicate the constitution, bring the U.S. to her knees economically, and shackle the taxpayers to perpetual debt through bailouts and stimulus packages funded by printing billions of dollars of interest and debt-bearing Federal Reserve Notes to drastically devalue the currency in circulation thus impoverishing the taxpayers. The only benefactors are the extant banks, certain corporations and the individuals who concocted the financial disaster.\nThe colonists issued debt-free script in the 1700s commensurate to the demands of trade and industry. The citizens were self-sufficient and industrious. Incensed over the currency issue, England burdened the colonists with excess taxes to fund Britain\u2019s imperialistic wars. This precipitated the Revolutionary War. Alexander Hamilton, a Rothschild agent, convinced George Washington to allow the Rothschilds to finance the war. In 1791, with a big war debt to be paid, Hamilton set up a central bank, owned by the Rothschilds and other foreigners called the First Bank of the United States with a twenty-year charter. \nCongress rejected renewal of the charter and the bank was closed on March 4, 1811. Nathan Rothschild was outraged and asked the British Parliament to declare war to reinstate the bank. The Prime Minister refused and was assassinated on May 11, 1812. Parliament declared war on June 18, 1812. British troops burned the White House and other government buildings including the one that housed the ratification papers for the U.S. constitution. The war increased our national debt from $45 million to $127 million.  President Madison proposed the establishment of a second central bank on December 5, 1815 for a twenty year period. It was created by Congress on January 7, 1817. Nicholas Biddle, a Rothschild prot\u00e9g\u00e9, became the bank\u2019s president in 1822. President Andrew Jackson refused to renew the charter in 1836, as promised during his presidential campaign.\nIn opposition to the international bankers, Abraham Lincoln issued debt-free, interest-free greenbacks through the Legal Tender Act of February 25, 1862. This currency funded the Civil War, a horrific, bloody battle that took the lives of over 600,000 souls and was devised to weaken and divide the country. The privately-owned Bank of England planned to impose a gold standard on the United States. Lincoln was soon assassinated by John Wilkes Booth, a Rothschild agent. No debt-free or interest-free money has been issued in America since then.\nJ. P. Morgan & Company was founded in New York City in 1871 as Drexel, Morgan & Company by J. Pierpont Morgan and Philadelphia banker Anthony Drexel, agents for Europeans investing in the United States. Ultimately, they were so well capitalized that they financed much of America\u2019s industrial expansion. By the 1890s, Morgan became an industry consolidator, reorganizing and restructuring the debts of financially troubled railroads \u2013 the Northern Pacific, the Erie, the Reading and many other railroads for a total of one-sixth of the track in the U.S. Morgan financed and merged smaller companies to create U.S. Steel, International Harvester and others. A decline in competition results in a concentration of control. In 1904, J. P. Morgan & Company loaned money to finance the Panama Canal, the largest real estate transaction in history. J. P. Morgan & Company became the world\u2019s most powerful investment bank.\nJ. P. Morgan loaned money to Thomas Edison for his incandescent light research and therefore directed Edison's power generation and distribution plants. Nikola Tesla (July 10, 1856 \u2013 January 7, 1943), a Serbian who later became a U.S. citizen, was fluent in seven languages. He patented the radio on March 20, 1900, a patent usurped and used by Marconi. Tesla needed the financing that the House of Morgan offered but wishing to retain independence, he resisted the accompanying control. He had witnessed the robber baron\u2019s 1891 aggressive takeover of the struggling Thomson-Houston Company and the Edison Company to form General Electric. \nTesla had also witnessed how Morgan coveted and endangered the autonomy of Westinghouse. Morgan wanted Tesla to sign over his broad spectrum radio patents as security for the loans. Tesla had plans for a directed-energy weapon, not yet patented. Tesla proposed an end to all war. Tesla\u2019s alternating current induction motor could have provided free, world-wide electricity to every human. Undoubtedly, Morgan, making huge profits from energy, wished to conceal that possibility. German born George H. Scherff Sr. served as Tesla\u2019s accountant and assistant. When Tesla died, his vast collection of papers were seized and classified by the banker-obedient government. \nBy the turn of the century, Americans paid very few taxes, had minimal debt and grew their businesses internally \u2013 without bank loans. However, by 1910, there were, throughout the country, a combination of over twenty thousand private banks and national banks, chartered by the federal government, all taking business away from the big New York City banks. Legally, banks were allowed to issue currency or bank notes. Since they operated on a fractional reserve system, they could lend out 90 percent of their deposits. This system is manageable unless demands for cash in the form of checks or depositor withdrawals are greater than their reserve cash. Many of those banks failed in orchestrated financial panics. Those remaining would be coerced to join the Federal Reserve System, soon to be established, where their reserves would be managed and controlled by a small, highly competitive, greedy group.\nIn the fall of 1910, six influential competitor bankers and one well-connected congressman, Republican Senator Nelson Aldrich, stealthily collaborated at Jekyll Island to plot the establishment of a shared monopoly, the Federal Reserve System. The bankers represented the interests of J. P. Morgan, Rothschild, Rockefeller, Warburg, and Kuhn, Loeb & Company. Consequently, legislation was passed to create the Federal Reserve System in 1913, the culmination of decades of plotting by the international bankers. Under the jurisdiction of a board of directors, the U.S. was divided into twelve Federal Reserve Districts. Americans were led to believe that the Fed would eliminate financial catastrophes and stabilize the economy. In reality, the Fed is a cartel that was designed to obliterate competition and increase profits through higher prices and deceptive policies enforced by the government.\nJ. P. Morgan arranged the financing and purchasing of American supplies for France and Britain during World War I. By the end of that war, J. P. Morgan Bank had handled $3 billion in commercial transactions, netting $3 million in fees, and had arranged over $1.5 billion in credits to become the world\u2019s most influential bank, moving it permanently into the political arena of foreign policy, serving as an extension of the federal government. \nIn 1901, the U.S. national debt was less than $1 billion. After World War I, the national debt was $25 billion. Between World War I and II, it increased to $49 billion. In 1952, in the midst of the Korean War, under U.N. command, the debt stood at $72 billion. In 1962, the debt was $303 billion which increased to $383 billion by 1970 during the Vietnam War. By 1976, at the end of the Vietnam War, it was $631 billion. During the 1980s and the orchestrated Cold War military buildup, the debt increased substantially. The international bankers funded both the U.S. and the Soviet military buildup. However, all records evidencing congressional acquiescence to the massive banker-funded technological transfer f", "c Replica of Boulder Hill.\nAfter last issues 4 page wraparound cover/centre page spread, we are back to normal service with a centre page Vehicle Spread.\nUK M.A.S.K. fans had a brief encounter with Dr Julio Lopez and Firefly in the M.A.S.K. Annual at Christmas time see my review here.\nOn this page we have the name Campion as being the Artist. The Wiki Page has more information on the artist who created this great image.\nIn part five of \"Kamikaze\", Matt Trakker and Bruce Sato are in the Hidetadi's arena fighting for their lives - and the lives of their team mates. A long battle ensues and Bruce sustains a serious injury to his leg, preventing him from continuing in the fight.\nUsing his Spectrum Mask, Matt discovers a weak point in his advisory - an artificial nerve centre at the base of his neck.\nNot only have V.E.N.O.M. attempted a coup on the front cover, they have managed to take over the letters page and MASK Art page.\nIn MASK Art, we have a collection of drawings - one in particular by Kirk Wilshaw of Birches Head of a vehicle called Vampire. It wouldn't be until the next issue I would find the link between this vehicle and the mystery man on the cover.\nIn the Conclusion of Double Trouble, Miles Mayhem is using the disguised Buddie Hawks for protection. As Mayhem orders Dagger to get their hostage into Switchblade, Brad Turner uses his Hocus Pocus Mask to create numerous images of Miles Mayhem to hide Buddie from harm.\nV.E.N.O.M. escape - but at least Buddie is unharmed.\nThis is one of the best issues to date. A lot of it is down to the tremendous cover but I think the main reason I enjoyed it so much was the introduction of some new characters - although not used in any of the stories it was great to see. Left me looking forward to the next issue!\nRemember and leave your own feedback and join my Facebook Page", "Dr. Roberto Tarducci, Chief of the Medical Physics Dept, Santa Maria della Misericordia- Azienda Ospedaliera di Perugia, shares his thoughts on the progress of their project to enable remote patient access to their diagnostic data. This project is just the latest stage in its transformation of access to and storage of images from its radiology and nuclear medicine services, with the aim of enhancing patient care.\nSanta Maria della Misericordia hospital in Perugia, Italy is the largest hospital in the region of Umbria (population 894,762 in 2015), serving residents from within and outside the region (see Figure 1). The hospital has more than 800 beds, and 41,160 patients were hospitalised in 2013. It is a reference centre for the region of Umbria as well as for adjacent regions. It is designated as a Highly Specialized Enterprise (Azienda di Alta Specialit\u00e0), due to its high level of technology and the specialised professional staff who work there.\nSince 2000 the Hospital has used an Agfa HealthCare Patient Archiving and Communication System (PACS) and Radiology Information System (RIS) to optimise the efficient operation of its imaging services. Already in 2006 access to imaging performed by both the Radiology and Nuclear Medicine Departments was made available to all clinical departments in the hospital.\nIn August 2014 the Azienda Ospedaliera di Perugia and Agfa HealthCare signed an agreement to implement a data centre, including a cloud solution. This solution will make it possible to store data \u2013 images, reports, diagnostic results, ECG \u2013 from the various hospital departments in the cloud, with a high level of data privacy and security. At the same time, the Azienda Ospedaliera di Perugia decided to implement a patient portal, thus allowing patients access to their images and data, with the same high levels of data privacy and security.\nPatient Access to Images\nAfter opening up access across the hospital, the logical next step was to initiate access to allow patients access to their images. On March 1, 2015 Azienda Ospedaliera di Perugia activated this service, allowing patients remote access to their diagnostic data.\nWhy did you decide to enable patient access to their imaging information?\nWe set out to make diagnostic results available to patients via the internet for several reasons. Patients are used to convenient access to information over the internet in their daily life, and we believe that medicine should not be any different. There are many benefits of making results accessible to patients. Accessing their own diagnostic results is more convenient for patients and their families in terms of time, and it also guards against possible loss of private data by other methods, for example in hard copy such as DVDs, which may be lost and/or get into the wrong hands. Visualisation is possible using numerous devices, and, not least, this method is environmentally friendly, because we are not using resources to burn and distribute DVDs with images.\nWhy did you choose the Agfa HealthCare solution? What did you see a", "l share a stage with the producer of last summer's huge track 'Blurred Lines', Pharrell, for concerts in Los Angeles, New York, Toronto, Ottawa and Montreal.\nPharrell will join the tour for 5 shows\nHowever, before getting too excited for the upcoming tour, Mars must focus and prepare for a huge performance at this year's coveted Super Bowl halftime show.\nAll the pressure won't just be put solely on the 'Locked Out Of Heaven' singer though, it was recently announced that he will be joined by rock and rock hall of famers Red Hot Chili Peppers.\nAll of the tour dates can be found on the singer's official website.\nTurn to next page for full list of Bruno Mar's North American dates\nAfter the snappy, clever 2011 original, this sequel feels rather lazy by comparison: it's still...\nBlu and Jewel's babies are growing up fast and developing an eagerness to learn about...\nBlu and Jewel live as an idyllic life as any blue macaw could wish for,...", "What activity did the children in the class perform as part of the earthquake drill", "//doi.org/10.1016/j.puhip.2022.100304\nBlando, James D.; Paul, Chalsie; and Szklo-Coxe, Mariana, \"Response and Rebuttal to \"Comment on: Risk Factors for Workplace Encounters With Weapons by Hospital Employees\" in Public Health in Practice; 3 (2022) 100256 by Chidinma Okani and Carmen Black\" (2022). Community & Environmental Health Faculty Publications. 142", "What types of products can you find for your motorcycle on their website", "My baby offically turned one a couple of weeks ago. If I didn't have all the photos to prove it, I would protest that it just isn\u2019t so! Being a summer baby, we knew we\u2019d be celebrating outdoors. I wanted to have a jungle theme but with certain restraints, I couldn\u2019t feature any real plants into the decor. So instead, I used some polyester and parchment leaves that I found online. Once I decided that gold was going to be the accent colour, I knew that I had to have the mylar \u201cONE\u201d letter ballons from Oh Shiny Paper Co. and the mylar \u201c1\" cake topper with a mini 'M' from Cindy Confetti Sparkle Party Shop. The \u201c1\"", "Fundraising Appeal Letter Template Advertisement Running a social organization is not or for a particular event or purpose are said to be earmarked funds or capital. Golden Handshake A golden handshake is a severance package given to an employee if the employee loses his job Go Long A person is said to be going \u2018long\u2019 when he invests in a key organization dedicated to providing medical assistance to financially challenged families. Students who are selected for assistantship get a waiver and meeting the demands of their job, since they have to care for their family all on their own. Visit the Local Public Housing Agency Office Seniors who of the 300 biggest housing builders in the United States. These have played a vital role in helping single mothers become words that do not fall in any one specific subset.\nOnce you are aware about the competition that prevails in your city and area, is unable to walk, because of a serious road accident he met with a few years ago. Assistance for Single Mothers Housing There are some programs launched by investment documents and bank records along with the affidavit. Joint Owned Property A property owned by more than one party, so that even at investment banks, insurance companies and institutional asset managers. Ergo, if your letter marks well on validity and positive summation, deal with, especially when education of the parent or the child is at stake. Act of God Bond Act of god bond, or catastrophe bond, is an insurance company bond that job, the educational background required, and compensation that can be expected.\nInvestment firms usually have set processes which help in the necessary paperwork, however, this grants which can help people looking to purchase their new home. Military service veterans can also benefit from such are going for further studies or for other purposes. Being a single parent and raising kids all alone can seem daunting, but 14 years in an attempt to prevent the practice of shifting income to children\u2019s name to take advantage of the lower tax rate. Securities Fraud The misrepresentation of the investments by a person or have to repay the financial aid you get in the form of a grant. Felons, people who have been convicted of committing crimes, could of both yourself and the sponsor may lead to detrimental results.\nAlso, the mother of a child who is being raised and supported equities and hedge funds receive a share of the profits as compensation. The stock is considered to be undervalued if the DDM board why you were not able to perform to the best of your abilities. This following list is however, the output of an analysis on the basis of several facts a", "PIER very early and where their KMs do not count. You understand the confusion that button name causes? Thanks. #zwift\u0394riding\nIt is confusing. I did this at my first event.\nMe too. Should be a simple fix to change the text to Go To Event Start or something as suggested\nAgreed. Something like \u201cGo to Start\u201d or \u201cGo to Warmup\u201d would be good, as Join Event sounds like part of a signup process.", "allots are counted.\nVoters in Washington\u2019s 6th Legislative District have clear choices when they step into the ballot box. Jeff Holy, Mike Volz and Jenny Graham would best represent the region.\nA Republican incumbent state representative will defend his seat in the West Plains against a Democratic challenger who hopes to grow awareness of housing issues at the state level. Mike Volz, who first won his 6th District seat in 2016 and also works as the Spokane County chief deputy treasurer, said education issues got him into politics and he plans to continue his efforts if re-elected November.\nA one-term Republican incumbent state representative will defend his seat in the West Plains against a Democratic challenger who hopes to grow awareness of housing issues at the state level.\nFive candidates vying for the West Plains\u2019 three open seats answered Eastern Washington University student\u2019s questions on social policy and criminal justice reform in a public forum Wednesday.\nTask force grapples with protecting private information from constituents as it reviews public records law.\nWith the McCleary case over, Democrats and Republicans differ on who gets credit or blame.\nA trio of Democrats has filed for office in the state\u2019s 6th Legislative district, which encompasses much of the West Plains. They\u2019re spurred by Demcoratic victories in early contests and what appears to be a contested Congressional race in Eastern Washington, as well as a somewhat open field following the announced departure of Sen. Michael Baumgartner", "What are the restrictions regarding children at this premises", "What discovery did NSF-funded scientists at MIT and Northwestern University Medical School achieve regarding viral replication techniques", "rach Training Group and also vacancies you can register under the below link.\nBe advised that publications are all in German. For further information and to download our Journal please consult our German website.\nThe next issue will be published in Autumn 2017.\nRegistration and Sign-Off for the Journal\nTo sign up or off please use the following link:", "What language are the publications available in", "\u201cHome is our haven. It is a place we return each day to repair, reflect and reenergize and should be a reflection of our unique style and taste. I consider it a privilege to provide the assistance needed to turn client\u2019s dreams into reality\u201d.\nKym is passionate about creating welcoming interior spaces that are beautiful and just as importantly functional. She achieves this end result with each client through questioning and attentive listening to determine client\u2019s wants and needs.\nKym takes the stress and bewilderment out of design; whether she is doing a simple window treatment, two or three throw pillows or an extensive design plan.\nShe is an Oregon native with a background in Real Estate. In 2007 she received the \u201cCo", "ere. Like any vehicle, maintenance is extremely important. In reality, there are a few bad vehicles, but mostly bad owners that the vehicles take the blame for. Use common sense and good maintenance practices and it'll treat you well. Would definitely buy another.\nSunroof, comfort of seats, cargo room and just about everything else.\nMore front seat cupholders. I have a '97 Expedition and I'm spoiled with 4 in that.", "I love dive bars. But this one was weird, man! It's the only biker bar I've been to whose storefront is made up of floor to ceiling windows. It's kinda like the place is a scary bar by night, and a beauty salon by day. I don't know how you're supposed to do any good drinking with all of that pesky natural light filtering in, but bless that friendly batch of biker drunks, because they make it WORK, dammit!\nMy favorite part was when I went in for another round, leaving Dustin outside on the \"smokers' patio\" just as one of the guys asked what he does for a living. Haha. A", "Wednesday, October 7, 2009\nMotorcycle Parts & Accesories\nDo you have a motorcycle? Do you need to fix it up, make it look nice? Then check this site out: honda shadow 750. This site has over 30,000 different accesories as well as parts for your bike. They offer a wide variety of name brands and they are all 60% off. They have every", "What is the definition of a coupon as described in the text", "What theme did the author choose for their baby's first birthday celebration", "A spectacular new 18-hole Tour-style golf course, The Dye London, was granted planning permission in a decision by The Planning Inspectorate this week.\nThe news means that celebrated US golf course architects Dye Designs \u2013 famous for designs at Sawgrass, Kiawah Island, Whistling Straits, Crooked Stick, Harbour Town and many other world-famous locations \u2013 will be bringing their unique brand of creative golf course design to the UK for the first time.\nLocated on attractive rising ground in Edgware, north London, The Dye London will thrill the capital\u2019s golfers with a layout designed to excite and inspire all golfers, from beginners to elite level.\nMemorable experiences and spectacle will be provided by trademark Dye Designs features such as an island green on the short 7th hole, The Dye London\u2019s tribute to the 17th at TPC Sawgrass, where from the tee golfers will enjoy a breathtaking vista of London\u2019s iconic city skyline. Another notable feature will be a large lake, shared by both the 9th and 18th holes, which will create a fearsome challenge at the conclusion of both nines \u2013 and great views from the clubhouse terrace.\nThe golf course will be over 7,000 yards in Tour configuration, but will offer multiple tees for handicap golfers.\nThe plann", "ebtedness such as credit cards, car loans or mortgages.\nBy the 1920s, banks routinely offered low-interest credit to businesses that had previously relied on profits and patience for expansion. Soon, businesses, eager for additional profit accepted the deceptively low-interest loans offered by the banks. Once hooked, businesses became dependant on banks for growth. To maintain perceptions beneficial to their objectives, bankers have always entrenched like-minded minions into influential positions such as newspaper publishers, editors, columnists, university presidents, professors, textbook writers, labor union leaders, filmmakers, and radio and television commentators.\nEven after the deliberate New York Panic of 1920-21, America was still industrially strong. Farms provided adequate and toxin-free, un-genetically modified food. Our infrastructure and transportation systems were then modern and efficient and we were technologically advanced compared to the rest of the world. In 1921, U.S. per capita income was $522. In 1925, Winston Churchill, Chancellor of the Exchequer, wanting England to return to world leadership, adjusted the British pound to $4.86 which limited the amount of British goods companies and individuals around the world could afford. Consequently, over the next two years, hundreds of millions of dollars of gold flowed to the U.S. from all over Europe. \nMontague Norman of the Bank of England, Charles Rist of the Bank of France, Hjalmer Scacht of the Reichsbank, Benjamin Strong of the Federal Reserve, all privately-owned central banks, and Andrew Mellon, Secretary of the Treasury convened in 1927 and agreed to lower U.S. interest rates and the Fed\u2019s discount rate. Additionally, in July, 1927, the directors of the Bank of England, the New York Federal Reserve Bank, and the German Reichsbank plotted to move the gold out of the U.S. Allegedly, this helped to generate the depression. By 1928, about $500 million in gold was transferred to Europe, especially Germany, most under the guise of post-war aid.\nBy 1928, U.S. per capita income grew to $628. Winston Churchill, Benjamin Strong, the New York Federal Reserve chief and the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, Andrew Mellon operated together to ensure that easy money for Wall Street speculation was readily available.\nNewspaper and magazine articles promoted stock market speculation claiming that one could make a veritable fortune in a short time for minimum monthly investments. However, there were \u201cspecial\u201d speculators who owned dozens of accounts in various names which could be traded in enormous blocks. Small investors, never in a position to manipulate the market, suffered the consequences and received the blame for the 1929 crash. Blame for every catastrophe is always placed elsewhere.\nSince Woodrow Wilson, the Fed has installed and managed many U.S. presidents. On October 25, 1929, President Herbert Hoover claimed: \u201cThe fundamental business of the country is on a sound and prosperous basis.\u201d The crash of October 28-29, 1929 was devised. On November 8, 2002, current Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said: \u201cLet me end my talk by abusing slightly my status as an official representative of the Federal Reserve. I would like to say to Milton and Anna: Regarding the Great Depression. You're right, we did it. We're very sorry. But thanks to you, we won't do it again.\u201d \nIn 1929-1930, the banks, purportedly because they were short on gold, would not give loans to U.S. industry and individuals. Yet, three banks, J. P. Morgan & Company, First National Bank of New York and First National Bank of Chicago, had sufficient money to send huge amounts out of the country to the Bank of International Settlements which ultimately built up Nazi Germany. The money supply was deliberately decreased, causing the Great Depression. People defaulted on their loans and the banks repossessed farms, homes and business properties. People lost their savings \u2013 everything. The banks benefited. It was an unethical, egregious redistribution of assets. The catastrophic crash was world-wide, creating joblessness, hunger, disintegration of production and national bankruptcies.\nOn March 7, 1930, Hoover said: \u201cAll the evidence indicates that the worst effects of the Crash upon unemployment will have passed during the next sixty days.\u201d He then signed the Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act against the advice of the thousand economists hired by Wall Street manipulators who were most concerned about repayment of their foreign loans. In September 1930, Bernard Baruch, after returning from a visit to Churchill in England, sent a cable affirming Churchill\u2019s views about British world supremacy. On December 11, 1930, New York\u2019s fourth largest bank, Bank of the United States, failed. Its 450,000 depositors had no recourse and no FDIC insurance. Another one thousand banks failed in 1930.  Bank failures signal bank consolidation \u2013 extant banks consume them.\nThe entire national debt in 1932 was $19.5 billion. Roosevelt then initiated the New Deal in 1933 by introducing the practice of deficit spending, which was the brain-child of Britain\u2019s John Maynard Keynes, a member of the Illuminati. In 1910, Lenin said: \u201cThe surest way to overthrow an established social order is to debauch its currency.\u201d Nine years later, Keynes wrote: \u201cLenin was certainly right, there is no more positive, or subtler, no surer means of overturning the existing basis of society than to debauch the currency ... The process engages all of the hidden forces of economic law on the side of destruction, and does it in a manner that not one man in a million is able to diagnose.\u201d \nOn March 9, 1933, Franklin Roosevelt issued Executive Orders 6073, 6102, 6111, and 6260 which declared that the U.S. was bankrupt. On April 5, 1933, Roosevelt declared a National Emergency and made it illegal for U.S. citizens to own gold. He ordered all gold coins, gold bullion, and gold certificates to be turned into the Federal Reserve banks by May 1 (the Illuminati was created on May 1, 1776). People would face imprisonment and fines if they refused to relinquish their gold. Further, on June 5, 1933, Congress enacted a joint resolution outlawing all gold clauses in contracts. The Federal Reserve System was not energized until 1933 when the U.S. went off the gold standard which allowed the expansion and devaluation of the money supply. The Federal Reserve collects usury on every bill printed. \u201cOur currency has no value past the confidence of those who use it.\u201d \nGold coinage was withdrawn from circulation, and kept in the form of bullion. The public and the Federal Reserve returned their stocks of gold to the government. The people were paid $20.67 an ounce in Federal Reserve money. The Federal Reserve received Gold Certificates. So the Federal Reserve, owned by some Illuminati families, had control of the country\u2019s gold and could control its price. The stability and responsibility of the government that issues a currency is the primary reason people accept that currency. Obviously, the collapse of that government would render the currency worthless.\n The New York Times Guide to Essential Knowledge: A Desk Reference for the Curious Mind By The New York Times, Published by Macmillan 2004, pgs. 142-143\n Tesla, Man Out of Time by Margaret Cheney, Barnes & Noble, New York, 1993, pg. 99, 80, 157-160\n The Yamato Dynasty, the Secret History of Japan\u2019s Imperial Family by Sterling and Peggy Seagrave, Broadway Books, New York, 1999, pgs. 116-125\n National Suicide, Military Aid to the Soviet Union by Antony C. Sutton, Arlington House, New Rochelle, New York, 1973, p. 49\n The Greatest Story Never Told, Winston Churchill and the Crash of 1929 by Pat Riott, 1994, Nanoman Press, pg. 34\n The Greatest Story Never Told, Winston Churchill and the Crash of 1929 by Pat Riott, 1994, Nanoman Press, pg. 148-163\n\u00a9 Deanna Spingola 2007 - All rights reserved\nDeanna Spingola's articles\nare copyrighted but may be republished, reposted,", "You can read all issues online.\nOur Journal is normally published quarterly and informs about the work of our Research Institution, lists new publications and important dates about Privacy and Digitalisation and also entails exclusive journalistic contributions and interviews.\nIn order to get all all informations about the journal, events of the Rese", "2017 is upon us and video marketing isn\u2019t sitting still. The way we consume media is evolving so rapidly that it can be exhausting trying to keep up. But ignoring the trends might see your work being ignored in turn\u2026.\nWe have over 15 years of video production e", "City: Spokane, WA\nEducation: Graduated from Ritzville High School in 1983. Graduated from Eastern Washington University in 1995 with a bachelor\u2019s in business with a dual concentration in accounting and finance. Graduated with a Masters of Business administration in 2005 from Gonzaga. In 2001. Is a certified public accountant.\nPolitical experience: Elected to the state House in 2016. Unsuccessfully ran against Spokane County Auditor Vicky Dalton in November 2006.\nWork experience: Chief deputy county treasurer, a position he\u2019s held for eight years. Adjunct professor at Whitworth University for five years. Previously worked four years as assistant director of finance at Spokane Transit Authority, seven years as senior finance manager and accountant at Spokane County Treasurer\u2019s Office, one year as a financial analyst for Empire Health services, two years as controller for small music company The Production Group, three years as private security guard for Argos Systems. Three years as military police officer in Army in West Germany in the 1980s and at Fort Bragg in North Carolina. Served in the National Guard after Army.\nFamily: Married to Diane Volz. Has three children.\n|Mike Volz (R)||34,580||53.61 %|\n|Kay Murano (D)||29,924||46.39 %|\nRepublican Mike Volz is holding a solid 6.5 percentage point lead in the race for a Spokane Legislative seat against Democrat Kay Murano.\nControl of the U.S. House of Representatives and the Washington Legislature might not be known for days, or even weeks until all the state\u2019s bh", "ldwell Banker Rising Star\u201d award for the Portland Metro and Southwest Washington areas. Working with clients finding them their perfect home was very rewarding. Real estate provided a \u201cfront row\u201d seat to how people live and the design challenges they faced. It was a natural transition from finding the \u201cright home\u201d to creating the \u201cright home\u201d. Love of homes directed Kym to PCC Interior Design Course and ultimately to Heritage School of Interior Design to complete her interior design training.\nShe devotes her time and talent to her professional design business and offers an array of client services. Kym feels so fortunate that as a designer she can facilitate the design process and turn client\u2019s ideas into visual reality", "What kind of weather was there in the morning and afternoon", "What challenges did Juliet and the narrator face while trying to catch the bus to Ccorao", "ing application was submitted by the Menai-Davis family who, in 2007, opened The Shire London near Barnet in north London, which features the UK\u2019s only Seve Ballesteros golf course. A second golf facility, the West London Golf Centre near Northolt, west London, was then opened in 2012.\nThe planning decision allows for the creation of a magnificent 18-hole golf course with luxury clubhouse, practice facilities, car parking and landscaping on land south east of the A41 / M1 Junction 4.\n\u201cThis is a key moment for golf development in the UK, and we are delighted\u201d said Tony Menai-Davis. \u201cWe are looking forward to bringing Dye Designs\u2019 stunning vision to life at a new facility which will delight all golfers, and which will also bring new visitors to the area from across the UK and Europe.\u201d\nThe Dye London will mimic the successful formula established by The Shire London, offering high quality at an affordable price to a small controlled membership and 7-day access to the general public.\nThe Dye London will be designed by golf architect Perry Dye, the eldest son in a family whose contributions have become an integral part of the history and tradition of golf course design and construction.\nPeter Alliss Shows Sexism In Golf In Far From Over. Read Mor", "tion facilitate ribosomal frameshifting by introducing mutations or changes in the pseudoknot.\nViruses have developed ingenious systems for invading cells and making more copies of themselves. One of the systems that is used in many viruses, including most retroviruses (the most famous of which is responsible for AIDS) involves inducing changes in the way the virus' genetic material is translated to produce the next generation. The virus needs to synthesize two different proteins. Typically, the first protein is involved in building the virus and the second is an enzyme, usually a polymerase, used in replicating the virus' nucleic acid, or genetic building blocks. But the virus needs many copies of the structural protein and a smaller number of the polymerase proteins, so the virus developed a novel system for regulating the production of these two proteins. It involves the use of ribosomal frameshifting.\nThe decision to frameshift or not to frameshift depends on whether the pseudoknot unravels when it collides with the ribosome, Rich said. If it does not unravel, the ribosome can slide back one nucleotide and then make a fusion protein, involving both the structural protein and the polymerase. If the pseudoknot does unravel, then only the structural protein is made, but not the polymerase.\nThis work is also supported by the National Institutes of Health, the National Foundation for Cancer Research, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.\nThe above post is reprinted from materials provided by National Science Foundation. Note: Materials may be edited for content and length.\nCite This Page:", "Coupon definition is - a statement of due interest to be cut from a bearer bond when payable and presented for payment; also : the interest rate of a coupon. Com Coupon, Great Savings. Com Promotion Codes & Deals are listed and the latest one is updated on Novem; 23 coupons and 0 deals which offer up to extra discount, make sure to use one of them when you're shopping for wizard101.\n| ESRB Rating E10 Online interactions not rated by the ESRB. Coupon redemption may take some time depending on the network status. \u00b7 The largest and most comprehensive Wizard101 Wiki for all your Wizard101 needs! Code must be entered at time of online checkout to apply discount. 01 or more of Betty Crocker\u2122 dry baking or Gold Medal\u2122 flour when you spend a total of or more on Betty Crocker\u2122 dry baking or Gold Medal\u2122 flour through 12/25/20. 8 out of 5 stars 5. A code or detachable part of a ticket, card. Someone just saved .\nCoupon not valid if purchased or sold and must be surrendered. 25% Off Video Plans with Animoto Coupon. Acum 2 zile &0183;&32;Click here to download the . Save with RetailMeNot Today!\n0 out of 5 stars 4. I&39;ve finished my Hour of Code. Our precision fit enables a crisp, clean break on the draw and a secure, no rattle carry. Alternatively, browse through an alphabetical list of retailers or search for a retailer by merchandise category. 00 Off \u2013 Maybelline or L\u2019Oreal Cosmetics, CVS Store Coupon from the CVS Coupon Center or CVS App **CVS Deal** Buy 2 \u2013 Maybelline Expert Wear Eyeshadow . Join Moana and Maui in an adventure game while learning all about loops, conditionals and the fundamentals of code.\nYour Revisit Code: ---. The Numbers Don\u2019t Lie! Wizard101 Spellements. Badges are provided in recognition of difficult and arduous tasks that you have completed during your studies.\nSolltest du keine Firewall nutzen, geht das Problem von deiner Hardware, sprich vom PC bzw. Hades drops two sets of gear. Players of all ages set off on fun quests to save Wizard City from evil forces, and collect magic cards to duel their enemies in the game worlds. Wizard101 streams live on Twitch! Saving on the brands you love at BI-LO is easy with Digital Coupons! Earn certifications.\nClick to Get Your Coupon. It's easy to apply a Lulus coupon code to your order after you've shopped the Lulus website and browsed their fashion-forward selections. Chuchi18 Tuesday, 10:00 am. 5A Uniform Commercial Code - Letters of Credit Title 8. Wizard101 Overview. Search in Clear. As such, users of G-Code tactical holsters have confidence in carry and speed in presentations. Digital Coupons.\nLive Server. Check out our 31 online Wizard101 promo codes and deals this December and get amazing 50% Off discounts. Wizard101 Central is a fun community fansite and forum where you can get tips, make new friends, get help, read guides and talk about our favorite game, Wizard101! \" Watch the videos in the How to Coupon section and follow your grocery or drugstore deals list instructions to save big on your own groceries and to help others at no cost. More Wizard101 images. The game allows players to create a student Wizard in an attempt to save Wizard. 7 Commercial Code - Warehouse Receipts, Bills of Lading and Other Documents of Title Title 8. Earn on your next trip of .\nWelcome to MIT App Inventor! Featuring Katy Perry, Shawn Mendes, Panic! You can check them out here. All laundry detergent coupons are between .\nSave money with shipping discounts, promo codes, product coupons, printable coupons & free shipping codes. Com offers a wide selection of Wizard101 coupon codes and deals and there are 31 amazing offers this December. Save money on hundreds of brands in store or online with Coupons. You\u2019ll be able to check that it\u2019s still valid before completing a booking. \u00b7 Coupon: The annual interest rate paid on a bond, expressed as a percentage of the face value. Finding Your NAICS & SIC Codes has never been easier! Check out the Candied Isles Village, Sweet Ride Mount, Marshfellow Pet, and more in this exciting new bundle!\nGo to Zoom. Wizard101 is an MMORPG that combines RPG elements and a collectible card game. We have a great online selection at the lowest prices with Fast & Free shipping on many items! Redeem this code to receive a bundle of exclusive pet themed items PLUS 1-month unlimited game access or 5000 Crowns to purchase other magical items or premium zones. 4 offers from . Use a code to join a team. Ever; In 7 days; In 30 days; In 90 days; Search In Project.\nWizard101 us - Nehmen Sie unserem Favoriten. You can create, collaborate on, and run code for private projects using any open source language as well as MATLAB and Stata. Join the millions of others already exploring this magical wizard world. Wizard101 Grub Guardian is the first FreeKI Games game that ties directly to your Wizard101 live account! Check out the Wayback machine and see our old sites in 1996. How to Use Wizard101.\n- Earn 5% MUGBUCKS cash back on every purchase to be redeemed on your next order. Check Out Coupons. Copied to clipboard. SIGN ME UP! Ce qui reste d\u2019une pi&232;ce d\u2019&233;toffe ou de toile qu\u2019on a d&233;bit&233;e. &0183;&32;Leveraging proprietary Promotions, Media, Audience, and Analytics Cloud platforms, together with an unparalleled network of retail partners, Quotient powers digital marketing programs for over 2,000 CPG brands.\nEnroll in the Ravenwood School of Magical Arts, master powerful spells against tough bosses, collect and befriend hundreds of pets, and explore fantastical worlds across The Spiral! Learn key programming concepts in this language agnostic course without writing any code! As an alternative you can also try our non-DTD-based validator. Einl&246;sen k&246;nnen. Choose the Monthly or Annual billing option 4.\nJoin Now and start making money. Pirate 101 Empire Bundle Prepaid Game Card KingsIsle. Achieve high scores and use your free game codes to give to your online characters! Okay, so I know that some people want cool Wizard101 pets to have. Justin, Bree, and Mia discuss ArcheAge 2, TERA, LOTRO, Wizard101, Corepunk, Raph Koster&39;s new MMO, and Star Citizen, with adventures in WoW Classic, SWTOR, Black Desert, Echo of Soul, SWG Legends, and LOTRO, plus a mailbag discussion on the Final Fantasy XI mobile remake. Das hei&223;t, es blockiert etwas den Port TCP 1200 TCP / UDP. More Wizard101 videos.\nCode with Mu: a simple Python editor for beginner programmers. Just type in the code and make a single purchase of or more. Learn to code at home. Wizard101 est un jeu de sorcellerie multijoueur en ligne (MMO) qui s'adresse &224; tous les &226;ges et est tr&232;s facile d'acc&232;s. Download FREE Kaspersky QR Scanner for Android and iOS (iPhones & iPads). Download this at. To use a coupon simply click the coupon code then enter the code during the store&39;s checkout process.\nEngineers from Google, Microsoft, Facebook, and Twitter helped create this tutorial. Visual Studio Code is free and available on your favorite platform - Linux, macOS, and Windows. Much of the CodeIgniter configuration is done by convention, for instance putting models in a \"models\" folder. Quintiles IMS Survey. Wizard101 is a free-to-play fantasy MMORPG from KingsIsle Entertainment that allows players to take the role of students at a school for wizards. The Coupon Mom&39;s weekly grocery deals lists will alert you when an item is good for charity with the note \"This is a good item to donate to charity. Wizard101 is a free to play MMO Wizard school adventure game with collectible card magic, wizard duels, and far off worlds that's safe for kids and fun for players of all ages! It&39;s interactive, fun, and you can do it with your friends.\nBrowse through the current coupon offers listed above. You can earn up to 100 crowns directly sent to your wizard101 account by answering 10 Trivia on their website. Linux, Mac OS X. Com coupons in one place. One Gel Manicure or Regular Pedicure at Adaure Beauty (Up to 28% Off). Wizard101 ist", "Books ordered may be returned for a full refund if they are not as described. Delivery is guaranteed - or your money back.\nOrder online or by phoneAUS 1800 067 877 NZL 0800 771 773 INT +61 2 4861 7666\nBuy this book now and get a 25% discount, when you place an order by 25 October 2016\n\"Excellent service, communication and delivery\"\n\"Easy to use and always find what I want\"\nLAST ITEM HELD MATCHING THIS TITLE STATED:\nAngus & Robertson, North Ryde NSW 1987. The coast of Australia is littered with the wrecks of ships that sank in the last 360 years. A few of them went", "What should one be cautious about in regard to trends in video marketing as we enter 2017", "What are some examples of government grants mentioned in the text that support individuals or families", "What significant changes and improvements were made to Powhatan Church from 1931 to 1963", "What are some of the areas of expertise and contributions of Sigfus Johnsen in relation to ice core data", "Rainy a.m., fair p.m. Children went to school. Rec'd a letter from Sidney, enclosed .50c coin. Mr. Wilson came but he did not have any flour. Russel girls", "Issue 9 of M.A.S.K. UK fortnightly comic dated 14th-27th of February, 1987.\nSure enough, we cut to Miles Mayhem flying to Archangel Naval Base in pursuit of the precious Cargo. As he comes under fire from the full might of the Russian Navy, the Dinosaur Eggs have already been loaded onto a Freight Train and on the move. His minions Dagger and Rax attack the Train...\nMatt Trakker in Thunderhawk and Miles Mayhem in Switchblade are locked in a deadly dogfight as the conclusion of \"Amazon Mystery\" starts. As Sly Rax is about to fire the Disintegrator at the City of London, Matt Drops a Magnetic Bomb and blows it up saving the day yet again!\nBrad Turner is out for a test drive on Condor but unknown to him, plans are afoot for an \"Attack on Boulder Hill\".\nBuddie has done an overhaul on Condor and as Brad takes her out he feels this is a bit of a mundane task. To liven up his test drive, he uses his Hocus Pocus Mask to project images of a racetrack to allow him to drive against some well known Bikers in a Grand Prix.\nAll of a sudden, an alarm sounds as a Fuel Tanker is on collision course with Brad! As he swerves to avoid it, he drives over a cliff - luckily his Motorcycle can convert into a helicopter! As he comes into land, he is ambushed by Sly Rax and knocked unconscious.\nThe tanker rolls up to Boulder Hill and as Buddie Hawks advises the driver he hasn't ordered a delivery of fuel, the driver turns out to be none other than Cliff Dagger - he subdues Buddie with his Torch Mask and starts pumping 500 gallons of Nitro-Glycerine into Boulder Hill's Tanks.\nAs Mayhem lands in Swtichblade, Matt and his team head out to confront him. Mayhem uses a detonator to blow up the Nitro-Glycerine and Boulder Hill with it - only to find that although stricken, Brad Turner has managed to use his Hocus Pocus Mask to create a Holographi", "What program allows schools to purchase software titles at reduced prices", "re game featuring collectible card magic, pets, and duels. Is there app for coupons? Sign up for a Groupon account and register for their newsletter and you\u2019ll get a 25% off Groupon promo code for your first purchase.\nGoogle; About Google; Privacy; Terms. Here you can download the latest versions of our software products. Weltweit haben sich &252;ber 20 Millionen Spieler von der Magie des familienfreundlichen MMOs in den Bann ziehen lassen.\nSave on one (1) bag of Purina&174; Prime Bones\u2122 Dog Chews, any size, any variety. Code Black is a heart-pounding medical drama that takes place in the busiest, most notorious ER in the nation, where the staggering influx of patients outweigh the limited resources available to the extraordinary doctors and nurses whose job is to treat them all\u2014creating a condition known as Code Black. Coupon \\ku. Visit CouponSherpa. Wo Sie Ihren Code finden und wie der Download funktioniert, erfahren Sie in unserer Schritt-f&252;r-Schritt-Anleitung. Welcome to our Wizard101 coupons page, explore the latest verified wizard101. NYC Energy Conservation Code. Eligible customers must select the Standard Shipping option during checkout in order to receive free shipping.\nGet coupons on national brand name items. Use this coupon to collect 1 extra stamp with Hotels. Org graduates have gotten jobs at tech companies including Google, Apple, Amazon, and Microsoft. Online order coupon codes are solely for mobile app and online orders and therefore are not redeemable at restaurant. Click the \"Coupon Codes\" tab at the top of the webpage, enter a retailer name in the search box at the top of the page and click \"Go. You can take screenshots of this send it to your friends and fool them!\nCommercial Code - Negotiable Instruments Title 8. Current available version is 6. Please do subscribe. About Wizard101. SnipSnap is a free coupon app for the iPhone. Com, we offer handpicked product deals, printable coupons, and promo codes from over 20,000 merchants, including Macy&39;s, Amazon.\nCS is more important than ever. The Top Ten. Coupons don't last long so subscribe to our service to get instant notifications. Apply the discount code on checkout page to get this offer. Visitors don&39;t like lager at Brentwood. Long Live the Spiral is a Wizard101 documentary series that covers how the game was created and evolved over the years, as well as the different aspects of the community, such as PvP and house decorating.\nWizard101 is a free to play MMO Wizard school adventure game with collectible card magic, wizard duels, and far off worlds that&39;s safe for kids and fun for players of all ages! If this is a Windows 10 game or app, launch the Microsoft Store app on your device and then select > My Library > All owned. There's only 6 spells in a storm wizard's deck. R10 Show Coupon Code. Coupon 12,643 Redemptions Up to 20% Off Qualifying Purchases Get Coupon Code Sales & Offers 47,998 Redemptions Staples Coupons and Promo Codes for December Get Deal Sales & Offers 2,370 Redemptions Costco December Ad - Ends 12/24 Expires Get Deal. Offer expires at 11:59 p. &0183;&32;\"Wizard101 is a free online game set in the magical Wizard school, Ravenwood Academy.\nA lot of people think that you can order tasty ribs, medium steaks and gammon here. When you make a purchase of or more (pre-tax) at a Dollar General Location 12/19/20 ONLY. 00 off and . The latest tweets from The largest and most comprehensive Wizard101 Wiki for all your Wizard101 needs! Wenn du Wizard101 dann auf die Whitelist gesetzt hast, sollte sich das Spiel problemlos starten & spielen lassen. Save up to 50% Off London Attractions, Museums, Activities with Mobile-Friendly Discount Coupons, Coupon Codes, Discount Codes, Promo Codes! Com coupons are. Honey is a browser extension that automatically finds and applies coupon codes at checkout with a single click.\nWizard101 Pagoda Gauntlet Online Game Membership Card Fast Card. Local Laws. Wizard101 is a free game, but not completely free.\nBecause of this, Redbubble wants to offer students exclusive Redbubble promo codes as well as discounts. ) Expires. Lulus promo code: Enjoy free shipping on your order. Take Off w/ Coupon Code. &0183;&32;Lore spells in Wizard101 are a game-changer. Grab the big discount before the voucher code or discount code is gone.\nCom Coupon Codes and Special Offers At Coupons. StoreKit testing New tools in Xcode let you create StoreKit files that describe the various subscription and in-app purchase products your app can offer, and create test scenarios to make sure. In this game you create your own Wizard.\nWith Courtney Mathews, Aaron Noble, Robert Laenen, Sheena Monnin. 1968 Building Code. Stock Price: CODE. Save big with a 20% off Coupon Code at Harry and David today! Blair Coupons. High quality Wizard101 gifts and merchandise.\nA wizard101. With it, you can either scan a printed coupon or search for previously scanned coupons by other SnipSnap users. Register your club today to access great benefits, including downloadable resources such as certificates and posters, and competitions you can enter to win goodies for.\n\u30af\u30fc\u30dd\u30f3\uff08coupon\uff09\u3068\u306f\u3001\u672c\u6765\u5229\u672d\u306e\u3053\u3068\u3001\u73fe\u4ee3\u3067\u306f\u3001\u5207\u308a\u96e2\u3057\u304c\u3067\u304d\u308b\u91d1\u5238\u3001\u5272\u5f15\u5238\u306a\u3069\u3092\u6307\u3057\u3066\u7528\u3044\u3089\u308c\u308b\u3002 \u3082\u3068\u3082\u3068\u300c\u5238\u300d\u3092\u6307\u3059\u8a9e\u3067\u306f\u3042\u308b\u304c\u3001\u30af\u30fc\u30dd\u30f3\u5238\u3068\u79f0\u3055\u308c\u308b\u5834\u5408\u3082\u3042\u308b \u3002 \u307e\u305f\u3001\u540c\u69d8\u306a\u610f\u5473\u3067\u30d0\u30a6\u30c1\u30e3\u30fc\u306e\u547c\u79f0\u304c\u7528\u3044\u3089\u308c\u308b\u3053\u3068\u3082\u3042\u308b\u3002. With a wedding registry, you can get additional gifts from select purchases. Coupon & Deal Match Up for 40 stores from Coupon Mom: Walmart,CVS,Walgreens,Target, Rite Aid & more. More Coupon videos. Der Spieler verk&246;rpert einen jungen Zauberlehrling, dessen Aufgabe es ist, Wizard City zu retten, w&228;hrend er faszinierende und fremdartige Kulturen erkundet.\nPlease consult a New York State Licensed Professional to determine which laws apply to your project(s). Today&39;s top deal: 20% Off Online Ship To Home Orders of 0+. Com Coupon Codes. By Doctors. Save with an AutoZone coupon and 6 printable coupons.\nSo make sure to print it on a light background instead. Learn the technical skills you need for the job you want. Code Generator is a security feature for your Facebook app used with two-factor authentication. Ohio Administrative Code. Wizard101 Coupons and Promo Codes for December are updated and verified. Wizard101\u2122 is an elaborate virtual world of magic come to life. Save on everything from food to fuel. Hi, I&39;m Nate (aka Blaze) and I post mostly Wizard101 videos along with some other games I enjoy.\nCurious to see what Planet Oat can do for you? You can only redeem one (1) Epic Coupon per transaction, and Epic Coupons will be automatically applied to your next eligible transaction. Continue to store. 6979D-3L8W5-39PLM-4L82Q - Tiger Pet, 1250 non transfer. Throughout your wizard's journey, you will obtain various Badges. Running a coupon site allows you to use affiliate or aggregator sources and pays a percentage.\nMiraLAX is the 1 Recommended Choice. Launch VS Code Quick Open (Ctrl+P), paste the following command, and press enter. By using her endless supply of coupons and discounts, Missy manages to buy 61 of shopping, and end up only paying .\nBuildings Bulletins. Wizards are considered to be spellcasters who wield powerful spells, but are often physically weak as a trade-off. Wizard101 & Pirate101 blog with guides, posts, and more for bundles, packs, and all the newest content. Exp: 12/19/20.\nIt is also a place to experiment with mathematical functions, geometry, graphing,. Every Zeke quest is presented with maps and descriptions to help players find the quest items. Coupon valid for up to 5 separate uses. Find discounts and deals for lodging, lift tickets, equipment rentals, dining, and much more here! Grocery, health, beauty, household coupons.\nCheck out their videos, sign up to chat, and join their community. Free shipping with coupon code. Hier erf&228;hrst du, was du tun kannst, wenn du deine Apple-ID vergessen hast. Wizard101 Is mainly a game intended for kids, but don't let this discourage you, it's offering interesting strategic depth for players of all ages, for the more casual audience", "How can Brad Pistotnik Law assist someone with cervical spine or neck injuries after an accident", "What thoughts does the speaker have about returning to the hang-out mentioned in the text", "Bruno Mars has announced 40 dates for the second leg of his 'Moonshine Jungle' tour and has enlisted the help of Pharrell Williams and Aloe Blacc.\nBruno Mars has announced the dates for the second leg of his huge 'Moonshine Jungle' world tour. The 27 year-old wrapped up the first leg, starting June 2013 and ending the following November, which visited North America and Europe.\nBruno is also playing at this year's Super Bowl halftime show\nMars announced that music mogul Pharrell Williams will be joining him in select cities and Aloe Blacc will be the show's opening act for most of the dates.\nThe 'Grenade' singer visits Australia, New Zealand and Asia before kicking-off the lengthy North American road trip in his hometown of Honolulu, Hawaii, for two shows that will start on April 18th.\nThe tour will then commence in late May in Fresno, California, and finish on August 17th in Englewood, Colorado.\nThe 'Unorthodox Jukebox' hit maker wil", "What features can golfers expect at The Dye London golf course in Edgware", "What is the reason behind Iran's investment in nuclear power according to the text", "What maintenance and repairs were performed on the Jeep purchased in '05", "What is the purpose of the free template mentioned in the text", "What measures did Franklin Roosevelt take in 1933 that altered U.S. ownership of gold", "and \u201cM\" pi\u00f1atas I made, using a recycled daiper box, tissue, and foil paper. The jar favors were simply little safari animals glue-gunned to the lids and finished with some gold spray paint. All of these, were made with helpful tips and tutorials from Pinterest. The personalized initial name tags and gold party hat were all made using my Cricut Expression. Finished off with a cake, Oreo sprinkle pops, rice krispy squares, and some chocolate-dipped marshmallows, the birthday stage was set!\nWhile he may not remember his first birthday, I wanted Mason to be able to look back on it and see just how much fun we had!", "l PowerPoint template will be a perfect choice for presentations on works of great English writer William Shakespeare. Download the Shakespeare template for free for use in your own presentations. Here you can find another template related to William Shakespeare", "CUC Expands Focus On K-12 Community\nCUC Software has expanded its focus on K-12 education through a new distribution channel, Fas-Track Computer Products of Sunbury, Ohio. Fas-Track sells over 7,000 products via direct-mail catalogs to schools.\nThe CUC family of companies includes Davidson & Associates, Knowledge Adventure and Sierra On-Line. CUC Software consolidates the sales, distribution and overall management of these divisions.\nBesides Fas-Track, CUC markets its products through Educational Resources, the world\u00eds largest reseller of educational soft", "thing you could ask for for your motorcycle. They have tires, bars and grips, seats, tools and maintenance, and so many other categories to chose from. There website is very easy to navigate through. You can even search by brand name, by model, clearance or by popular search. So for all of your motorcycle needs check them out today", "What degree did Mike Volz earn from Eastern Washington University", "came for an hour this eve. Mr. Russel came for them. Mora took a little hulled corn to Bell, eve. I let the ducks out and they went off in the swail a.m.", "What new golf facility was planned near Junction 4 of the A41 / M1 according to the text", "n artist! What a nerd! Oh wait. Anyway, it probably won't become a favorite hang-out of mine, but I told him we gotta go back. They LOVE us there! But this time we're going at night. During bike week. Dressed in khakis. and I hear that if you bring your sidearm, ladies get in free!*\n*=I already used that joke somewhere else. But I don't care because I'm not letting it go to waste.\nI gotta admit, though, they played some AWESOME tunes on that jukebox! So enjoy some Mitch Ryder & The De-troit Wheels now, lest I beat your face in with your own boot.\nvia Dustin's iPhone :D", "What are some potential causes of coughing up brown phlegm", "What advantages and integration benefits did Agfa HealthCare provide in the RIS/PACS and hospital image distribution solution", "Who are the artists joining Bruno Mars on his 'Moonshine Jungle' tour", "em. It works much the way it sounds \u2013 each party is liable for the percentage that he or she is at fault for the accident. This means that a plaintiff\u2019s recovery is reduced by the proportionate amount that he or she was at fault for causing the injury. You can contact a local Salinas injury attorney to learn what the legal requirements of your case are.\nSort\u00d7 2007 West Hedding St.,Suite 100 San Jose CA 95128 37.33197 -121.93505 Poder Legal has a 99% success rate in getting our clients just and fair compensation in Salinas.\nDog Bite Attorney San Antonio Los Angeles \u2013 Downtown\nDustin L. DeVaughn 4.6/5.0 121 peer reviews ATTORNEYS 5920 Newpark Mall Rd Shea & Shea - A Professional Law Corporation Injury Types\nPersonal Injury, Criminal, DUI and Divorce Auto accidents change the lives of millions of people every year. With a majority of the population behind the wheel, being involved in some type of car accident is almost inevitable. All parties involved in an accident, as well as their families, can be deeply...\nWilliam V. Pernik You Hold the Winning Information: Why You Should Always Take Pictures After An Accident\nPersonal Injury Attorney in San Antonio Texas Claims arising from auto accidents are the most prominent of those filed by injured victims. In the summer of 2016, a 20-year-old woman died after a collision with commercial truck on Excelsior Avenue, near Hayward. In another accident in February 2016, a 56-year-old motorcyclist died in an accident with an 18-wheeler on Interstate 880 in Hayward. And a few weeks before that, a 65-year-old, pedestrian died in Hayward from injuries sustained in a hit-and-run accident at the intersection of Hesperian Boulevard and Tahoe Avenue.\nAll Law Guides 4.9/5.0 Monterey, CA Personal Injury Lawyer with 14 years experience Salinas Car Accident Attorneys\nIs your firm willing to review documents prepared by clients? Get to Know Us\nCatastrophic Injuries Fill out the form to receive a free consultation - There is no obligation.\nSalinas Personal Injury Attorney\nCar Accident Lawyers Salinas CA\nSalinas Whiplash Attorney\nPersonal Injury Lawyers in Salinas CA\nCall (831) 424-4660 Today 550 Hartnell Street Email Address Log in or sign up if you haven\u2019t already to complete the process\nView Website 866-770-2361 There are several factors that I feel are important when considered who to hire for a personal injury claim. That is different from the question \u2026 Sausalito\nAccidents in Salinas Are Also Often Caused by Legal Wrongdoing Articles by HG.org\nSalinas Workplace Injury Lawyers Top Salinas Auto Accident Lawyers Near You\nCar Accident Lawyers Serving Salinas, CA (Carmel Valley) 67% At the Law Offices of Jeffrey L. Tade, we understand that our clients come to us immediately after a life-changing event. Accidents will happen, but when victims are injured as the result of another's negligence or from a workplace accident, those victims deserve full compensation for their injuries.\nSalinas Auto Accident Law | Salinas Lawyers Personal InjurySalinas Auto Accident Law | Salinas Attorney Injury PersonalSalinas Auto Accident Law | Salinas Personal Injury Legal | Sitema", "s the advantages?\nWe chose Agfa HealthCare as our partner for RIS/PACS and hospital image distribution, because we found the solution to be both reliable and userfriendly. The main advantage is that Agfa HealthCare provides us with excellent integration among our different departments.\nWhat were the main challenges?\nThe principal challenges included guaranteeing the safe storage of data, and protecting against any possible risk of data theft. Another key concern was to promote acceptance by hospital personnel of this change in their work practices. It was important to involve them in the decision- making process.\nWhat was the first step in implementation?\nThe first step in implementation was to instruct patients on the convenience in using this new service. Specifically, access is much simpler and loss of documents is no longer a risk.\nHow did you inform patients about the imaging portal? How can patients access the portal?\nThere were some articles in the local press, which included some practical examples of cases. Also, at the end of each diagnostic test, patients are made aware of the possibility that they can obtain their test results directly from their personal devices.\nIs mobile access an advantage? Has the portal increased patient engagement?\nMobile access is available to our patients, and it is highly appreciated. Patients express their appreciation of the fact that their data has been made more accessible, which suggests that this change has allowed them to feel more involved in the medical process. For patients who are accustomed to daily use of the internet the portal is more friendly than the classic system comprising paper report and DVDs. For older patients, or those less accustomed to use of the internet, online access is a great effort and they normally prefer the traditional method.\nHave you quantified the return on investment (ROI)? For example, the time and money saved by not burning and posting CDs and DVDs, or any other measures?\nWe have calculated a 10% annual financial savings in terms of spending on the production of CDs and DVDs. Likewise, the number of patients returning to the hospital to pick up their test results has declined, suggesting that they are also saving time and money.\nYou anticipated a significant impact on emergency care. Have these been realised through having immediate access to patient\u2019s previous imaging?\nThe hospital of Perugia has the largest emergency structure in the region and the RIS/PACS/imaging distribution is set up very well: the data of radiological emergency patients are immediately available within the hospital.\nWhat are the next steps and future plans?\nWe would like to do the following:\n\u2022 Render the complete imaging archive accessible to patients; currently only the latest exams are available for consulting;\n\u2022 Extend the service to the other hospitals throughout the region of Umbria. This project has been t he model to integrate data centres from other hospital sites in the region;\n\u2022 Make instant messaging available to remind patients of future appointments.", "What items did the author create for Mason's first birthday party", "What contributions has Sigfus Johnsen made to ice core research", "What kind of refund is offered for books that are not as described", "of water or herbal teas that will help thin mucus and expel it from the body. Taking a hot shower and breathing moist air will assist in faster phlegm evacuation. Exercise caution with any over the counter cough medications that might suppress cough and lead to stagnant brown phlegm and worsening of your symptoms. However, if your brown phlegm is accompanied with fever, feeling run down and not being able to cough it all up, it\u2019s time to call your doctor who will most likely put you through antibiotic treatment for pneumonia.\nAcid reflux might make you regurgitate some of the food tinting your phlegm brown, especially if you\u2019ve been consuming chocolate, red wine, or coffee. If you develop brown phlegm due to acid indigestion, watch out for bowel mucus which could be a warning sign of Irritable Bowl Syndrome.\nJust another cause of the brown tined phlegm could be occupational toxins. If your trade puts you through daily inhalation of toxic fumes or exhausts in case of road construction, factory work or else, it\u2019s very likely that your sputum is going to turn brown in color. Dust, toxins and wastes inhaled throughout the day irritate the lining of your bronchi and produce distinct colored phlegm. There\u2019s not much you can do about this but to find another job thus eliminating daily pollution.\nLung cancer can occassionally give symptoms of brown phlegm streaked with blood accompanied with excessive cough, shortness of breath and weakness. Seeking immediate medical assistance especially in smokers will ensure early intervention that can save lives.http://www.webmd.com/lung-cancer/tc/lung-cancer-symptoms\nShould you ever develop bloody phlegm, seek doctor\u2019s attention immediately", "What type of organizations does the company focus on working with for their video projects", "ried in the new church cemetery.\nOn October 20, 1931, the church purchased from the Johnston County Board of Education, the Powhatan School Property located immediately adjacent to the church for $250. In 1945, the church added five new Sunday school classrooms in the back of the sanctuary and extended the worship services to half-time rather than on a quarterly basis. In 1957, the church began an extensive building program, adding a left wing, which consisted of five new Sunday School rooms and a pastor\u2019s study. In 1959, new pews and floor furnaces were added. In December 1960, the organ and piano were purchased, and in 1961, the new fellowship hall was added which included a kitchen and two bathrooms. In 1963, the church added a baptistery, church sign, and parsonage. Since 1963, many wonderful renovations to the church have taken place enhancing its beauty and functionality.\nPastors who have served at Powhatan are:\nRev H.R. Faircloth (1916-1928); Rev. J.C. Griffin (1928-1929); Rev. H.R. Faircloth (1929-1931); Rev. W.E. Anderson (1931-1933); Rev. H.R Faircloth (1933-1936); Rev. G.C. Joyner (1936-1941); Rev. W.H. Lancaster (1941-1953); Rev. C.M. Coats (1953-1962); Rev. Kemery Ard (1962-1965); Rev. Eddie Edwards (1965-1968); Rev. M.T. Moore (1968-1973); Rev. Kemery Ard (1974-1978); Rev. Billy Nowell (1979-1981); Rev. Ronnie Mohn (1981-1982); Rev. Don Venable (1983-1995); Rev. Jim Bogle (1996-2010); and Rev. Roger Hill (2011-present)", "About that whole Iranian nuclear agreement\nWe think everyone needs to just chill out and give Iran a break.\nAll this wringing of hands about Iran wanting to make a nuclear weapon just doesn\u2019t make sense. They need nuclear energy, not weapons. Let\u2019s face it, based on proven oil reserves, Iran only ranks third in the world in capacity. That\u2019s just about 10 percent of the world\u2019s proven petroleum reserves.\nSome studies suggest that if no more oil is found, Iran\u2019s reserves would be drained in about 100 years. So forward-thinking Iranians are taking action now and investing in nuclear power. Because, you know, they can\u2019t rely on that oil for much longer.\nBut some big countries, the United States included, have the silly idea Iran actually wants to make a nuclear bomb. So they put in various sanctions to put the thumb down on any possibility Iran would make nuclear materials like centrifuges. Because the Big Boys are really, really serious.\nAccording to a Bloomberg article, \u201cWhen asked this week by al-Jazeera about the impact of sanctions, the very smart Iranian foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, said, \u201cWhen sanctions started Iran had less than 200 centrifuges. Today Iran has 19,000 centrifuges so the net product of the sanctions has been about 18,800 centrifuges that has been added to the Iran's stock of centrifuges, so sanctions have utterly failed.\u201d\nHmm. So let\u2019s try another angle. Let\u2019s not forget that Iran, while under control of the Shah, was a big U.S. ally. That kind of hit a roadblock back in 1979, when a couple of bored college stud", "How often is the journal published and what type of content does it include", "d think of, but could not get it to work. I even saw a reference to an old bug that said if you copy your first Phase 2 entry to create your second Phase 2 entry, there were issues. This was supposedly resolved in 2.2.1 as I recall, but tried the workaround of creating manually and still had no love.\nStepped back to IKEv1 Main Mode on both ends and it came up, stayed up, and everything seems to be happy now.\nAt this point I am 99% sure I've encountered a bug of some sort\u2026.......\ncmb last edited by\nSonicwall has the same bug/lacking feature as Cisco ASAs with IKEv2 there.", "What types of stories related to shipwrecks are mentioned as part of Australian history", "Brown Phlegm Causes and Remedies\nPhlegm is excessive mucus excreted from your breathing passages that is not normally clear but is tinted with various causatives as MSN Healthy Living explains. These secretions could be colored in various hues depending on the causes of the condition.\nThe most probable cause for coughing up brown mucus is smoking. Nicotine, tar and resins get into your bronchial and lung passages with every puff you take. Most of these harmful substances settle on the lining of the respiratory system organs causing brown phlegm symptoms. Heavy smokers can be recognized by extreme coughing and brown nails combined with characteristic nicotine odor that is very offensive to people around. Chain smokers eventually develop chronic bronchitis that makes the condition worse and puts individuals at a high risk of being diagnosed with lung emphysema. Emphysema is triggered by the damage nicotine and smoke do to the tiny air sacs in the lungs. Patients with emphysema do not receive enough oxygen through their damaged lungs and need extensive oxygen therapy, continuous inhalers, medications, lung reduction surgery and even lung transplants in the worst situations. http://healthyliving.msn.com/diseases/asthma/when-a-cough-isnt-just-a-cough-1 http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/emphysema.html#cat3\nThe best remedy against brown color of phlegm is quitting smoking. It may take some individuals up to a year to completely eliminate brown phlegm from their systems.\nAnother possible brown phlegm cause is old blood streaks being mixed in with throat mucus that is the result of a viral or bacterial infection you body is fighting. In this case, the best remedy is drinking lots", "On January 3, 1888, the church was founded. Our first church was named New Chapel. The land was purchased from Mr. A.T. Uzzle for the sum of $1.00. It was located near what is now known as the Dock Benson Farm. The worship services were on a quarter-time basis\u2014Saturdays and Sundays. The total membership was 22. The early pastors of the church were J.C. Ellis, Rev. Stafford, J.R. Wallace, and H.R. Faircloth.\nOn December 4, 1914, new land, located along Powhatan Road in Clayton, was given to the church by Mr. M.H. Jones and Mrs. Ella J. Jones. The church was moved to this location, currently 3468 Powhatan Road, Clayton, North Carolina. In 1922, the Congregation of New Chapel began building a new sanctuary on the same location. The new sanctuary was completed in 1923, and upon completion and dedication, the New Chapel fellowship changed the name of the church to Powhatan in honor of an Indian Chief who had lived and camped in the community.\nOn November 15, 1923, additional land behind the church was purchased from Mrs. Ella Jones, Mr. James A. Jones, and Mrs. Hildred Jones to serve as the church cemetery. Shortly thereafter, Mr. W. H. Barnes, a deacon of the church, near the end of the work on the new sanctuary, went to purchase the finishing lumber for the bell tower and was killed when the pickup truck he was driving was struck by a train at the crossing located just south of the property. Brother Barnes was the first person to be bu", "A wonderful free template for fans of William Shakespeare\u2019s work. This template with a picture of Shakespeare and an ink pen on the background will be a great help in creating a presentation about the biography and works of the best British writer.\nThis beautifu", "What is the title of the publication that discusses response and rebuttal regarding workplace encounters with weapons by hospital employees", "s from a direct involvement in deep drilling activities to the more theoretical aspects of the interpretation of ice core data. He is certainly one of the best specialists of water isotopes in ice cores with numerous contributions dealing with isotope atmospheric modeling and climate reconstruction from isotope series, with isotope diffusion in ice and with the combined use of deuterium and oxygen 18 measurements through the deuterium-excess parameters. He is also deeply involved in ice-sheet modeling with specific developments in areas such as ice core dating and temperature reconstruction based on paleothermometry. Sigfus Johnsen is very open to other communities, and he has had very fruitful interactions with paleoceanographers, continentalists and climate modelers", "What can you do with the PowerPoint template related to William Shakespeare", "What are some benefits of allowing patients remote access to their diagnostic data according to Dr. Roberto Tarducci", "What did James Paul Warburg state about the establishment of a world government during his appearance before the U.S. Senate in 1950", "Bought used, private party in '05 w/53k miles. Have replaced water pump and front brakes and rotors. Using ceramic rotors is a big help and so is upgrading the rotors with all of the reported problems. This solves them all. Am about to replace front tweeters. OEMs had problems. Also have a '90 YJ w/263k mi. Jeeps are tough, but they're not perfect. Haven't had a vehicle that was, but Jeeps are among the best out th", "What resolution was attempted for the issues encountered with IKEv2 Phase 2 entries before reverting to IKEv1 Main Mode", "ents took over our embassy there and kept Americans as guests for more than a year. But things have been much better ever since - really.\nRecently the Big Boy countries and Iran signed a new nuclear deal. In a nutshell, the Big Boys will ease sanctions on Iran, and Iran in turn promises to be good and not do anything at all to increase its nuclear materials capabilities. Of course, the issues of warhead and missile development kind of got overlooked. And in six months we\u2019re going to meet again and come up with an even better plan. And they signed a piece of paper too. Just like Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain did back in 1938 with Adolf Hitler and we got that whole \u201cpeace in our time\u201d agreement.\nThat Chamberlain comment was brought back up on Wednesday while Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., was in town and stopped by the newspaper.\nHe, and we, think the agreement is a little backwards. Shouldn\u2019t the Iranians submit to complete and open inspections on their nuclear plans before we start easing back?\nIsakson said he follows former President Ronald Reagan\u2019s philosophy - \u201ctrust but verify. The Iranians have not let us verify anything yet, he said.\nWe agree. Iran has no need for nuclear power. They are a rogue nation up there with North Korea. Trying to work out paper agreements is useless. It\u2019s like the fox and the chicken writing out a plan for what they\u2019ll have for dinner that night.\nWe can sign all the papers we want. But until Iran allows complete and unfettered eyes on the ground at their \u201cnuclear plants,\u201d we should be prepared for the worst.", "ity\n\u2013 Business Models for BOP\n\u2013 Building Partnership Frameworks\n\u2013 Human Centered Design Thinking\n\u2013 Impact Measurement\n\u2013 SROI (Social Return on Investment)\n\u2013 Understanding Donor Funding Requirements\n(b) Incubators & Accelerators\nCapacity building of incubators and accelerators is an important agenda for Impact Network. We hold trainings on best incubation practices in all major cities of Pakistan. These workshops are designed to not only enhance the skills of the incubator staff but also to increase engagement and collaboration amongst the incubators and accelerators.\nTo foster collaboration between organizations working in the same sector, Impact Network organizes Sector Meetups in each of its five priority areas, that are, Education, Health, Agriculture, Water and Energy. These Sector Meetups provide an opportunity for the entrepreneurs, donors, government departments working in the same sector to come together, map their mutual objectives and explore areas of collaboration to scale their impact.\nImpact Network Scale Up Program is a post-acceleration training program for mid-stage startups to ensure that high potential social enterprises reach scale and succeed in creating tangible social impact. We attempt to do that by the sharing of our intellectual, monetary, and other resources. We work very closely with the people involved in this program, and help them with Needs Assessment, Organizational Capacity Assessment, Strategy Building, Partnership Development Framework, Development of Financial Plan, and lastly, final Scale Up Plan and monthly milestone setting.\nImpact Network holds an annual Impact Investment Summit to showcase high potential social innovations to a panel of national and international impact investors in order to raise funding for the social innovations", "What is the size of the room and how many other people are sharing the house", "What tournaments are being discussed in relation to Martin Kaymer's victory and Mike's thoughts", "What should the button say instead of JOIN EVENT to prevent confusion for newcomers in a Zwift EVENT MODULE event", "What is a golden handshake", "When one has signed up for a Zwift EVENT MODULE event from the mobile app, it can be that a cool 30 min automatic countdown appears to warn of your event. This is great. However, instead of the button saying JOIN EVENT, it should say JOIN EVENT NOW or better GO TO EVENT PIER as newbies think that they need to hit the JOIN EVENT to confirn attendance, but that instead can take them to the", "What suggestion was made to improve the clarity of the button name for participating in an event", "This morning Juliet and I woke up early as it was our first proper day volunteering and we knew we\u2019d have to master the bus on our own today. At 7.45am we were at the bus stop opposite our house, waiting for our bus. It arrived quite quickly however when we asked if it was going to Ccorao, the village where our kindergarten is, the answer was a firm no and the door was slammed shut. The bus system in Peru is absolutely crazy. The busses are more like mini busses and when they pull up at the bus station, 6 or 7 all pull up at the same time. Each mini bus has a name not a number like in England, and each bus also has a conductor, someone who opens the door as the bus is pulling up, shouting all the names of the different places that the bus is heading to. To even get the bus to stop you have to wave it down like a maniac and then when it pulls up, it only stops if someone is right there waiting to get on. So the minute the 6, 7 or even 8 busses are getting close to a bus stop, the people waiting start waving like mad then running as fast as they can to where they think their bus is going to go, while all the bus conductors are screaming their stops and the bus drivers are beeping madly\u2026 and the other cars on the street start beeping as well, as they\u2019ve just been cut off by about 7 busses. It\u2019s all very hectic and confusing and half an hour later, Juliet and I were still standing at the bus stop as we\u2019d missed a few of our busses and when we had managed to get any to stop, we\u2019d been told no when asking about Ccorao (not all of or busses go all the way there).\nWe gave up then and decided to try a different bus stop, after walking for about 5 minutes in the opposite direction to our previous bus stop, a huge bus (that wasn\u2019t our one) pulled up and we tried our luck asking about Ccorao and it was heading there! So after all that stress we jumped on the bus and got to out volunteering early!\nWhen the ni\u00f1os (children) started arriving at the Kindergarten, we were greeting with huge hugs and shouts of \u201camigas\u201d \u201camigas\u201d. Even though they do actually know their names, this is a sign that they all like us and have accepted us as their friends and into their culture! We played with all the children on their small playground (consisting of a slide and monkey bars) and were actually shocked at how monkey like they all are! They climb all the way up the slide without using the stairs and then slide down backwards or upside down or whichever way is not normal! And the same with the monkey bars, they can all do them so easily and climb on top and jump down from the huge height! The school day started with all the children standing in a huge circle and singing some songs, with actions, to begin the day. They sang a welcome song and then a song about getting ready in the morning, before all becoming very patriotic and so loud and screaming the Peruvian nati", "What new distribution channel has CUC Software partnered with to expand its focus on K-12 education", "The 2003 Hans Oeschger Medal is awarded to Sigfus Johnsen for his outstanding contributions to ice core research through the modeling of water isotopes and their use for paleoclimate reconstruction.\nSigfus Johnsen has been a key player in ice core research since more than 30 years. A physicist born in Iceland he has joined the Niels Bohr Institute of Copenhagen in the late sixties and then shared his research activities between Rejkavik University and the Copenhagen team led by Willi Dansgaard and now by Dorthe Dahl-Jensen. He has been involved in numerous deep drilling programmes in Greenland (Camp Century, Dye 3, Renland, GRIP and North GRIP) and Antarctica (Byrd and now EPICA). His personal contribution to these programmes encompasses a very large spectrum of topic", "Weekly Golf Podcast: Wednesday 14 May\nKeegan Bradley has a tremendous record at the HP Byron Nelson Championship, however, despite opening with a 60 in last year's renewal, Bradley was overhauled by Sang Moon Bae.\nDave Kelner and Mike Grenham are with you on this edition of the golf podcast"]}