{"q_indices": [71, 110, 70, 116, 43, 18, 90, 48, 53, 118, 60, 45, 81, 23, 85, 120, 9, 95, 112, 47, 98, 49, 50, 32, 26, 17, 83, 33, 24, 65, 99, 113, 107, 27, 5, 54, 87, 4, 104, 42, 28, 22, 59, 61, 51, 119, 124, 56, 94, 39, 13, 114, 41, 96, 67, 57, 117, 25, 82, 77, 92, 108, 8, 36], "a_indices": [103, 35, 97, 1, 93, 44, 84, 88, 58, 20, 46, 63, 66, 62, 76, 40, 73, 31, 122, 102, 21, 11, 105, 91, 3, 127, 75, 106, 37, 111, 52, 19, 14, 16, 55, 121, 86, 30, 101, 69, 100, 109, 34, 10, 80, 74, 2, 78, 38, 15, 72, 79, 123, 126, 29, 12, 7, 125, 0, 115, 89, 64, 6, 68], "texts": ["Indiana welcomes Duke to Simon Skjodt Assembly Hall Wednesday night for the Big Ten/ACC Challenge. \u201cOur Indiana\u201d hosts Mackenzie Salmon and Zain Pyarali sit down with WIUX Radio Basketball broadcasters Austin Render and Ben Ladner to preview the big game on this edition of Cream V Crimson.\nIndiana Basketball vs Duke Preview\nI am a junior from Edwardsville, Illinois majoring in Sports Media. I formerly w", "d advanced electronics make this the most popular category of power wheelchairs. Comfortable padded swivel Van seats are the norm for these chairs. Some are pretty fast, up to 6 mph. With today's battery technology some chair-battery combinations can even run up to 20 miles on a charge.\nFaster, more powerful chairs with high torque motors and state-of-the-art electronics. Speeds up to 6 mph are not uncommon on these chairs and they also provide the power required to handle tough obstacles. The tightest possible turning radius comes from a True Center-Wheel Drive chassis. Excellent maneuverability and an intuitive driving experience.\nThe Jazzy Air is a new era in power mobility. It's social mobility. Whether at home, or on the town, the unique appeal of Jazzy Air will elevate your independence and social confidence in style.\nWE MATCH ALL INTERNET PRICES!!", "Schedule your appointment today.\nIt's super easy and fast.\nFriendly, highly-skilled, experienced staff in this trendy SoWa boutique salon.\nWe love creating natural, lasting polished styles for you on your special day.\nVisit this page to see our awesome", "Bloomberg's David Pauly becomes the latest commentator to bemoan the death of newspapers. He invokes three common arguments, none of which persuades us that society is on the verge of being screwed.\n(Please note that we draw a sharp distinction between \"newspapers,\" which are dying, and \"journalism,\" which isn't.)\nMy wife Jeannie and I buy three newspapers Monday through Friday and two on Saturday and Sunday. What would we do during and after breakfast without them? Don\u2019t tell me that we\u2019ll have our computers propped open on the kitchen table to read news on Web sites.\nYes, you will. And what's wrong with that? We're doing it in our house now, and it's not much different. It's much cleaner, more efficient, and less wasteful. The table is less of a mess. Also, we can each read bits of 5-10 papers now, not just one.\nI clicked on the Slate online site last Friday and called up its stock market report. The story was compiled by quoting five newspapers -- the Wall Street Journal, the Financial Times, the New York Times, the Los Angeles Times and the Atlanta Journal-Constitution -- plus Business Week magazine and Reuters electronic news service. Clicking on a headline about the Federal Re", "What is recommended for mess-free packing of dried leaf into the Kadabra Heat Not Burn System", "What types of plans does Conversio offer and what features differentiate them", "Wedding rings are the custom in many parts of the world. Exchanging rings\nis an integral part of many wedding ceremonies: You say \u201cI do\u201d, and you put on\na ring for life. There, now everyone knows you\u2019re married. Ring= Married\nand No Ring = Single, right? Wrong! Some happily married couples don\u2019t wear\na ring at all for various reasons. It begs the question, \u201cAre wedding rings\nreally necessary?\u201d Let\u2019s look at it from both sides.\nHere are a few reasons to wear a wedding ring:\nOff the Market\nHow else will you blatantly tell the Lagos playboys and slay mamas that you\nare taken? Sometimes, the ring by itself acts as a deterrent to advances.\nIf someone still makes a move, you can flash your ring, partially blind\nthem with the bling and shout \u201cI\u2019m married!\u201d for good measure.\nPut Your Spouse at Ease\nWearing your wedding ring all the time can let your significant other know\nthat you are not trying to attract inappropriate attention, especially if\nthey feel a bit uneasy. After all, a wedding ring is a symbol of love and\nSad but true: sometimes, you may be more likely to earn respect or have\nsome doors open for you in business or other spheres when you are married.\nSome landlords even look to accommodate", "Our Rooms are Internationally Designed with Art Deco Comfort. We care for you and your good sleep. You good night sleep with 100% comfort is our reward. Our Rooms are spacious, neat and clean & designed according traveler\u2019s choice. We take care of 100% hygiene method for every room. We make sure that once you enter in our rooms you could feel like a Home Away from Home.\nA luxury Airport Mansion, Nedumbassery encircled by melange of rustic and new-fangled features to make excellent place for your comfort and happiness, which attracts to the new generation of travellers and create memorable hospitality experience.\nOur hotel well-trained staff and team is very friendly and courteous, and you can also enjoy the international and Indian cuisine. A curious existence in the hospitality domain from a number of years and giving the beautiful stay in the city.\nAirport Mansion caters awesome rooms and suites in Nedumbassery, all rooms are delightfully designed, tasteful interiors and decorated to offer an amusing stay for the guests. The charming feeling, the wonderful choice", "What are some reasons provided for why couples might choose to wear wedding rings", "What new features were introduced in the LumenRT 2015.5 update", "amentarians in the region and, on average, less than 20 per cent of the members of national coordination mechanisms on disability are persons with disabilities.\nExcellencies, distinguished delegates, ladies and gentlemen,\nMoving forward, we should harness the synergies between the Sustainable Development Goals and the Incheon Strategy Goals to fulfill our dual commitments to leave no one behind and to make the right real.\nA human rights-based approach is critical to achieving inclusive societies. While most ESCAP members and associate members with treaty-making capacity have ratified or acceded to the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, governments must now harmonize their national legislation to the Convention and ensure effective implementation.\nWe need to strengthen existing partnerships and forge new ones, including with the private sector and organizations of persons with disabilities. Inclusive public procurement policies incorporating universal design and providing incentives for the private sector to mainstream disability inclusion throughout the business cycle will not only benefit persons with disabilities but also businesses as they gain new clients, suppliers and innovative employees.\nMoving forward, policies should be based on a gender-responsive approach that addresses the full life cycle, considering the specific needs of children, women and older persons with disabilities. To guide the design of these policies, we must increase the collection and analysis of data disaggregated by sex, age and disability.\nMost importantly, our policies should be developed and implemented with the full and meaningful participation of persons with disabilities. In fact, this principle should underpin all of our work in disability inclusive development. Let us give new life and meaning to the phrase \u201cnothing about us without us.\u201d\nDistinguished participants, ladies and gentlemen,\nIn the achievements of the past three decades of persons with disabilities, we have a strong foundation to build on to continue advancing disability inclusion in Asia and the Pacific.\nThis week, we come together to review the progress we have made, learn good practices from one another and gain consensus on new strategic directions. We will consider how to adjust to emerging issues such as population ageing, digital transformation and climate change.\nAnd in all discussions, we will hear the lived experiences of persons with diverse disabilities.\nWe hope that at the end of this meeting, member States will adopt an outcome document that reflects a renewed commitment to disability-inclusive development and charts the way forward for the new decade in the Asia-Pacific region.\nI look forward to a vibrant, inspiring and inclusive meeting.\nTerima Kasih. Thank you very much. Wasalammualaikum warahmatullahi wabarakatuh", "10-29-2013 03:47 AM\nHey, I too have been having trouble with recovering my c710. I have tried 6 different brands and models of usb's of various sizes. I have been to every google site, hacker site, tried the reovery tool over and over again, with no success. I spoke with a chrome ninja who indicated that the c7s have issues with the hard drive crashing when you remove the battery. She decided that the problem was either my hard drive or the usb. I spent an hour on the phone with acer customer support who led me through the same exact steps as the web site. He told me my only option was to send my chromebook back to the company for repairs. I am reluctant to this, as I have opened the back panel to upgrade the ram. Frustrated, I finally frankensteined together a usb enclosure and pluged it into my computer. The ssd was in working order. I tried reformating it back to default settings, tried writing the os image directly to the drive. Basically, everything I could think of. I am at a loss. Has anyone been able to resolve this issue? The last thing I can think of is to run the recovery tool on my windows 8 machine, before I was using vista. Sorry for the novel but I am quite frustrated.\n11-17-2013 05:38 PM\nI have a similar problem in that I modified the hardware. I put in 16 Gb ram and a new 120 Gb Samsung 840 Pro SSD. I was running Ubuntu 13.10 and other than a few issues with Ubuntu it worked great. But I wanted to use it in 64 bit mode so I thought I could fix that. along the way the Acer got bricked and now it is stuck at the recovery option. I stipped the head in the case screw so I cannot restore the original hardware just yet.\nI am tring everything I can think of to get it to boot a recovery image but unless I can modify the script to reinstall it the non-standard hardware makes it difficult if not impossible.\nI am still working on it.\nBy the way if any ACER product guys are listening, this very nice little C7 would be great with 16Gb ram and a nice SSD and running Ubuntu 12.04 with Xfce in 64 bit mode.\n11-17-2013 07:56 PM\nI have the original hardware. My problem started after I installed chrubuntu too. I get the OS missing or Damaged screen, but I no longer get the OS verification on or off and I can't get the black non- gui screen.", "schedule your charter or to request a quote from our friendly staff. Our third-generation family company is here to serve you. We invite you to use the form on this page to share any questions or concerns you might have, or to submit a request. A representative will get back to you promptly", "What are some tips for making healthier food choices at weddings", "I\u2019ve been noticing my wardrobe shifting to neutral shades of black, gray and beige over the years. While these non-colours are good to have in our collection, we should be careful not to let our wardrobes go bland and dull. Apparently, older women have a lot of neutrals and that can get boring and predictable.\nTime to turn on the brights: wild and flashy! I\u2019ve started buying more colourful clothes again and even colours I\u2019ve never worn before. I wear fuchsia, purple, turquoise, bright yellow, orange or a mixture of vivid colours. I bought these leggings recently for $5. and this photo was taken today by one of my dance students. My turquoise Covered Perfectly top is a great match.\nI still tend to wear a lot of neutrals, even though I love colours. Pops of colour is a great way to brighten things up.\nThere are several easy, fun ways to add colour: bold and bright ne", "hese are somewhat different than traditional bail bonds and demand a 15% premium. The higher premium is due to the greater risk involved. Because of the nature of the bond, all immigration bonds require some type of collateral. This can be any number of things: credit card, cash, homes, vehicles or other forms of real property. We will gladly help you post the immigration bond you need. Call us today and talk to one of our professional Brennan Bail Bonds agents who specializes in immigration bonds. Contact our office at 888-354-9011.\nFederal Bonds - We can also write federal bail bonds. A federal bond is extremely rare, but there are instances where they are needed. Like immigration bonds, federal bonds are a much higher risk and must charge a 15% premium before they can be posted.\nWarrant Information - Our agents can help you determine whether or not you have an outstanding warrant. If you want us to check, you will need to provide us with the necessary information. We will need to know what type of charge may have been filed, approximately when the warrant was issued and lastly, what county was the warrant filed in. We can find the information by either calling the Sheriff's Department in the county where the warrant would have been filed or we can simply look online. There are counties who do not post information online. If that is the case, one of our agents would have to go that county's jail or call them and talk to a deputy.\nIf we do find a warrant, we will also be told if there is a bond attached to it. Once you know the bond amount, you will need to get with one of our agents and fill out all of the necessary paperwork. When the paperwork is complete and you have discussed the situation with your bail bond agent, we will make arrangements to take you to the jail so you can turn yourself in. Many Florida counties allow an agent to post bail as soon as the defendant is taken into custody. This is the quickest way to take care of a warrant.\nBail Bond Rates\nFlorida mandates a statewide, flat bail bonds premium of 10% of the total bond. Other states may offer a negotiable premium rate, but Florida does not. Their premiums are non-negotiable and non-refundable. If a bail bonds agent in Florida, offers a discounted rate, they are, more than likely, working outside of the law. By using them, both you and the defendant may end up in more trouble than you are already in. It's better to be safe than sorry. Paying the full 10% means you will be working with a licensed and bonded agent who works within the law and can protect your rights. If you have a large bond amount, we have payment plans available if you qualify.\nBail Bond Collateral\nCollateral is any property that has tangible value and can be used to guarantee a bail bond. Automobiles, signatures, stocks, jewelry, credit cards and cash are all viable forms of collateral. When cash is used to secure a bond, it is managed by a surety company or the bonding agency. It is held in a trust account solely used for that purpose. Credit cards can be used but a special fee may be applied to any collateral that mat be returned.\nPromissory notes and indemnity contracts are the two most popular form of collateral used in bail bonds. If, for some reason, the bond is forfeited, the signer of either type of contract would be held financially obligated to pay the full amount of the bail bond. Promissory notes and indemnity contracts are the easiest forms of collateral to use. Most often, they are used on small bonds.\nWhen property is used to guarantee a bail bond, it acts much like a mortgage on a home. Of a home is used as collateral, it must be owned free and clear with no loans against it. To use a home as collateral, we will have to know all of the names listed on the deed. We will request a title search and verify the equity in the home. Normally, the court requires the property be valued at 150 times the value of the total bond. After the case is closed and the defendant has fulfilled his obligations to the court, the court will record a satisfaction and release the deed of thee property back to the owner", "cklaces, outstanding arm candy, colourful scarves, purses, belts, tights and shoes.\nAs a teenager, I wore (and sewed) many of my own outfits: bell-bottoms and mini skirts with bright flowers, inspired by Cher. Those were the days of flower power, psychedelic paisley and groovy prints. I was a fashionable hippie, no tattered, frayed jeans for me; I wore farout, crazy clothes! LOVED IT!!\nThen I got into a period of solid colours, lots of neutrals, hardly any prints or patterns in my wardrobe. Now I\u2019m old enough to go to crazy again and I\u2019m buying funky designs, wild animal prints and bright colours. LOVIN\u2019 IT!!!\nDespite winter, I will not be stuck in a rut with only black coats and brown trousers, gray skirts and beige cardigans. God made the rainbow for us to enjoy the spectrum of glorious colours!!\nWhat colours are you wearing this winter?\nTurn on the B R I G H T S", "What are the author's views on the future of news coverage and local journalism", "What are the dimensions and weight of the ALEKO 1:10 Scale Off-Road Electric RC Monster Truck", "oad between actor and manager\nmadness interactive gameshacked forfreescuba compressor sale\n90s cartoons download forfree\nwatch hot hotvideo sexy between misses and pupils and girls and mister forfreelooking for an aluminum xj radiator in san diego\nowl stuffed animal padern forfree\njob vacancy forfresh graduate in nhiffree how to write algebra equations elementary Howdy Y'all! Welcome to my little place on the web.\nThe Latest on bigleagueschemes.info!\nThe biggest news around here is Big League Dreams! You can read my position paper at BLD.\nI recently tested for and received my Black Belt! Photos and a short video can be found here.\nYou'll find some of my interests, photos, and whatever other stuff I want to let the world know about here.\nmixed dog or puppys forfree in tenn\nhow to draw anime forfree\njob vacancies forfresh graduates in un ngos in nigeriaghana\nlooking for sample reading test for grade 5 forfree\ndownload gta vice city forfreecomputer themAlso, there are some GUYDON links and files for those of you looking for more information of my company.\nMy Shopping Bag:\ncreate & buy custom products at Zazzle\ncaculation forfree testosterone\nmaking illusion circle toy forfree\nfeasibility study forfreighter\nanime themes for my blackberry forfree\nNow being served on Linux servers at cirtex hosting\nLast modified Sunday, August 12, 2007 08:16:17 PM", "What is it you want to get out of this specific essay? What do you want THE ADCOM to get out of it? What are the top 3 or 4 things that you have accomplished that say \u201cthese make me diverse and unique, and relate directly to both my short- and long-term goals\u201d?\nWrite out your list. Then decide WHICH of those 3 or 4 experiences applies to getting into b-school (meaning, which is going to be the most impressive, which is going to make the most sense for that specific school, and which is going to tie most closely to your goals). That will funnel things down. From there, you\u2019ll choose the best experience and dig into THAT one in your essay.\nThe key here is this: focus on the few things that really make you stand out and not the laundry list. It\u2019s quality over quantity, friends. Having 15 different (yet shallow) international experiences in your application is going to do nothing for you. But having one really great one that lends itself to your long-term goals and also gives the adcom what they want\u2026 that\u2019s the golden ticket.\nSo sit down and give it some thought, narrow it down, and there\u2019s your answer.\n\u2013 Jon Fran", "05-31-2013 01:49 PM\nI have a C710. It will not start. Get message about Chrome OS missing or damaged. I downloaded the recovery fix from the suggested url two times, each to a 8 GB usg flashdrive on a windows pc. I then went into the usb drive and executed the program. I did not see any messages on the screen as the recovery fix was executed.\nThe last time I let the fix run over night. I took the USB out of the windows pc. I started up the C710. When the C710 came to the screen telling to insert the usb ( and enter? ), I get a message that the Chrome OS not found, or something similar.\nHow do I get an image of the Chrome OS and how do I load it on the C710?\n06-01-2013 09:34 AM\nDownload the recovery fix in the windows PC, save the file in the desktop. The file name is chromeosimagecreatorV2, its an .exe file. Connect the USB drive to the windows PC then select chromeosimagecreatorV2 file > right click > select run as administartor option.\nEnter the model of chrome OS device which can be loacted at the bottom of the screen which prompt you to connect a recovery device.\nEnter the model of chrome OS and click on next.( Make sure that your windows PC is connected to internet while you do so).\nAfter the recovery media is done. You can remove the USB drive from windows PC by Safe removal method.\nThe connect that to the chrome book and follow the instructions.\nCan follow the steps from the below link.\n09-02-2013 03:06 AM\nI'm having the same problem as the original poster and tried your solution but it's not working for me. The Acer C710-2847 shows up as model Parrot Stilt A-C 6844 in the error message stating \"Chrome OS is missing or damaged\". But when I put in the USB drive with the files installed from the recovery fix, it just gives an error message and points me to the Google Chrome OS recovery page.\nI'm beginning to think it's not Parrot Stilt A-C 6844 but something else. Just no idea what the something else is. And yes, I've tried a number of USB drives and have the same problem every time.\n10-27-2013 07:00 PM - edited 10-27-2013 07:01 PM\nSame here! I have model Parrot Stilt B-D 4648 I have been trying to recover for 2 days now and no luck, trying SD and USB drives and left it on overnight when it mentions it will only take a few minutes.", "What was the final score trend of UMD's performance in the game during regular time and overtime", "What type of hair removal service does Stone Dermatology offer that is virtually pain free", "What was the primary reason John Tertin believes ThinManager will become the new standard at ESE Inc.", "What accommodations and services does the Airport Mansion in Nedumbassery offer to its guests", "What do the authors of the text believe about the relationship between newspapers and journalism", "What type of clothing did the author wear during their teenage years", "What was the final score of the game between Minnesota Duluth and Minnesota, and which player scored for UMD to equalize", "Earning a reputation for quality vehicles and service since 1959, Denny Bus Lines has the right transportation solutions to meet your every need. We provide safe, comfortable transport to anywhere in Canada and the U.S for groups of any size, as well as professional drivers. Call us today to", "ge.\n*LoadX Grinder recommended for mess free packing.\nSimply unscrew top of chamber, pack* with dry leaf load into your Kadabra Heat Not Burn System.\n1x Chamber for tobacco leaf.", "their design ideas and vision in much more compelling and engaging fashion - to tell a story by allowing the audience to \"experience\" the design rather than just seeing it.\nTo learn more about LumenRT, please visit www.lumenrt.com.\nAbout e-on software\nE-on software is the leading developer of solutions for the creation, animation, rendering and integration of natural 3D environments (VUE, Ozone, Plant Factory and Carbon Scatter), as well as real-time immersive visualization tools for Architecture and GeoDesign (LumenRT). Offering a wide array of Digital Nature products and applications, e-on software provides solutions adapted to every project and budget. E-on software products are used worldwide by the film, television, architecture, game, science, educational and entertainment industries.\nE-on software products were used in feature films such as \"Jupiter Ascending\", \"Minions\", \"Guardians of the Galaxy\", \"The Croods\", \"Dragons 1&2\", \"Hunger Games\", \"Hugo\", \"Tintin\", \"Super 8\", \"Thor\", \"Avatar\", \"Clash of the Titans\", \"Sucker Punch\", \"Despicable Me 1&2\", \"The Wolf Man\", \"2012\", \"Lovely Bones\", \"GI Joe \u2013 The Rise of the Cobra\", \"Land of the Lost\", \"Terminator 4, \"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button\", \"Indiana Jones 4\", \"Monster Vs Aliens\", \"Australia\", \"The Spiderwick Chronicles\", \"KungFu Panda\", \"Pirates of the Caribbean 2\" and TV series such as \"Spartacus\", \"Smallville\", \"Battlestar Gallactica\", \"Caprica\", \"Stargate Atlantis\", \"Stargate Continuum\", \"The Vampire Diaries\" and more. Read more on these stories in e-on software's Spotlights section: www.e-onsoftware.com/spotlight.\nE-on software was founded on the premise that powerful graphics tools should never get in the way of the designer's creativity. By investing significant resources into research and development, e-on software is able to deliver cutting-edge, user friendly technologies that produce stunning Digital Nature scenery.\nE-on software is based in Beaverton, Oregon with an European office in Paris, France.\nVisit their website at\n+33 1 83 64 46 95 (Europe", "What requirements does USACE have when actions may impact federally recognized tribes", "What projects is Anushka Sharma involved with apart from the movie Pari", "Yang kami hormati,\nBapak Muhadjir Effendy, Coordinating Minister for Human Development and Cultural Affairs of Indonesia,\nYang kami hormati Ibu Tri Rismaharini, Minister of Social Affairs of Indonesia,\nMinisters, Excellency Ministers, Vice Ministers, Deputy Ministers, Ambassadors,\nIbu Maulani Agustiah Rotinsulu, Representative of Organizations of Persons with Disabilities Asia-Pacific,\nDistinguished delegates, ladies and gentlemen,\nAssalamualaikum Warahmatullahi Wabarakatuh, very good morning, Selamat pagi\nIt is with great pleasure that I welcome you to the High-level Intergovernmental Meeting on the Final Review of the Asian and Pacific Decade of Persons with Disabilities, 2013-2022.\nI would like to express my deep appreciation to the Government of Indonesia, in particular to Ibu Risma, for the foresight and leadership in hosting this very important event.\nI would like to thank the members and associate members of the Commission, the United Nations entities, organizations of persons with disabilities, and other stakeholders for joining this meeting.\nIn the spirit of \u201cnothing about us without us,\u201d I would especially like to thank all the participants who identify as a person with disabilities for joining us.\nOver the past 30 years, the Asia-Pacific region has been a leader in disability inclusion, in part through the three Decades of Persons with Disabilities proclaimed by ESCAP member States.\nIn the current decade, the region promoted progress by creating the world\u2019s first set of regionally agreed disability-specific goals in the Incheon Strategy to \u201cMake the Right Real\u201d for Persons with Disabilities in Asia and the Pacific.\nBuilding on these commitments, the Beijing Declaration, including the Action Plan to Accelerate the Implementation of the Incheon Strategy, provided member States with policy guidance on further advancing disability-inclusive development.\nWhile we have made commendable advances over the past 30 years, much more needs to be done.\nMore than 700 million persons with disabilities living in the region continue to face significant barriers to full and effective participation in society.\nPersons with disabilities generally experience higher rates of poverty and unemployment, and children with disabilities are less likely to attend school. Only 1 in 4 persons with disabilities are employed, and 7 in 10 persons with disabilities do not have social protection.\nBarriers continue to inhibit persons with disabilities from accessing the physical environment, public transportation, and information and communications. Findings from a recent ESCAP survey suggest that many government buildings, websites and modes of public transportation continue to lack accessibility features.\nPersons with disabilities are underrepresented in decision-making processes. Less than one per cent of the total parli", "uly an infection, rx requires a doc.\nEar Infection relief. Whether it is an external or middle ear infection you can get pain relief by taking a medicine like tylenol (acetaminophen) or ibuprofen. The key to resolve the infection is antibiotic +/- antiinflammatory drops in the event of an external ear infection and possibly and oral antibiotic, in the vent of a middle ear infection", "What are some reasons people do not wear wedding rings", "ESE Inc., the Engineering Solutions Experts, recently became a ThinManager Platinum Integrator after a number of successful, large scale deployments. When we initially contacted ESE, their Director of Manufacturing Information Systems John Tertin stated, \u201cThis is going to be the new standard, and ThinManager is part of that standard. Going forward, ThinManager will be employed wherever the SE system goes.\u201d Apparently, John wasn\u2019t kidding because when we checked in with him again, he had another successful integration story to share with us.\nAfter deploying and managing a Rockwell FactoryTalk View SE system at a food processing facility in central Wisconsin, the Mariani Packing Company of Vacaville, California purchased that facility. John told us, \u201cThis was originally a major producer for Mariani that we had done work for previously and Mariani ended up buying the facility, which is how our relationship with Mariani started.\u201d\n\u201cMariani is a large dried fruit producer that makes just about every variety of dried fruit you can think of. The facility at their Wisconsin Rapids, Wisconsin plant has embraced Rockwell Automation\u2019s PlantPAX architecture and uses Logix controllers with the FactoryTalk View SE distributed SCADA package. Since Mariani has expanded the production area at their Wisconsin facility, it became an ideal application for the ThinManager Platform,\u201d said John. When asked if Mariani is seeing value in such a small system, John replied, \u201cThey have already seen the benefits even though they originally started with only three thin clients and still had two existing thick clients on the plant floor. When we proposed this solution to them, I explained that switching out the thick clients when they failed, or to proactively save money on maintenance costs would be extremely simple to do. They found a lot of value in that. They decided to replace them with thi", "Florida Bail Bonds\nBrennan Bail Bonds is one of the most well-respected, most trusted bail bonds service in the industry. Licensed and bonded in the state of Florida, Brennan Bail Bonds employs highly qualified agents who know all of Florida's county jails backwards and forwards.\nWhenever you need us, our agents are only a phone call away. We offer our professional expertise when you need us, 24 hours a day, every day, including weekends and holidays. Local law enforcement doesn't conform to a schedule and neither do we. When someone gets arrested, we know you are going to have questions. If there is anything you need to know, make sure you contact our office immediately. We can get your questions answered quickly and efficiently and help you get your loved one out of jail in a few, short hours. When you need bail, you need Brennan Bail Bonds!\nLet Us Help!\nBad things happen to good people. Some people have bad luck, personal tragedies, poor judgment or just plain mistakes. Lessons are everywhere, the key is to learn from them and not repeat past mistakes. It has happened to all of us. It doesn't matter if you are rich, poor, educated, from the streets, old or young, we all have moments that try our souls. If you find yourself in that position and you or a loved one has been arrested, your first phone call should be to our agency.\nIf you or a loved one finds themselves in jail, the need for bond will more than likely present itself. Bail is used by the court to obtain a promise that the defendant will return to court for their scheduled hearings. By doing so, the defendant is able to return to work and to care for their family and the county does not incur the cost of feeding and housing the defendant. There are several forms of bail. They include bail bonds, cash and a cashier's check.\nWhy Use A Bail Bond?\nIn most cases, a bail bond is needed for any of the following reasons:\n- Some people would rather remain anonymous and keep their names out of the public record.\n- Do not want to post a full cash bail because of the high risk of financial loss.\n- Simply do not have the amount of cash needed to post bond on their own.\nBail Bond Payment Plans\nIn Florida, bail premiums are state mandated. At Brennan Bail Bonds, our rates are set by the State of Florida at 10%. Call us today to see what options you have when it comes to financing a bail bond. We will work with you to create a personalized payment plan that fits your budget and makes it easy for you to make bail.\nMany people choose Brennan Bail Bonds because we offer the fastest, most efficient service possible in our industry. All phone calls are processed through our central location. We have agents throughout the state who can be dispatched within a few minutes of receiving your phone call. From the call center to the agent, we provide consistent and reliable service. Because of the way our unique system works, you will be able to communicate with the same bail bonds agent every time you deal with the court. We have several convenient payment options including ACH checks, cash, bank transfers, money gram, VISA, American Express, MasterCard, PayPal, Discover and Western Union. If you qualify, we also have different payment plans that may better suit your needs.\nContact BrennanBail.com to see how we can help you obtain a Florida bail bond. You don't have to come to our office if you have a fax machine. We can send you the required paperwork and once you have completed them, you can fax them back to us. We can also email them to you. We have even successfully completed bail bonds paperwork electronically over the Internet. It takes approximately five minutes and is FREE. Choose the option you prefer and let us know when to get started.\nFirst and foremost, we are a bail bonds agency. We do, however, offer other services to help our clients get the results they need. They include:\nImmigration Bonds - Brennan Bail Bonds has worked hard to gain the reputation of being one of the best bail bonds agencies in the state of Florida. We can do things other agencies can't, like writing immigration bail bonds. T", "What are some forms of collateral that can be used to secure a bail bond", "TY - Alleviates dry air\nIncorporate essential oils into your daily life with the Ellia Soothe Diffuser. Durable enough for travel, it gently lifts the scent of your favourite essential oils into the air to transform the mood of your space. The Soothe Diffuser delivers up to 6.5 hours of continuous run time. It features a colour-changing light and an Essential Oil Starter Kit with three samples", "What were the views of the author about the film '50 Shades of Grey' and the circumstances surrounding its viewing", "What method did Saudi Aramco pioneer in the 1960s to maintain oil reservoir pressure during production", "What types of terrain can the ALEKO High-Speed Electric Powered Remote Controlled Monster Truck be used on", "ped with all necessary accessories for use right out of the box!\n- ALEKO\u2019s 1:10 Scale Off-Road Electric RC Monster Truck with a Flame Design comes fully equipped for Instant Fun\n- Features a shockproof independent 4-wheel drive for better traction and steering\n- Total Car Dimensions: 18.6 x 12.7 x 7.5 inches; Wheelbase: 11 inches\n- Motor: RC550\n- Includes: (1) RC Car, (1) Transmitter, (1) 7.2V 2000MAH Battery, (1) Charger, and (1) Instruction Manual\n- Weight: 10 lbs.\n- Color: Blue with Yellow Flame Desig", "What is the primary role of Insurance Choices regarding its clients' insurance needs", "Healthy Insurance Choices\n401 North 8th St.\nIndianola, IA 50125\nContact via Email\nVisit our Website\n- Doctor\u2019s visits & medication\n- Emergency medical expenses\n- Dental care & specialized coverage\n- Funeral expenses\n- Whole Life, and Universal Life Insurance\nProtecting your family and your business from the \u201cwhat ifs\u201d can sometimes seem a daunting task. Healthy", "What felony classification can a person face for committing identity theft", "What popular role is Ted Lange best known for on television", "What troubleshooting steps did the authors take to resolve the issues with their Acer Chromebooks", "In which programs does tribal coordination predominantly occur at the Alaska District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers", "What are the heating modes available for the wall-mounted electric patio heater", "baby horses forfreein georgia\nfree score brahmsjohannessonatensatzscherzo in c minor opposth forfree score\nreading passages and multiple choice questions for 4th grade forfreecollege women drunk party\ngunnergame forfreedownloadstomach cramps and feeling nauseous in men\nmini dolberman forfree ontario\nintel graphic driver forfree phoenix pentium 4\npone phtos ofspongebob forfree\nsoul calibour forfree torrent downloadroxanne martinez new jersey facebook\ngerman pornstars forfree\nlooking forfree webmail com images send php\nfishing pole forfresh water stripers\nis floral or plaid best fabric forfrench country look in ecor\nthe type initializer forfreight bills freightthrew an exception\namazed lonestar vanbasco karaoke forfree\nhorse mating vide downlode forfreefotos de mi esposa desnuda con el amante\nhens and chicks as companion plant forfreesia\nwatch xrated anime forfree\npennfoster exam answers for the accounting course forfree\nrecipe forfresh raspberry filled cookies\naunties forfree sex in chennaielectroni\nmatlab code forfrequency mixer to modulate classical indian music\nforfree to downloadthe creampie video\nmy cribs mtv forfree\nhow to receive collect calls from texas inmate on laptop forfreeout line militaryoperational planning using war games ppt\nbrazzersfull videos forfree\nvirtual date game lucy download forfre\ncontract templets forfree to down l", "Why is international experience considered important for international applicants in MBA applications", "What defines a 'recoverable' cart according to the text", "Which eCommerce platforms do you integrate with?\nConversio currently integrates with Shopify, WooCommerce, and BigCommerce.\nWhich languages is Conversio available in?\nConversio's software and support are only available in English, but you have full control over the text and language in your emails. We do not currently support multiple languages.\nWhat is the difference between free and premium accounts?\nConversio's free plan is limited and includes one receipt template and the feedback widget. The premium plan includes additional receipt templates, follow up emails, customer segmentation, abandoned cart recovery, product reviews, recommended product widgets, and more! Please look here for our full feature list and here for information on pricing.\nWhat should I set up first?\nThe first thing you should work on is adding all of your settings here. Add your company's logo, email preferences, address, and localization before moving on to editing email templates.\nCan I manage multiple stores in one Conversio account?\nNo, you will need a separate Conversio account for each store that you have.\nCan I turn off Conversio's receipts for Amazon orders?\nYes! You can suppress Amazon receipts in your outgoing email settings.\nWhat is the download button in the middle of my receipt?\nThis appears in templates to show you what an order would look like if it included a digital download product. If you don't sell these, or the order doesn't contain a digital product, the download button will not appear in a real order.\nWhy can't I turn on my convert prospects to first time buyers campaign?\nThis campaign requires that you have our newsletters add-on because pro", "What services does Pure Hair Design offer and where is it located", "How can I request a quote from the company", "I\u2019ve heard you say that International experience is very important for International applicants. How can we best highlight that experience without making it appear like laundry a list? Any tips about how to (or whether to) highlight my international travel experiences where I\u2019ve met people from different backgrounds, learned from their wisdom and learned to appreciate diversity?\nYup, it\u2019s true. International experience is very important on an MBA application for International applicants. Why? Because the adcom needs to see that you\u2019re going to be OK here in the US for the next 1-2 years (or longer). They need to feel comfortable about you adapting to the culture of the school and working with the diverse student body. And for that, you need to prove to them that you\u2019ve interacted with people that are not like you, and experienced things outside of your hometown.\nSo you gotta maximize your international experience in your apps, whatever it may be.\nWhich brings us back to your question: how do we do that without it sounding like some list? And what should and should not be included?\nHere\u2019s a good place to start:", "What major challenges do persons with disabilities face in the Asia-Pacific region according to the High-level Intergovernmental Meeting on the Final Review of the Asian and Pacific Decade of Persons with Disabilities", "What types of coverage does Healthy Insurance Choices offer", "What immediate actions are suggested to improve the participation and inclusion of persons with disabilities in decision-making processes according to the text", "painful waxing?\nFortunately your desire to be hair free can easily be attained now at Stone Dermatology! We are excited to be able to offer Utah an exceptional laser hair removal service with our new \u201cAlma\u201d laser that is virtually pain free!", "Insurance Choices continues to help its clients find the right insurance to help them focus on what they do best.\nInsurance is a complicated subject. It\u2019s an agent\u2019s business to understand it,and communicate it to you so you understand it as well. In almost all cases an ordinary consumer will benefit from having someone who deals with this subject for a living", "between the QIDI Tech 1 and the Flashforge Creator Pro:\nThe Flashforge has a motherboard with a larger chip than the QIDI Tech 1 to store larger firmware files however there are currently no firmware files which require the use of a larger chip so the chip on the QIDI is perfectly adequate.\nThe smaller chip size in the QIDI definitely does not affect its superb performance\nWhile the Flashforge has solid styrene closed sides with only one side being removable, the QIDI has acrylic sides which can both be removed. This is particularly useful when printing with PLA to allow additional airflow and cooling.\nThe printer spools on the Flashforge only allow the use of filament spools which have a large 2 inch diameter hole while the QIDI can accommodate spools with 1 inch diameter holes and everything above. This means you can use almost any brand of filament such as the smaller and very popular Hatchbox filament.\nWhat Software Does This Printer Come With?\nThe included SD card contains the Makerware Replicator software and Sailfish which converts the printing instructions from Makerware to the language (.x3g) that the 3D printer understands to execute the printing process.\nIt is also possible to use Simplify 3D to create your printing designs if you prefer to use this program.\nHow Do You Switch From The Right Extruder To The Left Extruder?\nYour extruder set up is all programmed within the slicing software that you\u2019re using. When you create your print job, you need to specify which extruder the printer is to use for each section of the model you\u2019re going to print.\nThis includes using different colors. Just make sure that you have the correct colors in the correct extruders as specified in your print design.\nUseful Tips To Get The Most Out Of Your QIDI 3D Printer:\nTry not to leave prints on the build plate to completely cool down as you may find that they can be difficult to remove.\nStore your filament in a sealed bag to avoid contact with moisture.\nWhen printing with PLA, make sure you turn on the turbo fan as the fan switch defaults to the off position. This will avoid stringiness and lack of adhesion in your finished prints.\nIf you\u2019re having some problems with your prints sticking to the build plate especially when using PLA, try putting some glue on the plate first. You could also try using hairspray. Soak a piece of paper towel with hairspray and wipe over the build plate. Allow it to dry before starting your print job. You may need to repeat this after a few prints.\nFor further support and other helpful tips, there\u2019s an excellent support group for the QIDI Tech 1 on Thingiverse. You\u2019ll also find some interesting print files available including accessories you can print for your QIDI printer such as more sophisticated spool holders and glass bed clamps in case you want to add a glass top to your build plate.\n3 months, however support is excellent if you have any problems.\nWhat Customers Are Saying:\nAfter reading hundreds of reviews on this printer we found that 76% of customers were entirely happy with this printer and gave it a rating of 5 out of 5 stars. There were numerous mentions of the excellent customer service provided by QIDI Tech including fast shipping of replacement parts if needed as well as excellent guidance on installing these and extra parts as bonuses.\nMost customers have commented on the quality and sturdiness of the printer itself and also on the level of detail that the printer produces in each print job. In fact one customer was so happy with the quality of the prints that he has started a business using his QIDI 3D printer.\nWe found many reviews from first time 3D printer users and all have been amazed at how easily and quickly they were able to produce quality prints with their QIDI Tech 1.\nA few customers reported that they had the x-axis cable fail after a few prints. Fortunately there is a spare cable included with the printer and a youtube video available to show you how to replace the cable if needed.\nThe only negative reviews we found were centered around the quality of the sample filament which is included with the printer. As this included filament is only meant for test print jobs, this is definitely not a concern as you will be purchasing your own filament for your 3D print projects.\nThe QIDI Tech 1 Dual Extruder 3D printer is well constructed and very durable. It comes mostly pre-assembled with only a little assembly required before you can start your first print job.\nBeing a fully enclosed printer means that it is much quieter than some other 3D printers and works really well with ABS filament. The acrylic sides not only allow you to better view the printing process but are removable which is highly recommended if you\u2019re using PLA filament.\nThe build plate is easily calibrated and heated to ensure good adhesion of your print job as long as you make sure that the plate is heated to the correct temperature before starting the print.\nThe dual extruders allow you to print in more than one color and also make it easy when you\u2019re using support structures for your print.\nThis 3D printer is an excellent choice if you\u2019re new to 3D printing but also great if you\u2019re looking for an additional printer to add to your collection. It is great value for money and the customer support is exceptional", "How does the ThinManager Platform benefit clients in terms of IT maintenance and deployments, particularly at Mariani Packing Company", "Have you ever dreamed\u2026\nof having perfectly smooth, hair free skin without the trouble of having to shave so often? Do you have unattractive hair in areas that you wish were smooth? Are you frustrated with tweezing, shaving and expensive and", "What transportation options does Denny Bus Lines provide since 1959", "married couples as opposed to\nsingle women on their property. If you are truly married, the rock will\nspeak for you!\nOn the flipside, some people may not wear a ring for the following reasons:\nSome people just prefer to not wear anything on their hands for the sake of\ncomfort. For others, it is the nature of their jobs or\ndaily schedules. Surgeons, carers, radiologists, factory workers and so on\nmay choose to go without a ring. For many, working in the kitchen or doing\nchores in the garden may make it impractical.\nNo Legal Requirement\nPeople may opt to be joined by a civil ceremony and not a religious one. In\nthe course of the ceremony, there is no requirement to exchange rings as a\nsymbol of love; instead, the requirement is only to sign a marriage\nSome couples may have started out wearing rings but for some reason, feel\nthat it\u2019s no longer necessary to wear. They don\u2019t believe that trust is\ntied to a simple object.\nPeople who have lost their rings may not have the resources to replace\nthem, especially if it\u2019s expensive.\nDo you think wedding rings are necessary? Some people take them off when\nexercising, working or cooking but always wear them again. What works for\nphoto via: thelovelint.co", "cary number.\nJIM: Why don\u2019t you give us a bit of a history, because I don\u2019t think most people realize we may be driving around here in Southern California with a gallon of gasoline in our tank that came from one of these fields.\nMATT: Of the 10-11 million bpd that we import into the United States, 1.5 of that is Saudi Arabian oil, so statistically there is probably a pretty good likelihood that 1 out of 10 motorists in California have Saudi Arabian oil in their tank.\nJIM: Matt, give us a bit of a history, because most people know oil wells don\u2019t last forever, but some of these in Saudi Arabia have been around for 50 years. I like the analogy that you use of the chess board and I wonder if we might start with that analogy, as we get to the Saudi fields.\nMATT: Yes. The French Petroleum Institute did a major study a couple of decades ago, about the distribution of oil fields by basin. And what they found was that what seems to happen with phenomenal regularity is that within about 5-7 years of moving into a new area of prospective hydrocarbon, you tend to find the queen first, which is the second largest field you\u2019re going to find; you then calibrate in on the knowledge of how you found that and within a handful of years you find the king; and then over the next decade, you find there too, the next 8-10 lords. And once you\u2019ve found the royal family, the rest of everything you\u2019ll ever find are basically peons in size.\nAnd if you then say, \u201chow did that work in Saudi Arabia?\u201d In 1940 they basically found Abqaiq which was the best, in reservoir quality and quality of oil, field they\u2019ve ever found, and Abqaiq peaked at about 1.2 million bpd in 1972. And then they had a hiatus during World War II when they really weren\u2019t exploring. So had they not had a hiatus, they would probably have fast-forwarded this 4 years. In 1948 they discovered Ghawar which is the world\u2019s largest oil field. In 1951, Ghawar came on production. In 1951 they discovered Safaniya which is basically the largest offshore oil field ever, and in terms of output was bigger than Abqaiq, but basically 40% of Ghawar. And then over the course of the next 15 years they found the rest of the royal family. And from 1967-2005 they\u2019ve actually found an accumulation of little deposits they\u2019ve never produced, even though they were always worried about too little diversification of supply. But for some reason or other they just couldn\u2019t produce these fields. Now they\u2019re going back and trying to rehabilitate a bunch of fields that were crummy fields in the 60s and 70s, that couldn\u2019t ever sustain much production, and they\u2019re claiming these fields can easily get up to 500,000 bpd and last 30-50 years. There is no technical support that that can be possible. You can\u2019t say it\u2019s impossible, but the fact that these fields couldn\u2019t produce in the 70s gives rise to real caution that basically they\u2019re deluding themselves that through the use of modern oil field technology they will be able to do something no one in the world has been able to do.\nJIM: In the history of Saudi oil exploration there\u2019s certainly been a great effort, they\u2019ve used great technologies \u2013 state-of-the-art technologies \u2013 but simply the oil hasn\u2019t been there to the extent they were discovering it in the 40s, 50s and maybe early 60s.\nMATT: All the great fields, ironically too, were discovered by eyesight, as opposed to seismic.\nJIM: Now, if we take a look at Saudi oil production at 3 million at the time that US oil production peaked in 1971 \u2013 you know, Matt, as I look at energy over the centuries we\u2019ve been very lucky as a human race: we\u2019ve had wood as a source of energy; that was replaced by coal; then we had oil that replaced coal and gave us our industrial society \u2013 but more importantly, as US oil production peaked in 1971 Saudi Arabian oil production was able to take off and take our place. There\u2019s nothing out there!\nMATT: With fabulous ease too. Also ironically in the last 3 years of the 1960s, we discovered the last 3 great provinces of brand new oil when we found oil in Alaska in 1967,68; we found oil in Siberia about the same period of time; and we found oil in the North Sea in 1969. And Siberian, Alaskan, and North Sea oil, effectively combined to produce: the North Sea peaked in 1999 at a little over 6 million bpd, it\u2019s already down 25%; Alaskan oil peaked in the 1990s at 2 million bpd it\u2019s now at about 900,000 bpd; Siberian oil peaked at about 9 million bpd and it\u2019s about 5 million bpd. And we haven\u2019t basically found another province since the late 60s.\nJIM: How are we able to keep production up, because if you take a look at the increase in demand now coming from emerging countries such as China and India, oil production has increased for decades? How are we able to do that with many of these fields going into decline?\nMATT: Well, we continue to pull more and more out of the North Sea, and then we found deep water which was a fabulous last shot from the basins we already had shallow water production. And we took the Middle East oil back up to unsustainably high levels of production. So probably, we\u2019re sweeping the cupboard bare. People looked at the way we were able to do this and thought, \u201cwow! this is actually easy,\u201d without realizing what we were actually doing was totally non-sustainable.\nJIM: If I was to use the analogy to advances in technology, were we just using bigger straws in effect to get the oil out?\nMATT: Absolutely. But so many oil experts got giddy, by seeing the return to high flow rates, they started believing that we were actually now finally getting a vastly higher amount more oil out of these fields than we could produce before, and therefore we were headed to an era of unbelievably plentiful oil, at unbelievably low prices. And I\u2019ll tell you, as we speak right now, ironically the same week that Twilight in the Desert began shipping, Cambridge Energy Research Associates, Daniel Yergin, who, I think, a lot of people think is one of the more respected \u2013 or maybe most respected \u2013 oil analysts on Earth, began producing a report saying effectively \u2013 and there was a big editorial piece in the Washington Post this Sunday \u2013 that the world, between now and 2010 \u2013 which is not very long away \u2013 is going to add 16.4 million bpd more oil, and create a massive oil glut, and collapse the price again. Now, I\u2019ve read carefully through Daniel Yergin\u2019s detailed field-by-field bottom-up report, and basically, it is a really flawed piece of analysis in my opinion. But the fact that they obviously believe it\u2019s correct \u2013 they\u2019re doing talk shows \u2013 shows you the depth of limitation of people that really understand how serious this is. Cambridge Energy Research Associates also, in 2001, were unbelievably pooh-poohing the idea that the United States had now entered a major natural gas crisis. But by 2004 they got the religion. I expect by 2009 they\u2019ll issue a magnificent tome saying, \u201cgosh! it looks like the world is now past sustainable peak oil supply.\nBut what\u2019s dangerous is how many of the optimists really believe we won\u2019t ever have any oil problems. I hope I\u2019m actually wrong in my dire predictions, but I hope people actually take them seriously and figure out a way to prepare for them, since if we do that we win either way.\nJIM: Let\u2019s talk about this, especially the downside of Saudi oil production which is increased to meet some of the demands in this new century. How is it achieved, and then, I\u2019d like you to address the dangers of over production in terms of what they\u2019re doing today?\nMATT: What Saudi Aramco effectively pioneered in the 60s was a method of injecting water into the flanks of these highly pressurized reservoirs, so that every time you produced a barrel of water you injected a barrel plus. So you never had reservoir pressure declines. And what they were effectively doing, if you could visualize this on a sort of 3D screen, is that the injected water was basically a giant battering ram, squeezing the oil column up h", "What is usually the heaviest piece when transporting power wheelchairs", "What are the differences between outer ear infections and inner ear infections in terms of pain, symptoms, and treatment", "While you're attending weddings, make sure that you scout out the healthiest options and snack on them first. Spot the fruit and salad bar counter in the wedding and fill your plate with these. The idea is to feel satiated before indulging in greasier stuff. Once you're done having your dose of fibre-rich fruits and salad, you can always take few portions of other dishes but in limited quantity.\nThe easiest way to keep the digestive system healthy during the wedding season is to keep your body well hydrated. Make sure that consume at least 2-3 litres of water every day which will flush out all the toxins from your body. To enhance the cleansi", "UP TO 20x FASTER, MORE INTEGRATED, MORE CONTENT, AND ADDS COMPATIBILITY WITH PLANTFACTORY\nJuly 13, 2015. Beaverton, Oregon: E-on software is pleased to announce that its latest major update of LumenRT 2015 (2015.5) is now available for immediate download for all LumenRT 2015 customers.\nCurrent LumenRT 2015 users should visit their account page to obtain this new update.\nFinally, to go with this release, the company announced its current CGAwards promotion was extended for another week. Until July 19, 2015, Artists can save up to 50% on their purchase. The special offer applies to all e-on software tiles: VUE, PlantFactory, LumenRT, Carbon Scatter and CloudFactory. More information here.\nThe 2015.5 release contains a number of new features including:\nUp to 20x Faster\nMassive optimizations of the LumenRT Real-Time engine result in smoother playback of LiveCubes\u2122.\nPlantFactory 2015 Compatibility\nEdit and animate new LumenRT plant species. Seamlessly edit LumenRT plants in PlantFactory. Create and save new species directly to your LumenRT library.\nNEW Integration Plugins\nLumenRT 2015.5 is now compatible with Esri CityEngine 2015 and Autodesk Revit 2016.\nNEW and Updated Content Library\nLumenRT 2015.5 ships with a set of new plant species, and all existing plants are optimized for the new Real-time engine.\nNew numerical position, orientation and scale inputs let you precisely place your imported content in the LumenRT scene.\n- And much more\nA complete list of the new enhancements and fixes can be found from the software updates section.\nE-on software also announced that the LumenRT Studio and GeoDesign Trial versions will be updated to the 2015.5 release during summer 2015. In the meantime, customers can still download the 2015.1 Trials from try.lumenrt.com.\nLumenRT is the leading 3D immersive communication platform for architecture and GeoDesign.\nEarlier in the year, LumenRT 2015 was nominated as Innovation of the Year at the CG Awards 2015.\nWith LumenRT, architects, designers, engineers, and GIS professionals can convey", "x Remote control1 x Instruction\nThis wall-mounted outdoor heater brings warmth to you and your family!\nComposed of sturdy and anti-rust aluminum alloy, this IP65 waterproof patio heater has a long service life and can be used outdoors. If you need to use it outside, please hang it under the eaves. In addition, the included remote control is convenient for you to adjust the heater to 3 different heat settings (500W/1000W/1500W) according to the actual situation. Moreover, the advanced gold tube infrared heating brings you 1 second fast heating while creating a quiet and comfortable rest or office environment. Imagine how wonderful it will be that you and your family can feel the warmth in the cold winter.\nIf you are looking for a wall-mounted outdoor heater, do not hesitate to buy it!\nDurable gold tube for 1 second fast heating\nInfrared heating for quiet and energy-saving operation\n3 heat setting (500W/1000W/1500W) for various heat requirements\nEasy to operate with remote control\nPerfect for the outdoors thanks to its IP65 rated waterproof surface\nEnsures long service time with premium aluminum alloy\nFinds the appropriate heating angle easily with 45 degrees adjustable mounting bracket\nSaves your home space with wall-mounted design\nETL certification for safe use\nAll products are shipped within 48-72 business hours and usually delivered within 3-8 business days.\nIf you aren't completely satisfied with your product, return the item within 30 days of delivery for a refund (exceptions apply see refund & return policy for more details).", "Anushka Sharma has delivered some good performance in movies like Sultan, NH10, Phillauri and many others. Now she is all set to entertain rather scare us in her upcoming film Pari.\nThe teaser of the upcoming film was released yesterday and we must say Anushka Sharma looks scary in the teaser.\nCheck out the teaser here:\nThe makers even postponed the release date of the film. Pari which was slated to hit the screens on 9th February 2018 will now hit the screens on 2nd March during the Holi weekend. With this Pari will now clash with Sushant Singh Rajput and Jacqueline Fernand", "$39.99 While Quantities Last\n- ULTRASONIC AROMA DIFFUSER - Delivers a fine mist of natural aroma to enhance your mood\n- ESSENTIAL OIL STARTER KIT - Contains 2 ml samples of the following Ellia Essential Oils: Orange, Fight It\u2122, and Pay Attention\n- COLOUR-CHANGING LIGHT - Gentle glow creates a peaceful environment\n- RUNTIME - Up to 6.5 hours continuous or 13 hours intermittent\n- SOOTHING HUMIDI", "What sports did the individual report on while working for the Indiana Daily Student", "discounts and promotions.\nTake a look at our portfolio to see how good we are.\nPure Hair Design provides the best hair salon service at affordable prices. Make an appointment today to hair salon South End Boston\nDesign and Developed by Rank & Grow Inc", "ng process, you can also add sliced lemons, cucumbers and chopped mint leaves to your bottle of water which you can sip on all day.\nAvoid eating raw vegetables like broccoli, kale, cauliflower and cabbage as they will lead to bloating. Also avoid processed foods that are high on sodium. Eating potassium-rich foods such as bananas and nut butter can reduce bloating to a great extent.\nIt's always a good idea to munch on nuts and seeds such as almonds, walnuts, pistachio and flax seeds as they are packed with nutrients, minerals and healthy fats. At the same time, it will boost your overall nutrient intake to a great extent.\n(With inputs by IANS", "1 Second Fast Heating: Featuring an advanced gold tube infrared heating, this electric patio heater is able to heat up quickly in 1 second, which is more effective to drive away cold. Likewise, the infrared heating can better transform heat to the human body.\n3 Heat Setting: Designed with 3 heating modes, this wall-mounted outdoor heater provides 500W/1000W/1500W for you to select. Therefore, you can choose the appropriate heat setting according to your different needs. And the operation is quite easy, just use the remote control to adjust.\nQuiet Operation: Instead of using fuel, this high quality space heater features an infrared heating, which is noiseless for operation, so it creates a quiet environment for you to sleep, work and chat comfortably. Furthermore, the wall-mounted design saves your home space.\nFit for Indoor and Outdoor: With rustproof aluminum alloy and IP65 rated water resistant, this wall-mounted patio heater not only allows you to use it indoors, but also fits outdoors. Hence, you can feel warm even in the cold winter. If you need to use it outside, please hang it under the eaves.\nAdjustable Mounting Bracket: The bracket of this electric infrared heater can be adjusted up to 45 degrees in order to heat at different angles. And the ETL certification ensures your safety while using it. Besides, the installation is easy with detailed instruction and provided accessories.\nMaterial: Aluminum alloy\nOverall dimension: 25\" x 3.5\" x 4\"\nNet weight: 4.5 lbs\nProtection class: IP65 rating\nPackage includes:1 x Patio heater1", "What are some methods mentioned that individuals may find frustrating when dealing with unwanted hair", "What event is Indiana hosting that involves Duke and on what night does it take place", "What is the new release date of Anushka Sharma's upcoming film Pari", "Ted Lange\u2019s net worth is estimated at $4 million. This American actor, director, and screenwriter have a number of award-winning credits. He has received the Heroes and Legends HAL Lifetime Achievement Award, the Dramalogue Award, and the James Cagney Directing Fellow Scholarship Award. He also received a Paul Robeson Award from Oakland\u2019s Ensemble Theater for his work as a director and actor. In addition to his acting roles, Lange has written and directed several film projects, including the critically-acclaimed drama The Love Boat.\nTed Lange was born on 5 January 1948 in Oakland, California. His career began as an actor, but his desire to be involved in other areas of entertainment eventually led him to write screenplays and direct plays. He also worked as a stage director and writer, and eventually became a multi-millionaire at the age of 71.\nTed Lange\u2019s net worth has tripled in recent years. In fact, his net worth has increased by at least three times since he first began acting. He will be 74 years old in 2022 and has accumulated numerous awards since his debut. He has also won the Academy Award for Best Actor. His popularity in the film industry has resulted in a substantial increase in his net worth.\nIn addition to acting, Lange has also written several films and appeared in a number of television shows. His first screenplay, Passing Through, was released in 1977. He", "What features does the ultrasonic aroma diffuser include", "Kadabra - Chamber for tobacco leaf\nMade of stainless steel and designed for ease of use, reload your Kadabra vaporiser in seconds with this replacement/complementing herb cartrid", "What materials is the Kadabra vaporiser made of", "also wrote screenplays for several popular TV shows, including The Love Boat. He also served as director for several episodes of the hit show. He has also directed two episodes of Eve, for Love of Amy, and the acclaimed drama The Next Wave.\nTed Lange is an American actor, director, and screenwriter. His most popular role was as a bartender on the TV series The Love Boat. His other roles include a role in a movie called Wattstax. He is also a devoted writer and is well-known for his work in theater and television. He is currently spending his time with his wife Mary Ley.\nTed Lange has a net worth of $4 million. He is married to Mary Ley and lives in Los Angeles with his family. His first marriage ended in a divorce, but he remarried Mary Ley in 2001. They have two children together. His current age is 74 years old. He is 5 feet 7 inches tall.\nTed Lange was born in Oakland, California. His parents were both in the entertainment industry. Lange attended Oakland Technical High School. He was a class president and student body president at his high school. He then went on to major in drama at San Francisco City College. He also appeared in several television shows and movies.\nTed Lange is also active on social media. He has an Instagram account and regularly posts pictures of himself and events. He also posts stories of his travels.\nRead more quality stuff on Wiki Business Now", "QIDI Tech 1 Dual Extruder 3D Printer Review: Top Choice 2017\nIf you\u2019re new to the world of 3D printing and want a durable machine which produces high quality prints using either PLA or ABS filament and you like the idea of multi colored prints, then you should definitely consider the QIDI Tech 1 Dual Extruder 3D printer.\nIt\u2019s a surprisingly sophisticated machine which can produce beautiful, glossy prints with excellent detail and it retails for well under $1000. Because the print box is fully enclosed the printer is also super quiet. The QIDI is actually very similar to the more expensive Flashforge Creator Pro and is based on the MakerBot 3D printer.\n|Print material||Auto Calibration||Maximum print size(inches)||Heating bed||layer thickness||Customer support||Assembly time||Warranty|\n|PLA,ABS||No||8.8\"x5.9\"x5.9\"||Yes||100-400 microns||Excellent||10 minutes||3 month warranty||Buy on Amazon|\n- Key Features:\n- Does The Printer Come Pre-assembled?\n- How Does The QIDI Tech 1 Compare To The Flashforge Creator Pro?\n- What Software Does This Printer Come With?\n- How Do You Switch From The Right Extruder To The Left Extruder?\n- Useful Tips To Get The Most Out Of Your QIDI 3D Printer:\n- What Customers Are Saying:\n- Final Verdict:\nThe QIDI Tech 1 has a strong metal body and a fully enclosed print box. This ensures that the machine is durable and printing runs at a consistent temperature.\nThe sides, front and top of the printer are acrylic which means that you get a good view of the printing process when the printer is running.\nThe build plate is heated and is made from aviation grade aluminum which means it is completely flat and no warping will occur even with high temperatures. The plate is supported by heat resistant metal supports to ensure durability.\nThe enhanced internal circuits are designed to prevent static while the machine is printing.\nThe dual extruders allow you to create prints of different colors which not only means more interesting prints but also makes it easier to create and then remove support structures as you\u2019ll be printing these in a different color from the main print.\nThe QIDI Tech 1 can use either PLA, ABS or TPU filament as long as the filament is 1.75 mm in diameter. It\u2019s also easy to pause the printing to add in a new color if you want to.\n3.Easy To Use LED Control Panel\nThe LED control panel is easy to read and operate using push buttons. It will even give you instructions on how to get started and has special functions for calibrating the build plate including a test print so that you can ensure that the plate is calibrated correctly.\n4.Two Filament Spool Holders\nThis 3D printer comes with 2 spool holders which are attached to the back of the machine and are 1 inch in diameter. This means that they will fit almost any filament spool you wish to use.\nThe printer is compatible with any operating system including Windows, Mac and Linux via a USB cable. Also included with the printer is a SD card which contains the easy to use Makerware Replicator software recommended by the manufacturer for creating your print files.\nThe SD card also contains sample print files which you can create using the two sample spools of filament which are included with the printer. You\u2019ll get a sample spool of both PLA and ABS filament to allow you to understand how the different filaments work in relation to the finished print.\n6.Exceptional Customer Service\nCustomer service support is absolutely brilliant and any enquiry will be responded to within 24 hours. QIDI Tech will go out of their way to make sure that you are happy with your purchase and to assist you in any way they can.\nIn fact, every printer that is sent out to a customer is tested for a full 8 hours before despatch to ensure that it\u2019s working perfectly.\nDoes The Printer Come Pre-assembled?\nOne of the advantages of the QIDI Tech 1 3D printer is that it arrives on your doorstep already pre-assembled straight out of the box. There are only a few parts that you need to attach before you can start printing.\nHere\u2019s a quick run down of the assembly required:\nWhen you receive your printer box take everything out including the printer itself which is extremely well packed to avoid any damage during transportation.\n1)Attach the extruders into the cradle using the 2 screws provided.\n2)Next attach the 2 filament spool holders to the back of the machine and put the 2 sample filament rolls on to the spools.\n3)Now you need to attach the 2 filament feeder tubes which just clip into the back of the box with snap lock clips to hold them in place.\n4)Feed the filaments through the tubes and insert them into the top of the extruders.\n5)You\u2019ll now want to calibrate the build plate using just a sheet of paper. You\u2019ll find instructions on how to do this in the included manual which is on the SD card. You can also do a test print using the LED panel as a guide.\n6)The next step is to attach the handle and hinges to the acrylic door and then install the door and the acrylic side panels.\n7)Now all that\u2019s left to do is to assemble the acrylic top and install it and you\u2019re ready to start your first print job.\nHere is a youtube video of the unboxing and assembling of the printer:\nHow Does The QIDI Tech 1 Compare To The Flashforge Creator Pro?\nThere are basically three main differences", "What awards has Ted Lange received throughout his career", "d potential project impacts to tribes.\nAdditionally, USACE is required under Executive Order 13175 and the Department of Defense American Indian and Alaska Native Policy, Alaska Guidance, to offer government-to-government consultation to federally recognized tribes when a USACE action could potentially affect tribal rights or resources, such as subsistence or cultural properties. It is USACE\u2019s goal to foster trust and respect while enhancing communication between the Alaska District and the Alaska Native community.", "What type of filaments is the QIDI Tech 1 3D printer compatible with", "High-Performance RC Vehicles from ALEKO deliver a mix of quality, durability, and speed! This High-Speed Electric Powered Remote Controlled Monster Truck is built for multiple types of terrain. Take this car for a spin in your neighborhood or test its limits on rockier surfaces. Crafted with durability in mind, the 4-wheel drive system is built tough for off-road adventure. Fun for children and adults alike, these RC Cars make for a perfect family activity. This pre-assembled RC Car kit comes fully equip", "What types of payment options does Brennan Bail Bonds offer for bail services", "What is the main focus of e-on software's products and technologies", "What differences did the author explain between England and America to their college class", "Travel and Folding Power Wheelchairs are shipped in their folded position and may have the joystick disconnected for shipping. Some Power Base Chairs are shipped with the seat removed which is easily installed. More complicated rehab-style power wheelchairs may require a representative present for setup and/or training.\nThese compact power chairs disassemble for transport and quickly re-assemble. Some power chairs fold-up for easy traveling. However, be sure to check the specifications regarding the heaviest piece for loading into automobiles. The base of the chair is usually the heaviest piece and can weigh up to 75-lbs. depending on the manufacturer and model.\nGreat performing Power-Base Chairs from Merits, Quickie, Guardian, Invacare, Pride Jazzy and more.\nPower Chairs offer performance, reliability and excellent maneuverability. Smaller footprints an", "What steps are suggested to recover the Chrome OS for the Acer C710", "What type of problems might the text segment inherently offer", "DULUTH, Minn. \u2014 A sold out Amsoil Arena crowd of 6,764 was treated to a back-and-forth game from the drop of the puck Friday night as No. 4 Minnesota Duluth and Minnesota met in a Western Collegiate Hockey Association men\u2019s game.\nThe pace didn\u2019t let up as the teams combined for 80 shots on goal in the most entertaining game of the season.\nAnd for the second straight meeting between the in-state rivals it finished as a 2-2 overtime tie.\nThe Bulldogs (17-5-4 overall, 12-4-3 in the WCHA) needed Mike Connolly\u2019s goal with 9:48 left in the second period to get even. There was no scoring in the third period or five-minute overtime, although Minnesota (11-10-4,8-8-3) had a power play for the final 80 seconds of the game.\n\u201cWe were happy to battle back, but right now, at this time of the season, we\u2019re going for wins,\u201d said UMD senior captain Mike Montgomery. \u201cMinnesota is playing really well and came at us. There were a lot of chances both ways and both goalies were the best players in the game.\u201d\nUMD junior Kenny Reiter (9-3-3) made 36 saves, while Minnesota junior Kent Patterson (9-5-4) made 40. UMD led in shots on goal 42-38, including 5-1 in overtime.\nThe sixth-place Gophers led 1-0 and 2-1, and stopped all five UMD power plays. Minnesota senior defenseman Cade Fairchild of Duluth scored the only goal of the first period, with six seconds left on his team\u2019s first power play, and Jay Barriball added a goal at 8:42 of the second period.\n\u201cUMD is a quick-transition team and so are we. We needed to be relentless and show we can play with them,\u201d said Fairchild. \u201cWe have to come back (Saturday) with a similar effort.\u201d\nUMD is 5-1-1 the past seven games and have allowed just eight goals total in that stretch. Minnesota is 2-3-3 the last eight, but is 1-0-2 against UMD this season.\nThe Bulldogs saw their school-record scoreless streak come to an end midway through the first period. Fairchild drove a shot from t", "Once the large fields peak in Saudi Arabia oil shocks will reverberate throughout the world\nBest up-to-date status of oil fields in Saudi Arabia. Ghawar is in decline, but 2 new fields filled in, once they\u2019re in decline, there are no new oil fields waiting in the wing, details here:\nRon Patterson. May 27, 2014. A Closer Look at Saudi Arabia. peakoilbarrel.com\n[Below this article is an interview between Matt Simmons and Jim Puplava]\nPeter Maass The Breaking Point. August 21, 2005 The New York Times\n[This article has been greatly reduced]\nThe largest oil terminal in the world, Ras Tanura, is located on the eastern coast of Saudi Arabia, along the Persian Gulf. From Ras Tanura\u2019s control tower, you can see the classic totems of oil\u2019s dominion \u2014 supertankers coming and going, row upon row of storage tanks and miles and miles of pipes. Ras Tanura is the funnel through which nearly 10 percent of the world\u2019s daily supply of petroleum flows. Standing in the control tower, you are surrounded by more than 50 million barrels of oil, yet not a drop can be seen.\nI visited Ras Tanura because oil is no longer out of mind, thanks to record prices caused by refinery shortages and surging demand \u2014 most notably in the United States and China \u2014 which has strained the capacity of oil producers and especially Saudi Arabia, the largest exporter of all. Unlike the 1973 crisis, when the embargo by the Arab members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries created an artificial shortfall, today\u2019s shortage, or near-shortage, is real. If demand surges even more, or if a producer goes offline because of unrest or terrorism, there may suddenly not be enough oil to go around.\nAs Aref al-Ali, my escort from Saudi Aramco, the giant state-owned oil company, pointed out, \u201dOne mistake at Ras Tanura today, and the price of oil will go up.\u201d This has turned the port into a fortress; its entrances have an array of gates and bomb barriers to prevent terrorists from cutting off the black oxygen that the modern world depends on. Yet the problem is far greater than the brief havoc that could be wrought by a speeding zealot with 50 pounds of TNT in the trunk of his car. Concerns are being voiced by some oil experts that Saudi Arabia and other producers may, in the near future, be unable to meet rising world demand. Their decades-old reservoirs are not as full and geologically spry as they used to be, and they may be incapable of producing, on a daily basis, the increasing volumes of oil that the world requires. \u201dOne thing is clear,\u201d warns Chevron, the second-largest American oil company, in a series of new advertisements, \u201dthe era of easy oil is over.\u201d\nIn the past several years, the gap between demand and supply, once considerable, has steadily narrowed, and today is almost negligible. The consequences of an actual shortfall of supply would be immense. If consumption begins to exceed production by even a small amount, the price of a barrel of oil could soar to triple-digit levels. This, in turn, could bring on a global recession, a result of exorbitant prices for transport fuels and for products that rely on petrochemicals \u2014 which is to say, almost every product on the market.\nThe impact on the American way of life would be profound: cars cannot be propelled by roof-borne windmills. The suburban and exurban lifestyles, hinged to two-car families and constant trips to work, school and Wal-Mart, might become unaffordable or, if gas rationing is imposed, impossible. Carpools would be the least imposing of many inconveniences; the cost of home heating would soar \u2014 assuming, of course, that climate-controlled habitats do not become just a fond memory.\nBut will such a situation really come to pass? That depends on Saudi Arabia. To know the answer, you need to know whether the Saudis, who possess 22 percent of the world\u2019s oil reserves, can increase their country\u2019s output beyond its current limit of 10.5 million barrels a day, and even beyond the 12.5-million-barrel target it has set for 2009. (World consumption is about 84 million barrels a day.) Saudi Arabia is the sole oil superpower. No other producer possesses reserves close to its 263 billion barrels, which is almost twice as much as the runner-up, Iran, with 133 billion barrels.\nBut the truth about Saudi oil is hard to figure out. Oil reservoirs cannot be inventoried like wood in a wilderness: the oil is underground, unseen by geologists and engineers, who can, at best, make highly educated guesses about how much is underfoot and how much can be extracted in the future. And there is a further obstacle: the Saudis will not let outsiders audit their confidential data on reserves and production. Oil is an industry in which not only is the product hidden from sight but so is reliable information about it. And because we do not know when a supply-demand shortfall might arrive, we do not know when to begin preparing for it, so as to soften its impact; the economic blow may come as a sledgehammer from the darkness.\nFor 31 years, Matthew Simmons has prospered as the head of his own firm, Simmons & Company International, which advises energy companies on mergers and acquisitions. A member of the Council on Foreign Relations, a graduate of the Harvard Business School and an unpaid adviser on energy policy to the 2000 presidential campaign of George W. Bush, he would be a card-carrying member of the global oil nomenclatura, if cards were issued for such things. Yet he is one of the principal reasons the oil world is beginning to ask hard questions of itself.\nTwo years ago, Simmons went to Saudi Arabia on a government tour for business executives. The group was presented with the usual dog-and-pony show, but instead of being impressed, as most visitors tend to be, with the size and expertise of the Saudi oil industry, Simmons became perplexed. As he recalls in his somewhat heretical new book, \u201dTwilight in the Desert: The Coming Saudi Oil Shock and the World Economy,\u201d a senior manager at Aramco told the visitors that \u201dfuzzy logic\u201d would be used to estimate the amount of oil that could be recovered. Simmons had never heard of fuzzy logic. What could be fuzzy about an oil reservoir? He suspected that Aramco, despite its promises of endless supplies, might in fact not know how much oil remained to be recovered.\nSimmons returned home with an itch to scratch. Saudi Arabia was one of the charter members of OPEC, founded in 1960 in Baghdad to coordinate the policies of oil producers. Like every OPEC country, Saudi Arabia provides only general numbers about its output and reserves; it does not release details about how much oil is extracted from each reservoir and what methods are used to extract that oil, and it does not permit audits by outsiders. The condition of Saudi fields, and those of other OPEC nations, is a closely guarded secret. That\u2019s largely because OPEC quotas, which were first imposed in 1983 to limit the output of member countries, were based on overall reserves; the higher an OPEC member\u2019s reserves, the higher its quota. It is widely believed that most, if not all, OPEC members exaggerated the sizes of their reserves in order to have the largest possible quota \u2014 and thus the largest possible revenue stream.\nIn the days of excess supply, bankers like Simmons did not know, or care, about the fudging; whether or not reserves were hyped, there was plenty of oil coming out of the ground. Through the 1970\u2019s, 80\u2019s and 90\u2019s, the capacity of OPEC and non-OPEC countries exceeded demand, and that\u2019s why OPEC imposed a quota system \u2014 to keep some product off the market (although many OPEC members, seeking as much revenue as possible, quietly sold more oil than they were supposed to). Until quite recently, the only reason to fear a shortage was if a boycott, war or strike were to halt supplies. Few people imagined a time when supply would dry up because of demand alone. But a steady surge in demand in recent years \u2014 led by China\u2019s emergence as a vora", "ike your Social Security number or information like your name, address, phone number, employer, maiden name, or date of birth. If you commit identity theft, you could be charged with a Class H felony.FREE CONSULTATION\nReceiving Stolen Property\nKnowingly receiving or hiding property that is stolen is considered a misdemeanor when the property is worth less than $2,500. This offense can be charged as a Class G through I felony, depending on the property value involved.\nForgery involves making or altering a writing with the intent to defraud the person accepting the writing, like a check. This crime is usually charged as a Class H felony unless there are more serious circumstances that enhance the penalty.\nUttering involves using a document that has been forged while knowing it was forged. This crime is also a Class H felony.\nArson of buildings can result in a Class C felony if you intentionally damage a building owned by someone else without their consent. A Class I felony is charged when you burn someone else\u2019s property that is not a building and has a value greater than $100. You can be charged with a Class H felony if you burn property with the intent to defraud the insurance company that covers that property.\nIf you enter another person\u2019s property without permission, you can be charged with the crime of trespass. The penalty you face depends on the type of structure you enter and whether you were armed at the time of entering.\nCriminal Damage to Property\nIt is illegal to intentionally damage someone else\u2019s personal property without the owner\u2019s consent. Individuals who commit this offense can be charged with a Class A misdemeanor.\nTrusted Property Crime Defense Lawyers\nContact Hogan Eickhoff today by calling (920) 450-9800, or request a consultation. Our firm is located in Appleton, and serves the state of Wisconsin including Green Bay, Oshkosh, Chilton, Waupaca, and beyond. In addition to representing clients accused of fraud, identity theft, and other property crimes, we have experience with cases involving felonies, misdemeanors, sex offenses, domestic violence, drug offenses, and violent crimes.", "Treat the infection. Infection of the outer ear canal (otitis externa), typically is itchy or painful, discharge from the ear often; treatment ear drops with an antibiotic and some topical cortisone. An inner ear infection (otitis media) generally is more painful and is pus trapped behind the eardrum (often coming from a sinus infection) and requires an oral antibiotic. If it is tr", "What issues are associated with the uncertainty of Saudi Arabia's oil reserves and its ability to meet rising global demand", "The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers-Alaska District, supports tribal sovereignty and self-determination. USACE coordinates with tribes on many different levels throughout our various programs. Although tribal coordination may be done through any program, most tribal coordination at the Alaska District is done through projects in the Civil Works program, Formerly Used Defense Sites clean-up program and Regulatory Division. Tribes may participate in USACE projects at many different levels depending on tribal interest an", "ez starrer Drive.\nPari is co-produced by Anushka\u2019s banner Clean Slate Films and Prernaa Arora and Arjun N Kapoor\u2019s KriArj Entertainment. Directed by debutant director Prosit Roy, the movie also features Bengali star, Parambrata Chatterjee.\nApart from this Anushka is also lined up with projects like Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif\u2019s ZERO. She will also be seen in Varun Dhawan for the first time on the big screen in SUI DHAAGA- Made in India.\nLet us know how you liked Anushka Sharma\u2019s look in the comments below.\nStay tuned for more Bollywood updates news and gossips right here", "What recent changes has the author made to their wardrobe in terms of color", "What feedback have customers provided regarding the quality and performance of the QIDI Tech 1 3D printer", "he left point that clanked in under the crossbar at 9:34. It was his 19th goal in 138 career games.\nUMD entered the game after consecutive shutout wins at Michigan Tech two weeks ago and finished with a scoreless streak of 168 minutes, 39 seconds.\nSome help from the Gophers got UMD on the board at 5:46 of the second period. Winger J.T. Brown sped around the defense and got the puck to Justin Fontaine for a shot at the crease. Patterson made a save but Minnesota\u2019s Nico Sacchetti, prone on the ice, slid into the net, bringing the puck along. It was credited as Fontaine\u2019s 16th goal of the season.\n\u201cWe held UMD to two goals and they didn\u2019t score on the power play. Our guys played pretty darn hard,\u201d said Minnesota head coach Don Lucia. \u201cBut two neutral-zone turnovers also cost us two goals.\u201d\nAfter being denied on an excellent Reiter glove save on a breakaway, Minnesota scoring leader Barriball came back 30 seconds later with an unassisted score from the left edge putting the Gophers up 2-1.\nThat lasted 90 seconds until Connolly pressured the puck \u2013 first with a slap shot, followed by a backhand attempt on the rebound and then finally, on a third chance, putting a shot through Patterson.\n\u201cWe need to execute better in the offensive zone; we have to stay in Patterson\u2019s face. And the big thing for us is getting the lead and we never had it tonight,\u201d said Connolly, who has 14 goals this season and 41 in 107 career games.\nReiter was solid in the waning, hectic seconds of regulation and then faced a Minnesota power play in OT. UMD is 5-1-4 in overtime this season and Minnesota 0-1-4.\nOne point for a tie momentarily moved UMD into a tie for second in the WCHA with Denver, both with 27 points, one behind idle North Dakota. Denver was playing a late game at Colorado College.\n\u201cIt was a back-and-forth game and a decent game for us. The good thing is we got better each period,\u201d said UMD head coach Scott Sandelin.", "What medications can help relieve pain from an ear infection", "n clients, which took less than an hour to do.\u201d\nMore often than not, stories about successful deployments of hardware or software revolve around an organization trying to deploy and manage large numbers of clients and terminals since the per unit Return on Investment (ROI) is multiplied for each seat. So how does a five client solution save money? \u201cAside from immediate benefits within a manufacturing plant, ESE can also reduce headaches and minimize downtime for customers from within its own building. The ThinManager Platform enables ESE\u2019s engineers to remotely access any of the terminals on the plant floor and shadow their systems to see real time plant data, help determine where problems may be occurring, and show an operator first-hand how to overcome the problem. Mariani is a good example, from a small facility perspective, of how you can still find value in the product despite only deploying five clients. We were easily able to move their thick clients onto the network using PXE Boot, and it is easy for them to expand beyond that,\u201d said John.\nAccording to Jesse Urban, the Director of Operations at Mariani Packing Company, ThinManager has proven itself to be the right solution despite the limited scope of the project. \u201cUsing ThinManager has reduced IT maintenance costs, eliminated the hassle of rolling out patches, and ended the practice of maintaining separate configurations on several plant floor HMIs. Installing additional clients is very easy to do. We\u2019ve already replaced some of our thick clients with ThinManager ready thin clients and it only takes about 10 minutes to add or replace a terminal in our production area,\u201d states Urban.\nWith such a wide range of facilities adopting the ThinManager Platform as their network management solution regardless of the size of the deployment, it is only a matter of time before ThinManager becomes the industry standard", "What are the different classifications of retail theft based on the value of the merchandise in Wisconsin", "What recent achievement does the person mention in the text segment", "What are some foods to avoid and foods to include in your diet to reduce bloating according to the text", "orked for the Indiana Daily Student for two years serving as the Sports Editor and beat reporters for Men\u2019s Basketball, Men\u2019s Soccer, Baseball and Field Hockey during my time with the student newspaper. Currently I am the Men\u2019s Basketball beat reporter for IU Student Television while I also broadcast games for BTN Student U. Email me: firstname.lastname@example.org and follow me on Twitter: @ZainPyarali", "What features of advanced power wheelchairs are mentioned in the text, and how do they improve the user's experience", "What are the features that make the rooms at Airport Mansion in Nedumbassery feel like a 'Home Away from Home'", "What should you focus on when selecting experiences to include in your b-school application essay", "What are the heat settings available for the remote-controlled wall-mounted outdoor heater", "What features does the Ellia Soothe Diffuser offer for those interested in using essential oils", "spects are any subscriber to your newsletter that have not yet made a purchase from you.\nWhen does a customer become \"idle\"?\nWe calculate the date for becoming idle as 3x the average rate at which customers currently make repeat purchases in your store.\nWhy haven't my abandoned cart emails sent out?\nIf you're seeing that some carts have been abandoned, it is likely that we haven't yet captured any \"recoverable\" carts for you. We define a cart as recoverable when we can identify the prospective customer\u2019s e-mail address. We'll collect this through the checkout page, a newsletter signup form, or if the customer is logged in to your store.\nWhy do I see a $0.00 abandoned cart?\nWhen a customer leaves their email address, we capture it right away in case they go on to abandon a cart. If they don't abandon a cart (for example, they just came and signed up for your newsletter) we'll still have them logged under all carts.\nCan I have more than three emails in my abandoned cart campaign?\nNo, we currently limit abandoned cart campaigns to a maximum of three emails.\nCan abandoned cart emails be sent out after less than one hour?\nNo, one hour is the minimum delay.\nWhy isn't my widget appearing after I added the code to my template?\nMake sure that you've replaced the 'slug' in the snippet of code with the slug found in your widget setup page. We use the placeholder slug \"My-Cool-Widget\" in our setup guides, but this won't add your widget to the page.\nCan I exclude a product from appearing in recommendations/search/reviews?\nYou can exclude products from search, recommendations, and review requests in your account here: https://app.conversio.com/products", "Theft & Other Property Crimes\nWisconsin criminalizes several acts against property. Some of these crimes are considered serious felonies and can result in many years behind bars if convicted of them.\nThe potential penalty is usually based on the value of the property that is stolen and the circumstances surrounding the theft. If you are facing charges for a property offense, it is important to contact an experienced criminal defense lawyer for assistance. To schedule a confidential consultation, call Hogan Eickhoff in Appleton at (920) 450-9800.FREE CONSULTATION\nTheft vs. Fraud\nMany acts of theft involve some type of fraud, which is defined as knowingly concealing a fact or misrepresenting the truth, inducing another person into acting in a way against his or her own interest. Crimes based on fraud are usually non-violent in nature.\nTheft involves intentionally taking someone else\u2019s property, using the property, or keeping possession of another individual\u2019s property without the owner\u2019s consent, coupled with the intent to permanently deprive the owner of the property. Theft may or may not involve fraud, depending on the circumstances.\nFraud crimes can be charged as a felony or a misdemeanor offense, depending on the value of the property. Often, the victim asks for restitution from the wrongdoer, which is awarded at the time of sentencing unless the defendant asks for a restitution hearing.\nRetail theft is shoplifting or taking property belonging to a store out of the store without paying for it. Removing anti-theft devices or using a device to try to block these devices is also considered retail theft. The potential penalty depends on the value of the merchandise, based on the following parameters:\n- Property valued at less than $500 \u2013 A Class A misdemeanor\n- Property valued under $5,000 \u2013 A Class I felony\n- Property valued under $10,000 \u2013 A Class H felony\n- Property valued over $10,000 \u2013 A Class G felony\nIdentity theft occurs when you use someone else\u2019s personal identification document or information to get something of value. Personal identifying information includes obviously confidential things l", "My last post, which explained what I actually do as a language assistant in Reunion, was intended to follow shortly after la rentr\u00e9e (the return to school at the end of January after the lengthy summer holidays). Alas, by the time I got round to writing it on Sunday 8th, only a week of school remained before the next holiday. Yes, another holiday, this one of two weeks, has begun\u2026\nFifty Shades of Mediocre\nThe weekend before last we went to see 50 Shades of Grey at the cinema, or rather \u201850 Nuances de Grey\u2019, because this is France and the film was dubbed into French. I know that for many people, going to see 50 Shades of Grey is an indefensible act, for several reasons. It is common knowledge that the film is not exactly a great piece of film-making. Personally, I felt slightly uneasy at participating in the sort of popular cultural phenomenon that I often try to avoid.\nBut the general context made it more than acceptable \u2013 a group outing with a few other teachers from my coll\u00e8ge and some other assistants \u2013 and it was a fun outing. And it was the first time that I had been to the cinema here, an activity that I usually enjoy regularly. As for the film itself\u2026 well, it was alright. The first half was slow and boring, the second half vaguely erotic. All in all, it wasn\u2019t particularly entertaining and it wasn\u2019t particularly shocking.\nCall Me Maybe\nThere were also huge storms here the weekend before last, with torrential rain, I mean really torrential. Il pleuvait des cordes. I won\u2019t exaggerate and say it was a cyclone, because technically it was only a \u2018Moderate Tropical Storm\u2019. But the rain was something else. There was widespread flooding, and the weather was so extreme that school was cancelled on Monday. The rainy season had definitely delivered.\nThe extreme rainfall was enough to draw the attention of national French news, and there was chaos in some places, with the infamous route du littoral closed after rocks had fallen onto the road from the cliffs above. I managed to get drenched twice by sudden showers, going to or from bus stops, in the days before the storm truly hit. And as with \u201ctorrential\u201d, I mean what I say \u2013 I really got absolutely drenched.\nThis was all very well, until I realised on the second occasion that the water had claimed everything, including my mobile phone. After lengthy recovery efforts, the phone seems to work again, just without the screen, which remains black. But I can hear the phone turn on, and I can remember the right keys to navigate the start screen and type in the entry code\u2026 so I could still make a call if I really need. Texts, missed calls and voicemail are out of the window though. My famous old UK pay-as-you-go blackberry finally died in December, so I have no back-up. It\u2019s far from ideal of course, but at this point in proceedings I\u2019m not going to waste time or money finding a new handset for the sake of 8 weeks. That\u2019s right, just eight wee", "What type of styles does the salon specialize in for special days", "of decorations and customized administrations are reviving differentiators with every one of our visitors.\nAt our Airport Mansion, Nedumbassery\u2026all rooms are spacious and attached bathroom. For modern conveniences of the guests\u2019, our hotel includes internet connectivity, laundry facility, satellite television, coffee & Tea, mini bar, fully air conditioned around the hotel premises and other services as per the requirements.\nWe are providing all kind of accommodations as per the tourist affordability. Always here for our valuable guests to offer special rooms on maximum discount prices in Nedumbassery.\nOne of the best hotels in the town which provides the special arrangements for corporate and business guest. If you have already spent your precious time with us and want to stay again in our hotel that\u2019s a great compliment for our hotel.\nIf you want to know about the previous guests who have stayed at the Airport Mansion, Nedumbassery\u2026you are at correct place. We at RevTripHotels are always hear about your stay and share your experience and valuable feedback with us", "ks to go.\nRihanna, Kanye West and some guy\nMy last class before the holiday was definitely one to remember. I was using various photos on the projector to facilitate discussion with my coll\u00e8ge class, including one of Barack Obama. Some of the students explained to me who he is and why he is important, before one of the slightly less enthusiastic ones piped up (in French obviously)\u2026\n\u201cJe l\u2019aime pas.\u201d [I don\u2019t like him]\n\u201cParce qu\u2019il est anglais.\u201d [Because he\u2019s English]\nI explained that Obama is not English, but American, and that the difference is quite important.\nA couple of other students then told me that they thought that England and the United States was the same thing.\nI promptly gave all the students involved a stern dressing down in my best French, explaining categorically how there was a great deal of absolutely essential difference between England and America. Okay, I didn\u2019t give them a stern dressing down (I just explained nicely), but I wanted to. I like America and Americans, but the difference between our two great countries has always been important to me. And one of the first things the children do, and at great length, when they start to learn English at coll\u00e8ge, is to learn about exactly what and where the United Kingdom is, so they should have an idea.\nMeanwhile, poor old Sir Paul McCartney, arguably one of our greatest national treasures, has been taking quite a beating in my classes. In the same exercise, I\u2019ve also been using a photo from the seemingly universal hit song \u2018FourFive Seconds\u2019, a collaboration between Rihanna, Kanye West and Sir Paul McCartney. For all the students, whether at coll\u00e8ge at lyc\u00e9e, the song is by Rihanna, Kanye West and \u201csome guy\u201d or \u201ca man\u201d. Of course, I don\u2019t expect these kids to know his name; he is from a different generation and he plays a background role on this track really. But still, my heart sinks a little every time for poor old Paul. Luckily, everyone has heard of The Beatles.\nVoyage au bout d\u2019un livre\nAn immense feeling of relief as I finally finished a book that I had been reading on and off for at least two years. Reading Voyage au bout de la nuit, Louis-Ferdinand C\u00e9line\u2019s 1932 masterpiece, was intended to be a side project during my final year at university, after one of our teachers during my year abroad recommended it as, well, the best.\nBut it was quite a challenge, for beyond the 500 pages of small typeface lies a world of darkness and desperate pessimism which makes it hard to digest. What\u2019s more, C\u00e9line\u2019s writing is complex and often philosophical, whilst his style is conversational and incorporates a lot of slang and expressions of the time, making some passages very difficult to understand. Despite it all, by the end of it I felt like I had read something truly extraordinary. I would highly recommend the book, but be warned, it won\u2019t be an easy read.\nAnd now I\u2019m free to read the many other books on my \u2018to read\u2019 list", "serve\u2019s stress tests for banks, I was linked to a Bloomberg.com story.\nFirst question: If newspapers are so great and web sites are so bad, why are you reading Slate? Second, how great is it that Slate can excerpt the best bits from all those sites and not have to have you waste your time going to all of them? Third, If three of those newspapers croak (which they won't), maybe Slate will have enough ad revenue to hire one of the reporters to write the column from top to bottom (this is an overcapacity issue, after all).\nWe clearly can\u2019t depend on a handful of Web rewrite people to provide meaty stories about local politicians on the take, widespread killings in Darfur or how a famous Wall Street firm died.\nNo. But there will always be a market for that stuff, and someone will provide it. Small, lean online operations can cover some of the local news, and major global news organizations like Reuters (which is doing fine) and AP can cover a lot of the geopolitical stuff. We don't need hundreds of White House reporters. 25 can probably get the job done (and their stuff can be syndicated). There won't be as much coverage of Darfur, perhaps, but there's too much for you to read as it is."]}