{"q_indices": [12, 23, 84, 50, 123, 71, 0, 85, 86, 69, 125, 20, 83, 14, 26, 47, 1, 119, 121, 99, 13, 32, 34, 65, 105, 79, 24, 115, 91, 61, 4, 7, 35, 48, 107, 22, 80, 16, 93, 15, 41, 51, 10, 87, 43, 30, 49, 77, 75, 76, 29, 81, 98, 33, 67, 63, 126, 53, 120, 104, 58, 9, 37, 109], "a_indices": [127, 110, 40, 36, 122, 97, 55, 8, 25, 102, 44, 111, 2, 62, 60, 59, 116, 92, 18, 17, 66, 74, 6, 96, 108, 73, 5, 11, 28, 113, 19, 54, 117, 31, 38, 42, 72, 90, 100, 94, 124, 56, 89, 21, 3, 118, 106, 112, 68, 103, 46, 82, 52, 57, 114, 78, 64, 70, 39, 95, 45, 101, 88, 27], "texts": ["What age must a person be to enter this site", "What event will the Sharps and Flats Club be celebrating and how many years has it been since its establishment", "EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT\nOFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET\nWASHINGTON, D.C. 20503\nJuly 12, 2011\nSTATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY\nH.R. 2018 \u2013 Clean Water Cooperative Federalism Act\n(Rep. Mica, R-FL, and 39 cosponsors)\nThe Administration strongly opposes H.R 2018 because it would significantly undermine the Clean Water Act (CWA) and could adversely affect public health, the economy, and the environment.\nUnder the CWA, one of the Nation\u2019s most successful and effective environmental laws, the Federal Government acts to ensure safe levels of water quality across the country through the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Since the enactment of the CWA in 1972, the Federal Government has protected the waterways our citizens depend on by using its checks and balances authority to review and adjust key State water pollution control decisions, where necessary, to assure that they reflect up to date science, comply with the law, and protect downstream water users in other States. H.R. 2018 would roll back the key provisions of the CWA that have been the underpinning of 40 years of progress in making the Nation\u2019s waters fishable, swimmable, and drinkable.\nH.R. 2018 could limit efforts to safeguard communities by removing the Federal Government\u2019s authority to take action when State water quality stan", "What Fred Wilpon told The New Yorker doesn't matter. It matters like a team that is 20 games out needs to set a postseason rotation. It matters like a guy on The Titanic needed to figure out how to survive The Great Depression. It mattered like calling the right play for the Washington Generals matters.\nThis will be a relic of Fred Wilpon's very late career as owner of the New York Mets. There's no realistic financial path forward for him.\nLet's stipulate the following: no one can predict the future. But when the Mets were in fourth place on September 1 of last year, 13 games out, no one treated it like a coin flip whether they'd make the playoffs or not. It wasn't going to happen, in all likelihood. And it didn't.\nAnyone who tries to tell you the Wilpons don't face the same kind of odds to hold onto this team, be it Fred Wilpon or anyone else, shouldn't be taken seriously. Let's be clear: if the long-discussed minority owner is found to give the Wilpons (or more accurately, Sterling Equities), that is reported to be, best-case, $200 million. With losses expected to be $70 million this year, a $22 million debt balloon payment due on Citi Field in June, and $25 million due back to Major League Baseball by the end of the season, that leaves around $85 million over, assuming no other expenses, planning for 2012 losses, or the next debt balloon payment on Citi Field.\nBut let's say the Wilpons hold onto that entire $85 million, and apply it toward the lawsuit they face from the Trustee for the Bernie Madoff victims, Irving Picard.\nPicard wants $1 billion. That's a lot more than $85 mil", "What factor is crucial for Florida's running game to succeed early in their matchup against Florida State", "After a very long and demoralizing losing streak, supporters of marriage equality have recently experienced a string of victories so sudden and dramatic that it has their heads spinning. Just yesterday, the Minnesota House passed a bill that would make it the 12th state to legalize same-sex marriage. The vote came while the ink was still drying on Delaware\u2019s landmark new marriage equality law, which followed on the heels\u2014five days!\u2014of a similar milestone in Rhode Island. Up until last November, supporters had tasted defeat on 33 state-level measures.\nBut after Election Day, change was in the wind. Voters in Maine, Minnesota, Washington, and Maryland came down firmly on the side of same-sex marriage. You could credit folks like Ellen DeGeneres and NFL punter Chris Kluwe and basketball star Jason Collins\u2014and even a few die-hard Republicans such as Dick Cheney, who has come out in favor of marriage equality\u2014for helping bring about the rapid cultural shift. And no doubt that\u2019s a big part of it. But there\u2019s one force, perhaps greater than any other, that shouldn\u2019t be underestimated: the Mormon church\u2019s political surrender on gay marriage.\nIt\u2019s remarkable what has happened in the marriage fight since the Mormons decided to abandon it. Consider that the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints was the single biggest funder and organizer of the 2008 campaign to pass California\u2019s Proposition 8, which banned same-sex marriage in one of America\u2019s most liberal states. The church is estimated to have directed at least $20 million to that effort, along with significant organizing clout. Documents unearthed by activist Fred Karger showed that the Mormons had 77 people working full time at the church\u2019s Salt Lake City headquarters to get Prop. 8 passed.\nThe church, in fact, had been a crucial (if not always visible) player since the 1990s, when it helped fend off efforts to legalize same-sex marriage in Hawaii and California. As far back as 1996, high-ranking LDS officials were coordinating behind the scenes and raising hundreds of thousands of dollars to orchestrate what became the first state-level vote to ban gay marriage in Hawaii. Top church officials were also heavily involved in the creation of the National Organization for Marriage (NOM), the primary player over the last decade in the fight to outlaw gay unions.\nBut after the Mormon involvement in Prop. 8 was fully exposed, the backlash was severe\u2014and apparently unexpected. The church became a target for public protests, and lost a considerable number of members who were unhappy with its involvement in a political issue that had caused individual LDS families a lot of grief. In the campaign\u2019s aftermath, a top church leader even apologized to gay church members for the pain they\u2019d suffered.\nThis is not to say that the Mormons have had a change of heart about gay marriage. The church is still adamantly opposed to it. On April 6, during the LDS\u2019s annual conference, Boyd Packer, who is next in line to assume the church\u2019s top leadership post, warned, \u201cWe need to be careful of the tolerance\ntrend trap, so that we do not get swallowed up in it. The permissiveness afforded by the weakening of the laws of the land to tolerate and legalize immorality does not reduce the serious spiritual consequence that is the result from a violation of God\u2019s law of Chastity.\u201d\nThat said, the church seems to have returned to focusing on homosexuality as a personal issue rather than a political one. After years of working behind the scenes, hiring lobbyists, and mobilizing its members to fight state referendums sympathetic to same-sex marriage, it appears to have simply dropped the rope. \u201cIn the other four states last year that had marriage, you didn\u2019t see the Mormon church anywhere,\u201d says Kevin Nix, spokesman for the LGBT advocacy group, Human Rights Campaign.\nJanet Wallis is the mother of lesbian married daughters who has been working with a group called Minnesotans United for All Families, at", "Today\u2019s sad news that Junior Seau has died at the age of 43 is another tragic story about the star-crossed San Diego Chargers of 1994, a Super Bowl team that has now seen eight of its players die before reaching the age of 45.\nSix months ago we noted that linebacker Lew Bush had died of an apparent heart attack, only six days after his 42nd birthday, making him, at the time, the seventh member of that team to die. Defensive lineman Shawn Lee died last year of a heart attack at 44. Defensive lineman Chris Mims died in 2008 of complications from having an enlarged heart at age 38. Offensive lineman Curtis Whitley died in 2008 of a drug overdose at age 39. Linebacker Doug Miller died in 1998 after he was struck by lightning, at age 28. Running back Rodney Culver died in 1996 in the crash of ValuJet Flight 592, at a", "What are the challenges facing Florida State's quarterback Wyatt Sexton based on his performance at home versus on the road", "re. All persons depicted herein were at least 18 years of age.\n2257 Contact US Home\nContent removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.\u00a9 2015 Shenyezg.co", "What amenities are provided in the accommodations mentioned in the text segment", "What is the purpose of the monthly session mentioned in the text", "first to defeat an anti-gay-marriage amendment last November, and more recently to support the legislation the Minnesota House just passed. One of her daughters used to live in Utah and worked on the 2002 Olympic Committee with Mitt Romney, so she\u2019s well acquainted with the church\u2019s role in LGBT politics. During the marriage fights in Minnesota, she kept wondering where the Mormons were. Catholics have been \u201cso VERY, VERY visible\u201d during these battles, she told me via email, but \u201cthere have been no articles, no news stories, not a peep publicly re: being Mormon and how to vote.\u201d\nLast year in Maryland, the church even went so far as to squelch an effort by some Mormons to organize against a pro-marriage initiative on the state ballot. The loss of the church as an ally has been a huge blow to foes of gay marriage, especially given its ability to deploy a host of motivated volunteers. (The efficiency of the LDS church during natural disasters has been compared to that of the German Wehrmacht.)\nIf nothing else, the movement against gay marriage has lost a significant source of cash. In March, the Huffington Post reported that a scant 16 Utah residents (a rough proxy for Mormons) had donated a collective total of $1,264 to four state ballot committees fighting same-sex marriage bills. Back in 2008, more than 800 Utah residents gave $2.7 million to support Prop 8.\nKarger, the California activist who helped call attention to the church\u2019s Prop. 8 role, believes that without the Mormons\u2019 money and organizing clout, the fight has been left to a handful of extremely conservative Catholic groups such as the Knights of Columbus and NOM, none of which has much in the way of grassroots organizing skills. Indeed, a whopping 90 percent of NOM\u2019s funding comes from only about 10 individuals. According to the most recent IRS filings available, it raised nearly $3 million less in 2011 than it did in 2010, a reduction of about one-third. In 2012, according to Human Rights Campaign, gay marriage proponents in four states considering marriage bills outraised NOM by $20 million.\nWhile NOM used the specter of legalization in Rhode Island to raise money, it had a poor showing in the state. The rabidly anti-gay group Mass Resistance complained bitterly, calling NOM \u201cclueless and ineffective,\u201d and noting, \u201cNOM did no serious organizing or strategic planning. Meetings with activists would be set up, then go unattended.\u201d That\u2019s the sort of thing that would never happen if the LDS church had been on board.\n\u201cNOM has always been a shell group, the purpose of which was to funnel money from a shadowy handful of funders directed by the Mormon and Catholic hierarchy,\u201d says Evan Wolfson, the founder and president of Freedom to Marry. \u201cNow that the Mormon hierarchy seems to have pulled back, it exposes the weakness and lack of any real grassroots depth in the opposition.\u201d\nThe pullback of the LDS church may also have the unexpected effect of allowing more Republican elected officials to back marriage equality without fear of suffering at the polls. (Mormons are among the country\u2019s most reliable Republican voters.) Republicans in Rhode Island and Delaware were a key factor in marriage advocates\u2019 success, says HRC\u2019s Nix.\nWolfson is cautiously optimistic. He thinks it\u2019s too soon to know whether the LDS church has unilaterally withdrawn from the marriage fight or whether this is just a temporary cease-fire: \u201cIn 2012, part of their tactical reason for pulling back was to avoid any muddying the waters for Romney. That was a higher priority for them than even attacking gay people.\u201d\nBut it would be fair to say that the gay-marriage supporters are thrilled with the rapid about-face. \u201cIt\u2019s a new day in the fight for marriage equality, with one victory after another,\u201d Karger says. \u201cI\u2019m convinced that all these wins would not be possible if the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints had not finally abandoned its 15-year battle to demonize all LGBT Americans.", "Which Central American countries participated in the robot olympics hosted by First Global", "What is the duration of the Master\u2019s in Theological Ethics degree at the University of Aberdeen", "What potential risks does H.R. 2018 pose to public health, the economy, and the environment", "What sizes are available for the dress featuring a side cut out and geometric style beading", "What were the results of recent compliance checks related to underage drinking in Aroostook County", "nking, while providing opportunities for socially relevant research.\nResponsibilities vary according to position, but may include working on Extra! (our award-winning magazine), CounterSpin (our nationally syndicated radio program), research, Web support, media-monitoring and administrative tasks. Skills useful in meeting these tasks include word-processing, data entry, electronic communications, on-line research and public speaking.\nInterns work at FAIR's office in New York City for a minimum of 12 hours per week during the school year and 15 hours per week in the summer or intercession. Students who wish to obtain course credit will have our full cooperation in meeting institutional requirements.\nFAIR internship applications are accepted on a rolling basis until all positions are filled.", "FAIR has openings each semester for volunteer student interns interested in media research, publicity, magazine and radio production. Interns have opportunities to develop writing, research and public relations skills, and to acquire broad knowledge of both corporate and independent media.\nStudents with an educational background in the social sciences, particularly political science, will benefit greatly from an internship with FAIR. Other students well suited to this work come from public administration and journalism programs.\nEach intern is assigned to a specific staff member who will supervise his or her work, and establish educational goals based on the intern's interests and abilities. FAIR interns are exposed to an atmosphere of well-informed individuals who stimulate analytical thi", "By Times staff writers\nPublished November 20, 2004\n5 KEYS FOR FLORIDA\n1. HIT THE GROUND RUNNING: Florida State has the nation's No. 1 run defense while the Gators have the top rusher in the SEC, Ciatrick Fason. Backup DeShawn Wynn is expected to return from a strained groin that kept him out for two games, and Skyler Thornton has played well in Wynn's absence. Florida must rely on those three to get its running game going early. When the Gators have been successful this season, the running game has been a big part of the equation.\n2. HOLD THE LEAD: Florida has lost three games this season in the final minutes and lost last season to the Seminoles in the final minute. No lead will be safe with FSU in its stadium.\n3. HOPE CHRIS RIX REMAINS ON THE SIDELINE: The quarterback has been a thorn in the Gators' side, engineering a late winning drive and having some of his best games against them. So you have to wonder if he has gotten into their psyches. If Rix comes in and has immediate success, who knows?\n4. THE OFFENSIVE LINE: It has been the most steady unitbut hampered by penalties at key moments. With Florida State's stellar defense, center Mike Degory and company have to stay away from the flags, give Chris Leak time to throw and Fason and Wynn room to run. Degory said he expects this to be the line's toughest test. It's an exam the players have to pass. If they can't protect and open the holes, it will be a long night for the Gators.\n5. STAY COOL: There is a lot of emotion surrounding this game. Their coach has been fired. The Gators haven't won in Tallahassee since 1986. This game is highly charged anyway because of the intrastate rivalry, but Florida can't get caught up", "What are the main activities and features of the fundraiser event taking place on June 4", "t.\n5:00 pm - 2:00 pm | Join your Tribe for Men for our annual camping\u2026\n5:00 pm - 2:00 pm | CLICK HERE TO VIEW MORE AND REGISTER FOR MENSCHFEST!Escape\u2026\n9:15 am - 10:15 am |", "What themes does John Mayer explore in his album CONTINUUM", "What is the theme of the world's first robotic olympic held in Washington DC", "What significant change occurred in the political involvement of the Mormon church regarding same-sex marriage after the controversy surrounding Proposition 8 in California", "I need to sort an arraylist that contains a list of individual object. Each individual object contains an arraylist of addresses. Could someone suggest what design pattern is suitable to perform the sorting?\nKyle, Unfortunately, this is what I am doing. Since I don't know the list size until runtime, I use nested vectors. The outer one contains a list of individual (last name, first name, date of birth,...), and the nested one contains a list of addresses(current address, previous address, ...). You indicated my code is smell. Could you give me some suggestions or point me to the document where I can clean it up.\nFor the sorting, I had a class that implements comparator and used Collections.sort(List, Comparator) method to perform the sort. My pseudo code for the compare() method 1. Compare last name, first name, date of birth,... for the outer vector. 2. If decision cannot be made (they are all equals) then a. Sort the inner lists (the address vectors) b. Loop through the list and compare street num, street name, city, ...\nWhat I am asking is the design pattern. Do you know any design pattern I can apply? Thanks in advance.\nJoined: Aug 10, 2001\nJoey, your question isn't quite clear to me. Which are you sorting? The list of individuals, the list of addresses of each individual or both?\nJoined: Apr 20, 2001\nKyle, It is both. I have a master list that contains many individuals. Each individual, in turn, can contain zero or more addresses. I would like to sort the master list. Master List 1------>* Individual 1------>* addresses\nIndividual contains last name, first name, middle name, gender, da", "What was the significance of the celebration held in Baltimore following the Ravens' victory in Super Bowl XLVII", "t registration! Do not forget to save this site as your bookmark, so you can quickly download your favorite mp3 tracks!\n- Beemp3s recommends you new hits every week and lists the greatest tracks from popular to indie, hiphop, across all styles etc.\n- Tracks can be searched by Beemp3s in labels of name, performer, and record. You may also search the guitar, piano, live features of one's favorite songs.\nUse search form on this page to search mp3 for Free Download. Enjoy Here!", "Business Pundit has a post today about a new auction site named jittery.\nOne thing BusinessPundit mentions is that the new site will have a\n\"Buy Offer\" feature, which I believe gave him the idea in the first place. Basically, instead of buyers competing over an item and raising the price, buyers specify what they want to buy, which features are important, what prices they want to pay, and sellers compete to give them the best deal.\nI am extremely skeptical that this would work. As background, I ran the marketplace portion of Mercata, that similarly tried to bring a different, more buyer focused model to table and failed fairly spectacularly. We found that you can be as innovative as you want, but you need a lot of traffic to your site, and building such traffic takes a lot of time or a lot of money or both. You also need to provide a value proposition for both buyers AND sellers.\nA LOT of people have tried some sort of reversal of the auction process, where buyers specify the goods they want and sellers bring them to the table, bidding against each other (ie lower and lower prices) to get the business. FreeMarkets made some hay with this in the B2B world, but from the beginning the auctions were never really the money maker, but were a Trojan horse for supply chain consulting, which helps to explain why they merged with Ariba.\nThe only people to make this model work in the consumer area is Priceline. However, what most people fail to realize about Priceline is that it fulfilled a real business need for SELLERS, even more than for buyers.\nAirlines have a classic fixed cost pricing problem. They want to sell as many tickets at a high price as possible, but an incremental passenger costs them nothing, so if the plane is not full, getting even $50 for a passenger to fill an empty seat at the last minute is profitable to them. The problem is somehow offering the $50 fare only to the passenger who would not fly otherwise, and not cannibalizing the customers who are willing to pay $300.\nThe problem is, if they offer the $50 fare to anyone, they can't hide the fact very well. The airline industry, as most know, have very transparent computer systems that let everyone know their prices on every route every minute of the day. If an airline cuts prices on a route, everyone knows - so that competitors can match the cut immediately and customers can switch from the higher to lower fairs. Airlines protect themselves somewhat with limited availability of certain fares and advanced purchase requirements - so that people, particularly business travelers, who need to maintain flexibility, have a reason to pay higher fares.\nHowever, advanced purchase requirements were not providing enough protection. What airlines really wanted was a way to cut fares for one person who might not have flown otherwise, and let no one else see them do it. And Priceline was the answer. Yes, airlines had to tell the Priceline computers what the lowest bid they would accept from a customer for a flight was, but this did not consti", "What was the final score of the match between Nowra and Shellharbour City Suns", "What financial challenges are the Wilpons facing regarding the ownership of the New York Mets and their ability to afford players like Jose Reyes", "-time winner of the Defcon Social Engineering Capture The Flag, and has placed in the top three of the attack portion in every year of the contest's existence. He is principal partner at Tactical Intelligence, and a security analyst for JL Bond Consulting. Mr. MacDougall started in the computer security field in 1989 as a penetration tester with KPMG, and worked on the attack side of the field until 2002, when he joined ID Analytics, the world's largest anti-identity theft detection company as the head of information security. In 2011, he left the firm to start his own company. Mr. MacDougall has presented at several security conferences, including Black Hat Abu Dhabi, Black Hat EU, BSides Las Vegas, DerbyCon, LASCON, and ToorCon. He is currently doing research in the areas of integrating near-realtime OSINT into IDS/SIEM, as well as the generation of a realtime pre-text generator", "What types of funding opportunities are available for prospective Master's and doctoral students", "What are some of the author's favorite bullets for their hunting rifles", "How old was Junior Seau when he died, and how many players from the 1994 San Diego Chargers team have died before the age of 45", "What will participant Shane MacDougall teach in this hands-on course for penetration testers/attackers", "critical.\nScreen shots made it possible for Glen Ridge Middle to punish Amber's bully.\n\"Call the school let us know, we're trained in it so many times, the parents are throwing their hands in the air they don't know what to do,\" said Glenn.\nAnd that brings us to being a parent overwhelmed by the swarm of social media. Can you stop bullying before it starts?\n\"When my oldest one was five or six there weren't iPods or iPads. Now it's all Instagram, Vine and Kik chat, there's a bunch of things,\" said Beth Granchi, a mom who must keep track of for her four kids ages seven to 16.\nLocal 6 set Granchi up to meet with tech expert Amy Jantzer who is Senior Vice President at Echo.\nJantzer explained three important options for monitoring social media.\nOne if your an Apple user, iOS7 has brand new restrictions.\n\"You can literally block calls, texts, or FaceTime messages from them,\" said Jantzer.\nSecond have your family \"friend\" your child.\n\"It takes a village to raise a child so if you can involve extended family. Kids are more likely to friend their cousin than their mom,\" said Jantzer.\nAnd third set up a HootSuite account and use it as a clearing house to monitor your child's social media activity.\n\"Mom could log in and see their Instagram feed, their Facebook feed, their Twitter feed all in one place for a time saver,\" said\nLinda Glenn, Beth Granchi and Amy Jantzer all agree the most important thing to remember is communication. Amber told me she's very thankful her mother took her seriously and listened to her.\nGranchi says she believes all the monitoring in the world can never replace a good conversation with your kids.\nCopyright 2013 by ClickOrlando.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.", "What does Beemp3s offer in terms of audio and MP3 downloads", "\"With any trilogy,\" says John Mayer, \"the third in the series blows it open.\"\nOn CONTINUUM the singer/songwriter/guitar slinger meets that challenge head-on. Mayer's third studio album marks his first turn as producer. It is his most soulful, cohesive collection yet and he says it's no accident that this project is where all of his efforts, his potential, and his disparate influences fully come together. He has collaborated with icons and contemporaries alike - Eric Clapton, B.B. King, Buddy Guy, and Herbie Hancock, as well as Kanye West, the Dixie Chicks, and Alicia Keys. In doing so, Mayer says his own interests have grown and his perspectives expanded.\nMayer also credits his collaboration with Steve Jordan and Pino Palladino (collectively known as the John Mayer Trio) with helping to recalibrate his musical priorit", "Dubai sports cover an extraordinary spectrum, considering the desert location. Even, amazingly, a sizeable snow dome, with an even grander one planned. Dubai sports can mean anything from top golf courses, to dune bashing, horse and camel racing and more \u2013 Dubai is truly one of the world\u2019s top leisure, sport and recreational destinations.\nDuba", "ORLANDO, Fla. - The suicide of 12-year-old Rebecca Sedwick and the arrests of her accused bullies have left many parents wondering how to protect their children in an online world where anonymity emboldens teens to say anything.\nAnd now, an Orange County teen hopes sharing her story will help parents and protect other teens.\nWhat should have been a care-free summer for 13-year-old Amber Glenn ended with one text, an anonymous Kik message demanding explicit photos.\n\"If not they would spread rumors about how I did inappropriate things with guys,\" explained Glenn.\n\"It was very offensive, very vulgar, very offensive,\" said her mom Linda Glenn.\nAnd it didn't stop with there.\nAmanda says her tormentors turned to Instagram to spread those hateful messages.\n\"My ultimate fear was years from now, a college looks for her or even now if a parent needs a babysitter,\" said Glenn.\nBut mom acted quickly. She called police, turned over screen grabs of all of the messages and called her daughter's school.\n\"I was taken aback when they called and told me the first day of school they were handling it and weren't going to let it get out of hand,\" said Glenn.\n\"It's exploding,\" said Earl Green, Area Director for Orange County Public Schools who deals with crime and punishment on campus.\nHe says cyberbullying especially among girls is rampant, vicious and isolating.\n\"N one is going to talk to you it's just, it builds and if its on the internet it must be true,\" said Green.\nBut thanks to a new law that went into effect in July if bullying happens off campus, but can be proven to affect the child's education the school can take action.\n\"They have to document it all, put a safe plan in place, and by law call both sets of parents,\" said Green.\nBut it's the proof that's", "What did I finish and send to California", "ies. \u201cIf it wasn't for the Trio, CONTINUUM would have been less accessible. It let me settle up with my needs as a musician, and get to a point somewhere between the Trio record and ROOM FOR SQUARES - and that's a really good place to be.\"\nUltimately, CONTINUUM represents maturity, both musically and thematically, for John Mayer \u2013 a concept that he wasn't comfortable with until now. \"A lot of these songs are about coming to terms with getting older,\" he says. This edition of CONTINUUM has been updated to include the single, Say\", featured in the feature film \"The Bucket List.\"\nWaiting On The World To Change\nI Don't Trust Myself (With Loving You)\nThe Heart Of Life\nStop This Train\nSlow Dancing In A Burning Room\nBold As Love\nDreaming With A Broken Heart\nI'm Gonna Find Another You\nCurrently, there are no reviews available", "What is the financial situation facing Fred Wilpon and the New York Mets as described in the text", "\u201cThe Wizard of Oz\u201d runs June 6-22 at the Baldwin Theatre, 415 S. Lafayette, Royal Oak. Advance tickets are $20 for Thursday shows, $22 Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays at www.stagecrafters.org (online handling fees apply) or by phone at 248-541-6430. Remaining tickets may be at the box office one hour before performance ($2 more per ticket). Student, military and senior discounts available for specific performances. The Good Witch, Bad Witch Ladies Night Out Fundraiser is 6 p.m. Wednesday, June 4, at Baldwin Theatre. Advance tickets are $30, available at Stagecrafters.org or at 248-541-6430. Patrons attending opening night Friday, June 6, may attend 7 p.m. pre-glow for hors d\u2019oeuvres and beverages hosted by Blackfinn Ameripub of Royal Oak.\nIf you though the movie was spectacular, just imagine staging \u201cThe Wizard of Oz\u201d live on stage.\n\u201cTechnically, it\u2019s one of the harder shows ever, with the set pieces and the flying, but it\u2019s exciting,\u201d says Randall Wrisinger of Royal Oak, who directing the musical for Stagecrafters at Baldwin Theatre in Royal Oak. He has been directing theater for more than 25 years \u2014 the last seven in Michigan \u2014 and previously directed \u201cThe Sound of Music,\u201d a youth theater production of \u201cCinderella\u201d and Irving Berlin\u2019s \u201cWhite Christmas\u201d for Stagecrafters\nHe auditioned 100 youths for this show, casting 15 children ages 8-18 and and 35 adults, plus a dog.\n\u201cI was very lucky \u2014 a member of our cast had a neighbor with a rescued Cairn terrier that looked just like Toto,\u201d Wrisinger said. \u201cHis real name is Jo-Jo \u2014 they work with him, and he and Dorothy have quite a relationship becaase she\u2019s with him all the time.\u201d\nWrisinger\u2019s Dorothy is 15-year-old Gabrielle Phillips of Lake Orion, who acted and sang in Stagecrafters\u2019 \u201cThe Sound of Music\u201d last year.\nIt\u2019s based on the 1939 MGM movie starring Judy Garland. It\u2019s so iconic, some of its lines were voted into \u201cThe 100 Greatest Movie Lines\u201d by Premier magazine in 2007. \u201cPay no attention to the man behind the curtain,\u201d is No. 24.\n\u201cThis is the 75th anniversary of \u2018The Wizard of Oz,\u2019 and we\u2019re doing the Royal Shakespeare version, but it\u2019s exactly like the movie,\u201d Wrisinger says. \u201cThe music is from the movie, the characters are from the movie, and of course the story.\u201d\nStagecrafters is a nonprofit community theater now in its 57th year. Musicians are paid, Wrisinger says, although the cast and technical crew work on a volunteer basis. But everyone strives for a professional level. The show opens on Friday, June 6.\n\u201cWe\u2019ll be ready, but that\u2019s a challenge with the professional effects,\u201d he says. \u201cThe amount of work on the set and the sewing of costumes ... the costume changes are fast, and the makeup people have their work cut out for them. The casrt works so well together, but the technical crew is extraordinatry.\u201d\nA special event connected to this production is the Good Witch, Bad Witch Ladies Night Ou", "Situated in Harrison, Quality Inn Harrison is in the business district.\nQuality Inn Harrison has an outdoor pool and a seasonal outdoor pool. Complimentary wireless and wired high-speed Internet access is available in public areas. Event facilities consist of conference/meeting rooms and small meeting rooms. A complimentary breakfast is available. Additional amenities include laundry facilities, dry cleaning/laundry services, and self parking. Onsite parking is complimentary.\nAmenities in air-conditioned guestrooms at Quality Inn Harrison", "GETTING off to a slow start came back to haunt Nowra on Saturday against Shellharbour City Suns at West Street Oval.\nNowra lost to 14-15-99 to 4-8-32 and again the importance of getting off to a good start was crucial.\nThe Blues went into the first break behind 36-6 and you cannot afford to give a team like Shellharbour that kind of a start.\nNowra did try hard in the second quarter but down 9-8-62 to 3-3-21 at the main break things did not look good for the Blues.\nT", "What emotion did Ray Lewis express towards Baltimore during his speech", "What was Mr. MacDougall's role after he left ID Analytics in 2011", "Who is described as a very promising nude model with a charming face and slender body", "What are some strategies suggested for parents to monitor their children's social media usage and prevent bullying", "What are some projects the author is considering for their next crafting activity", "The 168s seem to be the latest fad. A lot of people get all googly eyed, (me included) by the high BCs of the VLDs, but they are just fragile target bullets. I would go with the 160 AB. The coefficient is still good at .531, and you get the performance of a premium hunting bullet.\nSorry if this post comes off rude, just take it as kind of a 'forewarning'. I used to be on the Berger bandwagon until I saw their flaws in the field. I will say this though, if you're only shooting targets, they work great! They kill paper very, very well.\nArise... Kill, Eat! - Acts 10:13\nI am glad to hear somebody doesnt like em. I hear nothing but good things and I like to hear honest evaluations. Thank you. Hopefully now I do not share the same opinion as you because of all the range hours I have put in on them. I shoot the accubond now and have a great load worked up for them. It did take 400 rounds down range though. I tried like heck and finally got a result.\nArise... Kill, Eat! - Acts 10:13\nThere are failures with just about any bullet design. I have killed a bunch of critters with Accubonds, and really like their performance. It is usually boom, and the game goes down. However, I shot my biggest bull with 200 grain .308 Accubonds, and it took four rounds. At first, I was disappointed with my own marksmanship. Then, during necropsy, it turns out all four punched holes through the lungs, with fairly narrow wound channels. Usually Accubonds leave the lungs in ribbons. I chalked it up to an anomoly, and the fact the bull was 900+ pounds on the hoof.\nEven after that experience, I would use (and have used) Accubonds with confidence. Accubonds have worked as advertized farm more often than this one-time mediocre performance.\nI also had an acquaintance tell me he won't use Accubonds, because he blew one up on the shoulder of a cow, but I suspect it was actually a ballistic tip.\nI certainly", "What are some of the features that enable advanced website management with Abyss Web Server", "in the hype. If it plays tight and falls behind early, the uphill climb might be too much.\n- ANTONYA ENGLISH, Times staff writer\nFIVE KEYS FOR FLORIDA STATE\n1. HOME COOKING FOR SEXTON: Quarterback Wyatt Sexton's performances at home vs. the road have been Jekyll and Hyde-like. In five games at Doak Campbell, he has completed 74 of 107 passes (69 percent) for 895 yards and six touchdowns with just one interception. In four road games, he's 51-of-113 (45 percent) for 602 yards, two scores and six interceptions.\n2. QUICK STRIKE: The Seminoles know the Gators will come out inspired to win for coach Ron Zook, so the best way to deflate them is an early touchdown. But then the Seminoles have scored a touchdown on their opening drive just twice (UAB and North Carolina) and haven't scored a first-half touchdown in their past four games.\n3. CONTAIN THE LEAK: The Seminoles have allowed just six passing touchdowns, but coach Bobby Bowden calls Leak the best quarterback the Seminoles have faced this season. Leak leads the SEC in passing yards per game (270.4) and has thrown 27 touchdowns. He also is a threat to run but uses his mobility more) to buy time.\n4. PHASE OUT FASON: Besides leading the SEC, Fason has nine touchdowns. His play has made Leak's job easier. The Seminoles neutralized him last year (21 yards on eight carries) and need to do that again to make the Gators offense one-dimensional. 5. SHORTEN THE FIELD: Willie Reid provided the biggest boost for a struggling offense last week at North Carolina State with his punt returns. He had six for 108 yards, a healthy average of 18 yards (10 is the goal). Slowed by hamstring and groin injuries, he's as healthy as he has been.", "Adults only!By entering this site, you certify that you are 18 years or older and, if required in the locality where you view this site, 21 years or older, that you have voluntarily come to this site in order to view sexually explicit material. To leave this website click he", "to decide what my next project will be......a crocheted scarf or maybe a prim doll? Hmmmm\nHope everyone is enjoying their summer!!", "agree hunters should use what they are most confident with.\nBTW, I have never had a Barnes TTSX failure ... but I have heard rumors of them failing to open. They have all been quick one-shot kills for me.\nI appreciate the conversation, Elkoholic307.\nTTSX & TSX up to .25, ABs past that. I do have a 2 .25 cal rifles that like 110gr ABs better than the tsx.\nMy favorite bullets in my hunting rifles:\n.280 Rem is the 140gr AB\n.338-06 is the 210gr Partition\nlooks like i'm the only hornady guy on here, I use 165 grain sst's in my 300 wsm and knocked down my elk at over 500 yards. I also use 87 grain btsp in my 25-06 for antelope and coyotes. Then I use 40 grain v max's out of my 22-250\nI'm a little late getting here, but it was an interesting read.\nI'm on the bandwagon with most. My favorite all around bullet is the accubond, but I've had success with bergers also. One thing I found with the bergers in 6mm (87 & 95gr) is that they seldom exit and the animal loses very little blood from a small entrance wound. They did enough damage that the deer fell right in their tracks or close to it, and left very little blood on the ground to contaminate an area with it's scent. It was nice when letting my girlfriend or neighbors take management deer from my stand sites. I had trouble with them punching through coyotes without much damage at longer ranges also. I plan to keep trying 140gr bergers in my 264WM also, but it's accubonds for me in everything else or for anything bigger than deer. I love how fast accubonds open, even using elk weight bullets on coyotes they open fast and deliver shock instead of burning through but they still retain their weight and penetrate. I've never recovered an accubond from something smaller than an elk that I can remember. The accubond is the most consistent and forgiving bullet I've tried.\nLast edited by mcseal2; 07-18-2011 at 09:31 PM. Reason: typo", "What amenities does Quality Inn Harrison offer for guests staying in the air-conditioned guestrooms", "re,\" Lewis said. \"We believed in each other from day one, from 1996 to now.\n\"The only way on my last ride to pay Baltimore back for everything you did for me and all the support you gave to me, was to bring back the Lombardi Trophy to Baltimore one more time. I love you, Baltimore. Baltimore! Forever my city.\"\nReed, an impending free agent with an uncertain future with the team, took the podium next and took a slight jab at the team the Ravens toppled to claim the Lombardi Trophy.\n\"Who's got it better than who?,\" he said in a reference to 49ers head coach Jim Harbaugh's famed team rallying cry of \"Who's got it better than us?\"\nHarbaugh, of course, is the younger brother of Ravens sideline boss John Harbaugh, who wrapped up the festivities by leading the crowd in a team chant after thanking the fans for their support.\n\"Our team, I'm talking about all of us, one of the keys was our determination,\" said Harbaugh. \"We played with incredible determination and resolve. And judging by how hard it was to get into this stadium, I would say that's true about our fans, too. We're on the parade coming down here, and every cranny, every sidewalk is full. Every opening where it opens up, every grassy knoll is packed with Ravens fans. They broke down the barriers behind Ray Lewis and mobbed the streets, right? They filled the streets.\n\"The city's going crazy! For the Ravens! The world champion Baltimore Ravens!\"\nThe celebration began shortly before noon ET at City Hall and continued with a parade through the streets until the team reached M&T Bank Stadium.", "Baltimore, MD (Sports Network) - Ray Lewis danced one final time on the M&T Bank Stadium turf as the city of Baltimore celebrated the Ravens' victory in Super Bowl XLVII with a raucous celebration on Tuesday.\nAn overflow crowd reveled in Sunday's 34-31 victory over the San Francisco 49ers in New Orleans, which gave Baltimore its first title of any kind since the Ravens routed the New York Giants in Super Bowl XXXV back in January of 2001, with thousands of fans lined throughout the city streets and the stadium also showing their appreciation for Lewis as the beloved team icon begins his retirement after a remarkable 17-year run with the organization.\nQuarterback Joe Flacco drew his share of cheers as well for his MVP performance in Sunday's thrilling win, while safety Ed Reed added a little singing to Lewis' trademark \"Squirrel Dance\" out of the entrance tunnel by belting out a rendition of Eddie Money's \"Two Tickets to Paradise\" and leading the familiar chorus of the White Stripes' \"Seven Nation Army\" during the rally.\nStill, the main attraction was undoubtedly Lewis, the franchise's most decorated and recognizable player and the only remaining member from the Ravens' first Super Bowl triumph 12 years ago, as the 37-year-old concluded his self-termed \"last ride.\"\nThe two-time NFL Defensive Player of the Year and Super Bowl XXXV MVP gave plenty of affection back to the city where he spent his entire pro career while addressing the crowd at the rally.\n\"There is nothing in the world, there is no place on this earth, that is better than Baltimo", "What strategy did TWA use to control their pricing in relation to Lowestfare.com when using Priceline", "dards are not protective of public health. In addition, it would restrict EPA\u2019s authority to take action when it finds that a State\u2019s CWA permit or permit program is inadequate and would shorten EPA\u2019s review and collaboration with the Army Corps of Engineers on permits for dredged or fill material. All of these changes could result in adverse impacts to human health, the economy, and the environment through increased pollution and degradation of water bodies that serve as venues for recreation and tourism, and that provide drinking water sources and habitat for fish and wildlife.\nH.R. 2018 would disrupt the carefully constructed complementary CWA roles for EPA, the Army Corps of Engineers, and States in protecting water quality. It also could eliminate EPA\u2019s ability to protect water quality and public health in downstream States from actions in upstream States, and could increase the number of lawsuits challenging State permits. In sum, H.R. 2018 would upset the CWA\u2019s balanced approach to improve water quality across the Nation, risking the public health and economic benefits of cleaner waters.\nIf the President is presented with this legislation, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the bill.\n* * * * * * *\nAssociate Director for Policy Outreach\nWhite House Council on Environmental Quality", "What health issues has Daley faced since 2000, according to the text", "Abyss Web Server Features\nCompact, easy to use and fully compliant to standards\nAbyss Web Server is a compact web server available for Windows, MacOS X and Linux operating systems.\nLow requirements for great performance\nAbyss Web Server does not require huge memory or excessive computing power to run. That's why it can be used without problems even on small or out-dated systems. It performs at least as well as the common web servers available on the market.\nAbyss Web Server features a native 64-bit edition for a maximum performance on modern systems. The installation packages contain both 32-bit and 64-bit editions.\nOn Windows, the 64-bit edition is automatically installed if a 64-bit Windows systems is detected. On Linux, the 64-bit edition is used if a 64-bit operating system is detected.\nAn intuitive web management interface called the console makes the web server configuration as easy as browsing a web site. No need to edit configuration files, the console helps you setting the server parameters in an effortless manner and can be accessed from a local or a remote computer. It is available in many languages such as English, French, Arabic, Chinese, and Spanish.\nAbyss Web Server is based on the APX architecture. APX (which stands for Anti-crash Protection eXtension) was created, here at Aprelium, to make the server crash-proof. If it happens that the software causes a critical error and crashes (which is by the way very improbable), a report will be generated if possible and the server is automatically restarted. The downtime in such a case won't exceed 1 second!\nSecurity is the #1 priority in Abyss Web Server. In addition to its advanced URL decoding engine which rejects malicious and suspicious requests, it features an efficient anti-hacking system which detects at an early stage hacking attempts or denial of service attacks and bans dynamically their originating IP addresses.\nIt is also equipped with an anti-leeching system to automatically prevent other web sites from directly linking to your images or files.\nAbyss Web Server supports the standard eXtended Server Side Includes directives to help you create dynamic HTML pages with the least effort and without requiring the use of a scripting language. Advanced directives such as #if, #elif, #else, #endif, and #set are available to enable flow control as well as variables setting and substitution constructs.\nAbyss Web Server supports the automatic compression of its responses when it dialogs with modern browsers which understand HTTP compression. This contributes to the reduction of bandwidth consumption and makes your sites load faster for most of your visitors.\nAbyss Web Server supports file names and URLs written in any human language.\nAbyss Web Server features a native support for ASP.NET 1.1 as well as 32-bit and 64-bit editions of ASP.NET 2.0, 3.5, 4.0 and 4.5 on Windows NT, 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, Home Server, 2008, 7, 8 and 2012. You can install your ASP.NET applications and ASPX files and start serving them immediately with no performance loss and no incompatibilities issues.\nAbyss Web Server's ASP.NET support is not limited in anyway and can execute small test scripts written in C# or VB.NET as well as large applications which use the advanced capabilities of ASP.NET such as custom web controls, database access, authentication, web services, XML processing, MVC, AJAX, or RIA/Silverlight.\nAbyss Web Server has been specially designed to make using scripts the simplest possible even on Windows platforms.\nThanks to its CGI and ISAPI extensions interfaces, Abyss Web Server supports various scripting languages such as PHP, Perl, \"Classic\" ASP, Python, Ruby, Rebol, and TCL.\nLanguages which interpreters are FastCGI-compatible (such as PHP) will even experience a significant processing speed boost on Abyss Web Server while reducing in the same time your system load.\nWhether you are going to test a simple script or install and run a complex database-driven web application, Abyss Web Server is the best choice in terms of ease of configuration and optimal performance.\nAby", "What tragic event occurred in 2010 involving linebacker Junior Seau", "From Dr. Mike Mawson:\nWe are pleased to announce a new one-year Master\u2019s in Theological Ethics degree at the University of Aberdeen. Aberdeen\u2019s department of Divinity is currently one of the top-ranked theology programs in the UK, and recent appointments in the areas of Systematic Theology and Theological Ethics have further strengthened the department. The Theological Ethics area emphasizes fundamental texts and thinkers in the Christian tradition for engaging contemporary issues and debates. For more information: http://www.abdn.ac.uk/divinity/pgrad/MThTheologicalEthics.shtml\nIf you have questions or are interested in applying to the MTh program feel free to contact Professor Bernd Wannenwetsch, Dr Brian Brock or Dr Michael Mawson. We will be happy to meet with prospective students at the American Academy o", "Why is former Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley currently hospitalized", "You go a wondering, wandering\nStumbling, tumbling, round! round!\nWhen will you find\nWhat's on the tip of your mind?\nWhy are you blind\nTo all you ever were\nNever were, really are, nearly are?\nLittle boy false in search of little boy true\nWill you ever be done traveling\nAlways unraveling you, you?\nRunning away could lead you further astray\nAnd as for fishing in streams for pieces of dreams\nThose p", "How does the sorting mechanism compare different individuals based on their names and addresses", "ss Web Server can act as a reverse proxy to provide content transparently from another Web server behind it (commonly called a back-end server.) The proxied server can be another Web server or an application server with a restricted or even a trivial HTTP support that has to be shielded from external clients.\nReverse proxying is also the recommended way to take advantage of JSP (Java Servlet Pages) and Tomcat/Jetty Web applications.\nAbyss Web Server can run Web applications based on the Ruby on Rails framework. Their execution speed will be optimal thanks to the use of the FastCGI interface.\nInstalling Ruby on Rails has also been made easy on Abyss Web Server: clear instructions and full Ruby + Ruby on Rails packages are provided to make deployment of the framework quick and straightforward.\nYou can configure the total bandwidth that Abyss Web Server is allowed to use when answering the requests. You can also configure the bandwidth that is allowed for every visitor.\nFiner bandwidth control is also available in Abyss Web Server X2 and can be used to configure the allowed bandwidth per file, per directory, or per group of files or directories.\nPassword protecting files or directories has never been easier. You can define users and groups of users and create advanced access rules with a few clicks.\nWith Abyss Web Server, you have a total control over the layout and the look and feel of your directory listings. You can define a template using simple SSI directives or you can write in your preferred programming language your custom directory listing script.\nAbyss Web Server can serve more than one web site from the same computer. This is often called virtual hosting or support for multiple hosts. Each defined host has its specific configuration and is completely independent from other hosts. Virtual hosting is only available in the professional edition Abyss Web Server X2.\nAbyss Web Server supports the SSL and TLS protocols and is able to accept secure connections with strong cryptography (up to 256-bit keys) to protect your visitors' sensitive data from flowing in clear form over the Internet. SSL/TLS support enables you to host E-commerce sites and accept credit card data with the highest level of security available in today's industry standards.\nDeclaring, self-signing, and requesting SSL certificates has never been easier. With Abyss Web Server, you have not to use external tools and type lengthy commands to generate keys, certificates, and CSRs. Every task related to SSL certificates can be carried out using the console (the remote Web configuration interface).\nHave you ever wondered how to have the same site available with http:// and https:// URLs at the same time? With Abyss Web Server, such a setup only requires an extra click when declaring your host. You can even configure it to serve some parts of the site (for example login protected areas) only with https://. In such a case, Abyss Web Server will handle automatically the redirection from the http:// to the https:// URL. Dual hosts support is only available in the professional edition Abyss Web Server X2.\nAbyss Web Server supports both IPv4 and IPv6 Internet protocols for a maximum interoperability with both legacy and modern networks.\nAbyss Web Server includes a URL rewriting engine conforming to industry standards. It can help you hide the complex URLs of your Web applications and make them look more user friendly.\nAlthough URL rewriting is usually considered as an advanced feature, it remains easily controllable in Abyss Web Server through the comprehensible user interface of the console.\nAbyss Web Server can be configured to act as a Windows System Service, MacOS X Startup Item, or Linux daemon. In such a case, you do not have to start it manually. It will be automatically launched immediately after your computer startup, even though no user is logged in, and will operate in the background.\nYou do not need to be a system wizard to make Abyss Web Server operate in this mode. A few clicks (on Windows and MacOS X) on a comprehensible dialog window are sufficient.", "What happened during the final weekend of the 2004 event that affected the couple's vehicles", "HOULTON, Maine \u2014 A compliance check recently conducted in Aroostook County to ensure that businesses that sell alcohol are complying with Maine\u2019s liquor laws produced disappointing news, as nearly half of the establishments targeted were cited by police.\nDeputy Kris Malmbourg of the Aroostook County Sheriff\u2019s Department said earlier this week that 33 establishments, including restaurants and stores, around The County were checked for liquor law compliance as part of the Underage Drinking, Adult Consequences campaign. Of those, 13 were summoned for violations.\nAroostook County was selected last month as one of only four sites in the nation to participate in the underage drinking project sponsored by the U.S. Department of Transportation and National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.\nCommunity Voices, a countywide organization that works to curb substance abuse among youths, was awarded a $325,000 grant, which it is using to work with 11 law enforcement groups on a pilot project to get alcohol out of the hands of minors.\nMalmbourg said the most recent compliance checks were part of the initiative and are being conducted to reduce the number of underage drinkers and the number of underage drinking and driving fatalities in The County. They also are being conducted to deter those who provide alcohol to youths.\nAccording to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, teens are at far greater risk of death in an alcohol-related crash than the overall population, despite the fact that they are below the minimum drinking age in every state. Thirty one percent of 15- to 20-year-old drivers who were killed in crashes nationally in 2006 had been drinking.\nAccording to Maine\u2019s office of substance abuse, a 2008 statewide survey reported that 48.8 percent of Maine students in grades seven through 12 had tried alcohol. Research also has shown that 40 percent of children who begin drinking before age 15 will develop alcohol abuse or dependence at some point in their lives.\nMalmbourg pointed out that 142 people died in Maine from 2006 to 2010 as a result of a crash involving a 15- to 20-year-old driver with a blood alcohol content of 0.01 or above. In 2010 alone, 22 percent of 15- to 20-year-old drivers involved in traffic fatalities in Maine had a blood alcohol content of 0.01 or above.\n\u201cOne careless decision by a young person can end and destroy lives,\u201d Malmborg said. \u201cWe know we have more work to do, but if we got across to just one teen who might have otherwise chosen to drink and drive, we\u2019ve accomplished something and hopefully changed lives. And if we\u2019re able to reduce their access to alcohol, that\u2019s tackling the first part of the problem.\u201d\nAlong with the 13 establishments summon", "his days in Breckenridge Colorado. An artist with several Ullr posters to his name, Scotty loves painting and drawing. Other interests include Skiing, Unicycling the local single-tracks and bike-paths, hiking, and hanging with #1 pal and fan; Kim.", "f Religion meeting (in Chicago in November 2012) or the Society of Christian Ethics meeting (in Chicago in January 2013).\nIn addition, we would be happy to discuss funding options for prospective Master\u2019s and doctoral students. Among other things, there will be doctoral funding in the two following two interdisciplinary collaborations: \u2018Normativity \u2013 Nature, Narrative and Nihilism\u2019 and \u2018Transitional Justice, Peace and Reconciliation.\u2019 We would be interested in supporting Welcome Trust applications for students hoping to work in the area of bioethics. Finally, we are willing to support external funding applications for especially strong proposals. For additional information on funding: http://www.abdn.ac.uk/divinity/pgrad/awards.shtml\nThe University of Aberdeen is a charity registered in Scotland, No SC013683.", "What themes are explored in the poem regarding self-discovery and the search for truth", "What message is conveyed through the lines about Little Boy Blue and his sheep in the lyrics", "What characteristics are commonly mentioned about the bodies of the girls in the text segment", "said Daley has been alert while in the hospital, and has been visited by members of his family. She said has not been told by doctors, even preliminarily, what might have caused Daley to fall ill.\nDaley has been hospitalized at least twice since 2000, when he was examined by doctor after experiencing minor chest pains. Two years later, he and his wife were hospitalized because they were suffering from severe stomach flu.\nDaley was the city\u2019s mayor for 22 years, the most by anyone in city history and a year longer than his father, the legendary Richard J. Daley, who was 74 when he died in 1976 of a heart attack while still in office.\nIn 2010, Richard M. Daley surprised the city when he announced that he would not seek a seventh term. He was succeeded by Rahm Emanuel, the former White House chief of staff who returned to the city to make his successful run for mayor.\nAbout six months after Daley left office, his wife, Maggie, died Thanksgiving Day after a long battle with breast cancer.", "What are some of Scotty's interests aside from painting and drawing", "What was the purpose of the compliance check conducted in Aroostook County", "How did the Blues perform in the final quarter of the match against Shellharbour", "he Blues, particularly in the final quarter, struggled to match the visitors.\nNowra did not kick any goals in final term and the best it could manage was two behinds.\nElwyn Roberts gave Shellharbour a target up front to kick towards and he booted six majors.\nAfter the encounter, Alex Legge, Brad Clark, Jeremiah Lenisaurua and Nick Griffiths received the Nowra match awards.\nThe Blues no doubt will be looking forward to taking on the Demons next week at Tom Smith Oval", "Why does the Administration strongly oppose H.R. 2018", "What legal change took effect in July that allows schools to take action against bullying that originates off campus", "What age were all persons depicted in the content on this website", "What design pattern does the user inquire about for sorting a master list of individuals and their addresses", "What event is the document inviting attendees to register for at the scheduled times", "MP3 music download\nBeemp3s is dedicated to catalog and manage audio that has been officially published online.\nWe have access to free music downloads and greater than a hundred thousand free mp3 downloads all over the internet which makes us one of the greatest audio search engine on the web. Before you obtain it you're able to legally listen to any mp3 record and your mp3 can be posted by you for-free on your own page/profile. Download free mp3, enjoy audio melodies withou", "At the Rabbi\u2019s Table \u2013 June 2017\nWe're continuing a monthly learning session with members of clergy, downtown, each month.\nPlease bring a nosh and join us at 55 -2nd Stree", "ed for noncompliance, the additional road patrols in Aroostook resulted in youth transportation and possession of alcohol citations, as well as citations for adults furnishing a place for minors to consume and alcohol for minors to consume. Other violations not alcohol-related were dealt with as a result of the increased patrols, ranging from driving violations to drug violations, according to Malmbourg.\n\u201cLocal enforcement officials and community partners came together for this campaign, and we believe it was a tremendous success,\u201d he said. \u201cHopefully, the teens in our community now know we will not tolerate underage drinking, and just as importantly, the adults and organizations who provide the alcohol know they also face serious consequences.\u201d\nThis is not the first time that compliance checks have revealed that not all County businesses are enforcing the state\u2019s liquor laws. In March 2011, the Sheriff\u2019s Department oversaw an operation that had minors attempt to buy alcohol at 43 businesses stretching from Macwahoc to Fort Kent.\nTwenty-three of the establishments sold alcohol to the minors and were summoned for the violation, according to Sheriff Jim Madore.\nDuring the summer of 2010 in Caribou, the Police Department selected 12 local businesses where alcohol is served.\nFifty percent of the businesses failed the test and sold the minor alcohol, according to Caribou Chief Mike Gahagan.\nGahagan said at the time that he was stunned by the results, especially since the department offers free responsible beverage training to businesses in the city.\nMichelle Plourde Chasse, Community Voices project manager, said Friday afternoon that she also was disappointed with the results. She noted that compliance checks that were conducted in January revealed an almost 50 percent failure rate. That rate is slightly lower this time.\n\u201cI wish there was a magic button because I would push it,\u201d she said. \u201cWe will continue to offer training twice a year to businesses in this area and we are going to continue with compliance checks.\u201d\nThe project manager said she believes that it would be helpful to immediately list the names of businesses that were summoned in order to let parents and others know that they were cited. But the names have not been released in the past until the cases were settled in court, and Plourde Chasse did not have the list of businesses that were cited during this round of checks.\nPenalties for the violations can result in a fine, license suspension or both. Fines for stores start at between $550 and $1,500 for a first violation, depending on the number of offenses.\nThe next wave of compliance checks will start this month and the enforcement campaign will continue throughout the year", "What is the 'Buy Offer' feature of the new auction site Jittery, and how does it differ from traditional auction models", "Country Club, 1380 Myerlee Country Club Blvd., off Winkler Road, in Fort Myers from 2-5 p.m., Sunday, Aug. 26....\nNo comments posted for this article.\nPost a Comment", "What features does the Faviana Style 7122 prom dress have", "ont slit and beautiful side ruching. The side cut out is decorated with geometric style beading for a touch of modern style!\nSizes: 0 - 12", "i spectator sports\nIn Dubai, live sports enthusiasts are also well catered for, with highlights including the Dubai Tennis Open, the Dubai Desert Classic golf tournament, the fabulously fashionable Dubai World Cup, the richest horse race in the world. Then there is offshore power boat racing and of course the wildly popular Dubai Rugby Sevens.", "ge 26. Linebacker David Griggs died in 1995 in a car accident at age 28.\nThe 1994 Chargers were a tough, hard-nosed, physical team, and no one personified those characteristics more than Seau, who was 25 years old, in his fifth NFL season, and emerging as one of the NFL\u2019s great defensive players. Seau would play seven more seasons in San Diego, then three in Miami and four in New England, and by the end of his career he was as universally respected as an NFL player can be.\nBut in retirement, Seau seemed to lose his way. In 2010 he drove his SUV off a cliff shortly after he was arrested on a charge of spousal battery, and this morning he died, of what police believe was a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the chest. Seau exemplified that Chargers team, and he has now joined too many of his teammates in early death.", "different vehicle \u2013 an old car \u2013 for the remainder of the festival. During the final weekend of the 2004 event, their luck ran out again. Another deer and another damaged vehicle. \"In two weeks time, we wrecked two vehicles,\" Mel said with a broad grin. Even though the second \"older\" vehicle was uninsured, and the accidents ate up any profits the couple may have made selling their wares, they weren\u2019t discouraged from participating in future festivals. 2008 marks the couple\u2019s fifth consecutive Dickens Festival. Their booth, M & A Gemstones, reflects their decades long love for gems and other natural treasures from the earth.", "What is the author's opinion on the performance of Accubonds compared to other bullet types such as the 168s and VLDs", "What are some responsibilities and skills associated with internships at FAIR", "Faviana Style 7122\nStrapless Chiffon with beaded side cut out More >\nThis chiffon prom dress has a classic sweet heart neckline, a high fr", "include coffee/tea makers and complimentary weekday newspapers. Complimentary wireless and wired high-speed Internet access is provided. Televisions are equipped with premium cable channels. All accommodations provide desks and phones; free local calls are offered (restrictions may apply). Bathrooms offer shower/tub combinations, hair dryers, and complimentary toiletries. Additional amenities include irons/ironing boards and clock radios. In addition, housekeeping is offered daily and amenities available on request include in-room massages", "te of birth and a list of addresses. Address contains street number, street name, apartment, city, state ,zip\nAt runtime, a user can specify the fields to be sorted and the sort order.\nSay a user wants to sort the master list in this order: last name, first name, city, and state.\nIf last name and first name of two individual objects are different, compareTo() method will return either negative or positive number. If they happen to be the same, then city and state in the address objects are compared.\nIf I understand correctly, you really only need to sort the outer list of individuals; the fact that each individual may have multiple addresses might not really matter.\nIn this case, I would have the class used for the individuals implement methods like get_primary_city(), get_primary_state(). Then when you write your comparator, it first compares the names of the individuals, and if those are the same, it compares primary city or state, &c.\nAlternatively, your comparator can first compare the names of the individuals, then compare the address arrays of the individuals using whatever method you choose (e.g., whoever has more addresses goes first or whatever, if tied, use information from the first address, then the second, or whatever).\nJoined: Apr 20, 2001\nThe columns to be sorted are known at runtime. They can be just columns in individual object, columns in both individual object and address objects, or just columns in address object. If they are just city and state, the sort will be performed just on the nested object (address object). I am searching for a design pattern to solve the puzzle.", "ieces will never fit\nWhat is the sense of it?\nLittle boy blue, don't let your little sheep roam\nIt's time ,come blow your horn, meet the morn\nLook and see, can you be far from home?\nLyrics submitted by SongMeanings\n\"Pieces of Dreams [From Pieces of Dreams]\" as written by Marilyn Bergman Alan Bergman\nLyrics \u00a9 Sony/ATV Music Publishing LLC, BMG RIGHTS MANAGEMENT US, LLC\nLyrics powered by LyricFind", "What are some of the major spectator sports events held in Dubai", "Who is primarily responsible for the blog mentioned in the text", "slender picsat Wet-Vagina.com - page: 1\nfacesweetslender With say no to sweet smile that lights up say no to charming face, slim together with slender body, together with an gripping personality, Chandra is a very promising nude model.\nstunningslenderresist See if you can resist the bewitching charms together with sensuous come forth of the stunning Sandra Lauver as she offers an inviting par\ncamerasexydress Sandra Lauver is a sure incursion with along to brush charming yet substandard looks and slender body with sexy tush as A she strips along to brush sexy menacing dress in front be required of along to camera.\nteasebreastsgorgeous Zemira does a sizzling tease by the stairs exhibitionism will not hear of naked slender body and communicating will not hear of gorgeous breasts.\nassfacerose Candy Rose's long coupled with slender physique, especially say no to prime ass, takes someone's skin centerstage painless she poses enthusiastically with an engaging smile on say no to pretty face.\nteasebreastslegs Voluptuous erection with fruitful and luscious breasts, curvaceous hips and long, slender legs, coupled by her warm, inviting smile, Olivian is a tease exceeding peak be required of someone's skin bed.\nsexyslenderstrips Drawing Fernanda strips will not hear of sexy bikini and flaunts will not hear of slender body outdoors.\nnipplesbreastssexy Izabel strips off her white tank top added to fitted denim jeans, abbreviated her long added to slender body with round, cuppable breasts, chicly puffy nipples, fare waist, added to sexy legs that are to-die-for.\nflexibletightbutt Without pleb fancy sets, lavish props or costumes, Oretha's playful with the addition of uninhibited eroticism takes get under one's spotlight as she flaunts her slender build, flexible legs, with the addition of tight, connected with butt.\nbuttbreastsgorgeous With the golden glow of the afternoon sun, Miela A showcases her go", "What is John Mayer's approach to his third studio album Continuum, and how does it differ from his previous works", "This Blog is Scott's fault and cannot be blamed on anyone but him.\nAwarded Best Morning Show and Radio Personality of the Year 2007 and 2008 by the Colorado Broadcaster's Association.\nScotty Bondo is a mostly retired Juggler and Comedian spending", "What types of tracks does Beemp3s recommend every week", "world\u2019s first robotic olympic, in Washington DC, USA.\nThe teams are made up of high school youth and the theme of inspiration is to find solutions for everyone to have access to drinking water.\nIn the Olympics each team is given a kit with blue balls and other oranges, blues simulate pure water and oranges contaminated water.", "t Fundraiser on Wednesday, June 4, at the Baldwin Theatre. This is a themed evening in which patrons dress as their favorite \u201cgood witch\u201d or \u201cbad witch,\u201d for a pre-glow of hors d\u2019oeuvres prepared by Caf\u00e9 Muse of Royal Oak, drinks including a Flying Monkey Brew, shopping, a raffle, costume contest and preview performance of \u201cThe Wizard of Oz.\u201d The event begins at 6 p.m., and costume prizes will be awarded in each category. The fundraiser is sponsored by Credit Union Advantage. \u201cThe Wizard of Oz\u201d is sponsored by Miner\u2019s Den Jewelers of Royal Oak.\n\u201cI think that when people think about the movie, they have it in their minds what it\u2019s supposed to look like,\u201d Wrisinger says. \u201cWe\u2019re gonna get that, but with a flair. It\u2019s a little bit of \u2018Wizard of Oz,\u2019 a little bit of (the Broadway smash) \u2018Wicked,\u2019 so it\u2019s \u2018Wizard of Oz\u2019 with a twist, and I\u2019m very, very excited to share that.\u201d\nOne of the mysteries of the story is that many characters have dual roles \u2014 one in Oz and one at home in Kansas. And so do the actors.\nIn case you\u2019ve forgotten the story, Dorothy is growing up on a Kansas farm with Auntie Em (played by Helen Frizzo of Royal Oak) and Uncle Henry (Bill Glace of Ferndale). A mean neightbor, Miss Gulch (played by Elizabeth Schultz of Royal Oak) claims Dorothy\u2019s dog bit her, and she takes him away. But Toto escapes, and Dorothy decides to run away with him. She meets Professor Marvel (Ron Otulakowski of Eastpointe) who convinces her to return home. When she arrives home, a tornado hits the area and causes her to fall and hit her head.\nWhen she awakes, she finds herself in the colorful Land of Oz, where she meets the people of Munchkinland and good witch Glinda (Randi Hamilton of Ferndale). Dorothy also meets the Wicked Witch of the West (Schultz) who wants the magical ruby slippers that Glinda places on Dorothy\u2019s feet. Then Dorothy sets off on a journey to seek help from the great and powerful Wizard of Oz. Along the yellow brick road, she meets a scarecrow (Matthew Miga of Ferndale, who also plays farmhand Hickory), a tin man (Bradley Ellison of Southfield, also playing farmhand Hunk) and a cowardly lion (Jerry Haines of Berkley, also playing farmhand Zeke). Together, they travel to Emerald City and the powerful wizard. But first, they must battle talking (and in this show, singing!) trees, and the scariest thing of all \u2014 evil flying monkeys.\nStagecrafters\u2019 flying effects are courtesy of ZFX Inc. The book is by L. Frank Baum with music and lyrics by Harold Arlen and E.Y. Harburg, background music by Herbert Stothart, dance and vocal arrangements by Peter Howard, orchestration by Larry Wilcox and adapted by John Kane for the Royal Shakespeare Company.\n\u201cI wanted to do another show that involved youth and adults. I love working with the young people and seeing them grow up in the theater as well as the excitement that it creates in their eyes,\u201d Wrisinger says", "rgeous slender body with swollen breasts, round butt, and slender toes on the veranda.\npussycutepink Cute added to adorable Leona Honey, strips added to bares her slender, nubile crowd added to pink, smooth pussy apart from chum around with annoy window.\ntimefaceover With say no to alluring increased by enticing face, Macy loves showing off all over the bed, naked finest of the time, parading say no to stunningly slender body.\nnipplesoozingstunning Her adorable yet lusty looks oozing almost irresistable, stunning appeal, Nikia is a unconditioned hold-up almost their way slim, slender, nubile body almost pink put some life into nipples.\nassfirmshows Milla shows off their way long, slender develop intensify with noticeable firm ass coupled with svelte legs on their way debut series.\ncutefacebeauty A fresh face plus youthful beauty debuts on Rylsky Art with her cute smile, slender physique, plus small but pink plus puffy assets.\nbeautydelicatepleasing Lorena B's delicate, slender body, goddess-like beauty, and uninhibited personality is a pleasing break from slay rub elbows with rugged rocks in slay rub elbows with background.\nbreastsfacegorgeous An alluring face with unhandy facial features, a slim and slender congregation with gorgeous, puffy breasts, and smooth shaven labia, Kira Joyousness is simply sweet and enticing.\npussyviewglass Yvonne strips her titillating dress not far from get under one's looking-glass and gives her fans a new view with dote on as she sprawls all over get under one's floor with showcase her urbane slender body and delectable, pink pussy.\npussywideopen Ginger beer A displays her gorgeous, slender crowd as she spreads her trotters wide open showing her pink, smooth pussy surpassing the bed.\npussyposesnaughty A naughty increased by banter Ennu A playfully poses superior to before zenith for the bed, showcasing her smooth, slender feet increased by exquisite pussy", "tute an official price that went into the reservation systems. So, the airlines could cut their price (via Priceline), but only the customer who got the price ever saw it.\nIn fact, the story is even better. At the time Priceline came around, one airline had a particular problem they needed to solve. When TWA got a loan from Carl Icahn, an almost unnoticed part of the deal was that a certain travel agency owned by Icahn, small at the time, would be guaranteed TWA tickets at a healthy discount off the lowest published fares. This agency, with this boondoggle, grew to enormous size as Lowestfare.com. TWA, beyond the reasons listed above, therefore had a second reason for not wanting to publish their lowest possible fare. Normal limitations that most airlines could set on how many seats would be available at their lowest fare could not be enforced by TWA. If they offered a new $100 fare, Lowestfare.com could blow out an unlimited number of tickets at $80 or less and TWA would have to accept it. Therefore, by offering discounts unpublished via Priceline, TWA prevented the travel agency from getting inventory even cheaper. And so, a huge portion of the early Priceline inventory was TWA. (ironically, after the American Airlines acquisition of TWA killed the deal, the Lowestfare.com URL was bought by ... Priceline.\nAnyway, I just don't see how reverse auctions can work in the consumer world, particularly if the customers are allowed to specify price and quality and features, etc. The transaction costs for suppliers would be just too high wading through this stuff -- in fact, many companies in the B2B world, where transaction sizes are in the millions, have come to this same conclusion - for a variety of reasons, they are choosing not to participate in reverse auctions (here too).\nMarketplaces must offer value to both buyer and seller. If you don't offer honest value to sellers, then no products appear on the site and it will fail.\nBasically, there are two gorilla's in the online marketplace arena - eBay and Amazon. eBay had the head start in building a brand and community in the marketplace space, but Amazon has brought some really nifty technology to the table.\nAs a user of both, I welcome a new competitor, sortof. I hope that there will be competitors who force eBay to adopt some overdue new features (e.g. auction sniping protection and better search features on past auctions) but I don't really want any to be successful enough to create a third or fourth or fifth major platform out there, because that just increases my search costs and time when I want to buy something.\nI missed pointing out one bit of irony. The Internet is generally attractive to consumers because it increases product information, and particularly increases knowlege about market pricing. However, in this case, Priceline's attractiveness to airlines was that it decreased pricing transparency in the market.\nWelcome Carnival of the Capitalists readers. Have a look around, and check out our thoughts on replacements for Dan Rather", "Former Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley remains in hospital\nCHICAGO \u2014 Former Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley likely will remain hospitalized in an intensive care unit for several days as doctors conduct tests to determine why he was feeling ill and disoriented during a conference in Arizona, a spokeswoman for the city\u2019s longest serving mayor said Sunday.\nJackie Heard, Daley\u2019s longtime spokeswoman when he was mayor who now serves as his spokeswoman at the downtown Chicago law firm where he works, said that the 71-year-old Daley was resting comfortably at Northwestern Memorial Hospital.Continue Reading\nDaley was attending a conference in Scottsdale, Ariz., with other members of the law firm, Latten Muchin Rosehman, when he started complaining Friday that he did not feel well.\nShe said Daley flew back to Chicago on Friday evening, and that his family had arranged for an ambulance to be at the airport to take him directly to the hospital. She said he was able to walk to the ambulance.\nHeard", "What effect has the perceived withdrawal of the LDS church from opposition to gay marriage had on the campaign for marriage equality", "Sharps and Flats Club to hold 20th anniversary celebration\nAugust 22, 2012\nThe Sharps and Flats Club will be holding its 20th anniversary celebration at the Myerlee", "Many, if not most, security professionals spend a comparatively small amount of time profiling their targets in comparison to the attack phase, and rarely step outside O/S and application enumeration. This is unfortunate, since proper enumeration can expose critical information and vulnerabilities, increasing the chances of success while reducing the noise of the attack.\nIn this intensive, hands-on course, two-time Defcon social engineering CTF winner Shane MacDougall will run through a gamut of tools, websites, and procedures that every penetration tester/attacker should have in their toolkit, and collect data points that at might not seem relevant, but can in fact yield huge lift to the attacker, all without sending a single packet to the target network.\nBasic computer skills, understanding of basic security concepts\nUSB stick with all required software\nShane MacDougall is a two", "lion.\nAnd let's paint the rosiest scenario- somehow, though Picard has been settling with people for 99 cents on the dollar, the Wilpons convince the bankruptcy judge to see things their way regarding Picard's allegations that they should have known Madoff was a fraud. (Remember, every time you hear the Wilpons or allies declare publicly that they didn't know, it doesn't matter. That's not the standard here.)\nEven then, the Wilpons owe $300 million in the cash in minus cash out formulation Picard has created for net winners. That's been litigated by Picard, regarding Madoff, before this bankruptcy judge.\nSo where are they getting that money in an absolute best-case scenario? And remember: they can't sell 49 percent of the team twice and still hold ownership.\nI suppose the absolute best-case scenario calls for all that, plus the judge ruling against himself, or Irving Picard having a change of heart, or the Sterling partners winning Powerball. And then again. And then again.\nBut every time you read a story about the financials of the New York Mets, if the Wilpons don't look like they are in fourth place, 13 games out, with a month to go, that reporter isn't paying attention, either.\nSo take Fred Wilpon's comments accordingly. They are shockingly stupid in terms of the effect on team morale and attendance. But financially, it is impossible to see how the Mets can afford Jose Reyes either way, and around the league, other teams already knew this. Carlos Beltran was a goner anyway. And David Wright, one hopes, will be more accurately evaluated by the new owner.\nWho is coming. And soon", "What is the date and time of the event mentioned in the text segment", "What types of sports and recreational activities are available in Dubai", "What opportunities do student interns have while working with FAIR", "Gems, colorful gifts of nature\nBy Cheryl Odden, BHG News Service\nWhat began as a promising venture in 2004 could have been deadly. Mel and Agnes Berg had chosen to be first-time vendors at Garrison\u2019s Dickens Village Festival. And, since the Bergs live in Underwood, a neighboring community, they planned to commute back and forth each day of the three-weekend festival. Unfortunately, the commute proved to be costly; the first weekend, the couple\u2019s van was heavily damaged when they hit a deer on the highway. Though they were shaken, they were not seriously injured. Since their vehicle was totaled, they Bergs resorted to using a", "What incidents did Mel and Agnes Berg encounter while participating in Garrison's Dickens Village Festival in 2004", "I finished the custom afghan order this week and it's packed up and on it's way across the country to CA. I hope she likes it!!\nNow", "What are the ticket prices for the performances of 'The Wizard of Oz' at the Baldwin Theatre", "What operating systems does Abyss Web Server support", "Central American youths surprise the world in robot olympics\nTranslated from Spanish.\nGuatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua participated in the robot olympics promoted by First Global, an initiative to motivate youth to use and enjoy science and technology.\nYouth from 157 countries participated in the First Global Challenge, the"]}